---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1500
index: 31
section: vol1
slug: 31
title: Celebration
---

## Chapter 31: Celebration

Despite feeling the usual pinch, Lumian didn't stop his sister as Ava,
Reimund, and the others turned around and walked towards the nearby
buildings. He deliberately fell behind and whispered to Aurore, "Call me
if you hear back from Novel Weekly."

"Don't worry, I'll keep you updated," Aurore replied, giving Lumian a
reassuring look.

The festive and joyous blessing tour continued with songs as they
knocked on the villagers' doors in Cordu.

Finally, they arrived at the administrator's residence, which was
modified from a castle from the Sauron royal era. It was located on a
hill at the edge of Cordu, dark in color with two towering towers.

The outer walls surrounding the building had long been torn down. Lumian
and company passed through the garden specially created by the Béost
couple and arrived at the entrance.

The door was four to five meters tall, a brownish-green color like
trees, and looked very heavy.

However, it was divided into upper and lower parts and only needed to
open the two-meter-tall part below unless welcoming esteemed guests.

The Spring Elf was the embodiment of spring and the messenger of the
harvest, so she deserved the most honorable treatment. At this moment,
the heavy door was completely opened, and Madame Pualis stood there in a
light green corset.

Her lady's maid, Cathy, stood to the side with a basket woven from tree
branches, half a step behind.

Ava walked over and sang a song of blessings.

Madame Pualis listened quietly with a smile on her face, which made her
look noble and reserved. The young men who followed the Spring Elf
didn't dare to look at her, but Lumian, who had "listened" to the other
party and the padre doing the deed, scoffed inwardly when he saw this.

As the song ended, Ava exchanged the seeds of a tree for a basket of
eggs.

The blessing tour was over, and Lumian, Reimund, and the other lads
escorted Ava, the Spring Elf, to the mountain river not far from the
village for the second segment of Lent: the waterside ritual.

Arriving at the place where geese were usually herded, Ava approached
the clear river and did a simple dance, repeating the song from before.
Meanwhile, Lumian and the other lads stood still, seven to eight meters
away from the Spring Elf.

After the dance, Ava took out a chopped turnip from a basket beside her
feet, given by a particular villager, and threw it into the river.

As she threw, she sang, "A bumper harvest! A bumper harvest!"

When Ava was done, Lumian stepped on the ground and ran over in a few
steps. He bent down and took out the cut turnips from the basket and
threw them into the river.

"A bumper harvest! A bumper harvest!" he shouted.

The remaining lads were a tad slower than Lumian, but they rushed
towards Ava, afraid of falling behind. They took out turnips and
radishes from the basket and threw them at different parts of the river
while shouting "bumper harvest."

Reimund failed to take the initiative and couldn't beat the others, so
he was the last to complete the ritual.

The next second, he saw the malicious smiles of Lumian,
Guillaume-junior, and the others.

They lifted Reimund up, shouting "bumper harvest," and threw him into
the water with a splash. Reimund was drenched from head to toe.

The people on the shore even picked up soil and branches and threw them
at him.

This was part of the waterside ritual: the person who completed the last
prayer would be thrown into the river and not allowed to go ashore. They
could only swim a little further down and quietly return home to hide
until it was dark.

Reimund wiped the water droplets off his face and struggled for a few
seconds before heading downstream.

Only then did the team escort Ava to the Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral
at the edge of Cordu's square.

It was almost noon. Most of the villagers, including Lumian's sister
Aurore, had gathered at the cathedral, which was not as grand as those
in the city. The tallest one was only 11 to 12 meters, with a dome in an
arc that looked like an onion from the outside. Looking up from the
inside, a dazzling sun mural greeted their eyes.

The entire cathedral was golden in color and looked very bright, which
was also the common style of all the Eternal Blazing Sun cathedrals.

The altar was located in the east, and all kinds of Sun Flowers
surrounded a huge Sacred Emblem.

On the surface of the Sacred Emblem, the golden ball and the lines
representing light formed a symbol filled with mysticism: the symbol of
the Eternal Blazing Sun.

High up on the wall behind the altar, there were two pure glass windows
inlaid with gold foil. Every day, when the sun rose, the light would
shine from here onto the Sacred Emblem.

On the west side of the cathedral, there were two similar glass windows
to take in the glow of the setting sun.

As this was not a formal ritual of the Church but a traditional
celebration of the people, Padre Guillaume Bénet did not appear.
Instead, Administrator Béost hosted the celebration with Ava, who was
still dressed as a "Spring Elf," standing next to him. Musical
instruments such as flutes and lyres sounded, and the villagers sang
songs that praised spring and prayed for a bumper harvest.

They hadn't rehearsed, so the singing wasn't uniform, and some people
even sang and danced, making the scene lively.

Lumian's mouth opened and closed, but he didn't make a sound---he was
simply going through the motions. On the other hand, Aurore, who was
beside him, was engrossed in her singing, taking the opportunity to have
fun and raise her voice.

As he was only going through the motions, Lumian had time to look
around.

He didn't notice any abnormalities in the villagers' behavior. He
subconsciously looked up at the golden sun mural on the dome.

Then he saw it---the thing he couldn't quite put his finger on.

The villagers weren't praising the sun.

For a village that worshiped the Eternal Blazing Sun, this was strange.
Words like "Praise the Sun" and "My God, my Father" were staples of
daily life, but Lumian realized he hadn't heard them in a while!

As a quasi-believer and having skipped activities in the cathedral since
crossing the padre, Lumian hadn't thought much of it before. But
something about the solemn and golden atmosphere of the cathedral made
him realize that this was not normal.

And then he remembered the letter of help that he had reconstructed, the
urgent plea for assistance from someone in the village: *"We need help
as soon as possible. The people around us are getting weirder."*

*The people around us are getting weirder... *At that moment,
Lumian gained a deeper understanding and agreement with this sentence.

Lumian's heart raced as he looked around, searching for Leah and the
other foreigners.

But they were nowhere to be found at this Lenten celebration.

*Seriously, they don't appear when they're needed...* Lumian
muttered inwardly.

Lumian forced himself to join in the chorus, pretending not to notice
anything out of the ordinary.

Finally, the singing died down, and the celebration ended. Lumian
whispered to Aurore, his voice urgent, "Go home first. I have something
to tell you later."

He knew he couldn't leave yet; as an escort for the Spring Elf, he had
to participate in the final part of the ritual.

He couldn't force his way out of the cathedral, risking an anomalous
eruption.

Aurore nodded thoughtfully. "Okay."

She didn't ask further and left the cathedral with Madame Pualis and the
other villagers, leaving Lumian behind.

The cathedral was empty, save for Lumian and a handful of lads who had
participated in the blessing tour.

Ava, the embodiment of the Spring Elf, stood in the center of the room,
surrounded by the contributions, symbolic items that hadn't been thrown
into the river---herbs, axes, shovels, whips, and goose sticks.

Lumian and his companions had to wait for someone to come in from
outside and announce the departure of the Spring Elf before they could
take off her crown, necklace, branches, and leaves. During this process,
they needed to leave a gap for the Spring Elf to leave Ava's body.

In just 20 to 30 seconds, footsteps echoed from the cathedral's
entrance.

Lumian instinctively looked up. Two figures entered the cathedral.

The thin Shepherd Pierre Berry had rushed back to attend Lent. His eyes
were sunken, and he wore a dark brown long coat with a hood. He had tied
a rope around his waist and was sporting new black leather shoes.

But what caught Lumian's attention was that his greasy black hair was
now clean and smooth. Even his messy beard had been tidied, and it was
now neater and shorter than before. As usual, there was a faint smile in
his blue eyes.

The other man was Padre Guillaume Bénet, adorned in a white robe with
gold threads, befitting of his role as a clergyman. He had sparse black
hair and a slightly hooked nose, but he exuded a dignified aura. Despite
standing at less than 1.7 meters tall, he still seemed to tower over
Shepherd Pierre Berry.

*The padre... Why did he come?* Lumian was surprised and
puzzled.

As a clergyman of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church, he had no business
being here, at a folk celebration that didn't include a segment to
praise the sun.

Lumian's mind jolted as he recognized that the padre and his group were
previously up to something sinister, especially considering his past
conflict with them. He quickly retreated to the side of the stained
glass, moving slowly and silently to avoid drawing attention to himself.

The group hadn't yet surrounded Ava, the Spring Elf, so they were
standing in different places, making Lumian's actions inconspicuous.

Ava was surprised to see the padre, but she quickly remembered his
importance in the village. It made sense for him to announce the end of
the Lent celebration. She smiled once again.

Padre Guillaume Bénet and Shepherd Pierre Berry approached Ava, and the
former spoke in a deep voice.

"Send the Spring Elf off."

Other than Lumian, people rushed forward to surround Ava.

"Send the Spring Elf off!" Shepherd Pierre Berry shouted as he bent his
back with a smile.

*Not good!* Lumian's heart raced as he stepped forward, his body
reacting before his mind could catch up.

But it was too late. Shepherd Pierre Berry picked up an axe from the
pile of symbolic items, and with a tight grip and a powerful swing, the
axe came cleaving down.

Blood spurted from Ava's neck, forming a thick red mist.

*Thud.*

Lumian watched in horror as Ava's head fell to the ground and rolled a
few times in the blood, finally stopping, head facing up.

She still had a look of joy in her eyes.

Having just taken two steps in her direction, Lumian's heart sank. He
immediately turned around and turned to flee towards the stained glass.