---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1518
index: 49
section: vol1
slug: 49
title: True Cogitation
---

## Chapter 49: True Cogitation

Lumian couldn't help but suppress his laughter at the name of the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, but he managed to hold it in.

But even if he held it in, he couldn't help but say, "Those who know
will understand that you're studying curly-haired baboons. Those who
don't know will think that a group of curly-haired baboons are doing
research."

Of course, he was only joking.

Aurore rolled her eyes at him. "We often tease ourselves as a group of
curly-haired baboons being studied."

Seeing that his sister was in a better mood, Lumian asked, "Are all the
members of your research society Beyonders?"

"Not all of them," Aurore answered briefly. "But some gatherings can't
be attended by ordinary people."

She didn't say why they couldn't participate.

"Who's the president? How many vice presidents are there?" Lumian asked.

"Are you doing a census?" Aurore snapped back.

"Huh?" Lumian was confused.

Lumian was confused and realized that Aurore didn't like him asking too
many questions about the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society.

Aurore pouted and exhaled.

"The president's code name is Gandalf. There are a total of five vice
presidents.

"Alright, I'm going to summon Hela's messenger."

Lumian was puzzled and asked, "Aurore, uh, Grande Soeur, didn't you say
that you only know the code name 'Hela' and don't know her exact name?
How are you going to summon her messenger?"

He remembered that his sister had just mentioned that by changing the
last sentence of the summoning incantation to "the messenger that
belongs to so-and-so", he could very accurately pinpoint the target
creature. However, she didn't know who "so-and-so" was.

"Excellent," Aurore praised him and said, "to be able to discover the
problem is an excellent learning quality. Let's put it this way. It
doesn't matter what name you use when you sign a contract with a spirit
world creature. The contract will automatically extract a bit of your
true aura from you, allowing the two parties to be related. However,
remember, you can only use the name written when you sign the contract
in the future. Changing it to your real name will be ineffective."

Lumian pondered seriously and said, "Got it. The key is the aura and
connection. The name when signing the contract is only equivalent to the
incantation used for the subsequent summoning. It doesn't matter what
you write."

"Yes." Aurore nodded.

Lumian suddenly laughed.

"Is there such a situation? Let me say hypothetically. Grande Soeur, you
obtained an exact incantation and summoned a messenger. You signed a
contract with it in the name of Aurore Lee. After that, you taught me
that incantation because you loved your younger brother, which is me. As
for me, I successfully summoned another messenger. However, when signing
the contract, I used Aurore Lee's name to sign it for fun.

"Then the question is, which one will be summoned with the description
of 'the messenger that belongs to Aurore Lee'?"

Aurore's face turned livid. "I don't have a messenger. How would I
know!"

She exhaled and calmed herself down.

"This is actually a confusion caused by having the same name. Compared
to ordinary contracted creatures that can only be summoned by oneself,
it's indeed easy for a messenger that can be summoned by others to have
such problems. However, because I don't have a messenger, I'm not sure
if there's a special mechanism to avoid such mistakes. I can only use my
knowledge to attempt an analysis.

"First, very few people have a messenger. The probability of having the
same name is so low that it's almost negligible.

"Second, if there's an overlap in names, you can place an item with the
messenger's owner's aura in the summoning ritual and use it to
accurately lock onto them.

"Third, if you're really afraid of having the same name, you can make
your name longer when signing a contract. For example, Lumian Torres
Arri Lanos Arthur Gehrman Sparrow Lee. That way, you probably won't have
the same name."

"But it's very likely that I'll forget this name after signing the
contract. It's too difficult to remember," Lumian muttered. "Also, why
did you add the name of the Pirate Hunter and Great Adventurer?"

"Because I like it. Madam Fors Wall's adventurer series is a classic,"
Aurore said confidently.

She turned around and tidied up the altar, preparing to officially hold
the summoning ritual.

At that moment, Lumian thought of something and shouted, "Wait a
minute!"

"What's wrong?" Aurore turned around, looking confused.

Lumian asked seriously, "Does the messenger count as an outsider?"

"..." Aurore was confused at first, but quickly figured out the problem.

She deliberated and asked, "You mean that as an outsider, the messenger
will fall into a cycle after coming to Cordu and won't be able to
leave?"

Without waiting for Lumian's reply, Aurore came up with a new theory.

"No, the situation will be worse. It's a contracted creature. After
receiving the letter, it will immediately go to Hela. It's equivalent to
leaving Cordu. That will cause a restart.

"After that, it will instinctively attempt to leave again and again,
while we restart again and again. We won't have time to investigate the
key to the loop."

Lumian couldn't help but imagine the scene his sister had described.

Just as he opened his eyes to see his familiar bedroom, he would open
his eyes again to see the familiar bedroom. Only to open his eyes again
to see the familiar bedroom... He would repeat this action countless
times, and the root cause of this was that a certain messenger was in a
hurry to "go home."

Aurore raised her hand to cover her forehead.

"I can't even imagine what kind of changes will happen then..."

After sighing, she analyzed seriously, "From the current situation, the
departure of living things from Cordu and the surrounding area will
cause the loop to restart, and inanimate objects won't trigger the
restrictions. The telegram and the letter that were sent are proof.

"If that's the case, spirits definitely won't do either. From the looks
of it, I can't summon the messenger."

Lumian suddenly figured out why the livre bleu could maintain its state
of having its words cut out.

The pieced together notes had left Cordu, making it no longer affected.
Since it couldn't return, it naturally couldn't return to its original
state!

He shared his speculation with his sister and asked, "The problem with
livre bleu has been solved, but how did that letter get sent?

"There's definitely no way to send it out during the loop. The moment
the messenger leaves Cordu, it will cause a reboot. And if it's before
the loop, I have no impression of it. What about you?"

"Neither do I," Aurore thought for a few seconds before jokingly
scolding, "You idiot, you almost led me astray. It's easy to send the
letter in a loop!"

Lumian looked at his smart sister and asked, "Huh?"

Aurore chuckled before explaining, "There's no need for a postman to
send the letter, nor is there a need to hire a messenger.

"When we discover an abnormality and don't want to alarm those who might
be problematic, the best choice is to find a wooden box and place the
distress letter inside. After sealing it, we will throw the wooden box
into the river outside the village and let it float downstream
naturally. When the other villages and even the people of Dariège pick
it up, they will help us deliver it to the officials.

"You said that our last cycle confirmed that the loop contains a small
portion of the river that can be reached."

"That's right!" Lumian exclaimed, pressing his palms together.

He thought of another question.

"Will the fish in the river cause a reboot?"

"I don't think so," Aurore replied after thinking for a moment. "These
creatures without any intelligence are very sensitive to invisible
restrictions. Or rather, they're more prone to invisible influences.
There's a high chance that they'll instinctively stay away from places
that might cause a reboot."

"What about your White Paper? It has no choice but to leave the real
world after twelve hours." Lumian felt that this would also restart the
cycle.

Aurore looked around and said thoughtfully, "I suspect that the loop not
only includes Cordu and the surrounding mountainous areas but also the
area that corresponds to everyone here in the spirit world.

"You probably don't know that there are actually more natural
interactions between the spirit world and reality. If you don't include
the corresponding spirit world, it might restart every now and then, but
the current situation is clearly different.

"As my contracted creature, White Paper has a direct connection with
Cordu. The spirit world it roams is most likely included."

*I still don't know enough about mysticism...* Lumian didn't ask
further.

Aurore demonstrated the ritualistic magic process again and dispelled
the wall of spirituality.

In the formless wind that suddenly blew, she said to Lumian, "It's
already dark. I'll teach you true Cogitation and the way to activate
Spirit Vision."

"Okay!" Lumian replied, showing that he had his sister's full attention.

Aurore explained, "You've long grasped the first half of Cogitation.
Let's start from the second half. When you imagine the Sun, retract your
spirit and enter a relatively calm state. Let your mind be slightly
empty. Draw an outline of something that doesn't exist in reality to
replace the Sun. Keep drawing and repeating until your body and mind
obtain peace. Your thoughts will have a feeling that they are floating."

Lumian didn't quite understand. "Something that doesn't exist in
reality?"

Aurore took out a pen and paper and drew a few strokes. "Look, is there
anything like this in reality?" The paper had something very abstract on
it, like a ball with eyes and a cross on its face. "Doesn't it exist
once you draw it? This drawing is in reality."

Lumian felt that her sister's explanation was wrong. "Pictures and
imaginations aren't real."

Aurore rolled her eyes. As her younger brother's teacher, she had to
suffer this kind of anger often. Lumian acknowledged her comment
tersely. "Then I'll try using this picture of yours." He pulled up a
chair and sat down. He leaned back and focused.

The crimson sun quickly outlined itself in his mind, gradually calming
him down. After a while, because he was in reality, he did not hear the
terrifying and mysterious voice. He could calmly use the pattern that
his sister had casually drawn to replace the Sun in Cogitation. The ball
with eyes and a cross quickly appeared in Lumian's mind. As Lumian
repeatedly outlined it, his body and heart became more and more
peaceful, and his thoughts gradually felt ethereal.

He "saw" that there was a faint gray fog around him. There were many
indescribable, non-existent things, and dense colored blocks mixed
together. And high in the sky, perhaps deep in the depths, there was a
clear light.

"There's no hurry. The probability of a Hunter succeeding in Cogitation
on their first try is very low," Aurore consoled her brother.

Just as Lumian was about to report to his sister that he had
successfully entered a Cogitation state, he suddenly felt something
watching him from the depths of the gray fog and an infinite height!
This seemed to be an illusion, but it made him break out in a cold
sweat. He felt an inexplicable fear and immediately left the Cogitation
state.