---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1532
index: 63
section: vol1
slug: 63
title: Shocking News
---

## Chapter 63: Shocking News

Leah and Valentine asked Ryan in unison, "How is it?"

Although they had already believed Lumian's words, it was inevitable for
people to hope for luck. They still held onto the hope that perhaps the
problem wasn't that serious because the kid wasn't knowledgeable enough
to exaggerate.

Ryan looked around and saw that there was no one else around the elm
tree. He spoke in a low voice, "I was afraid to ask too directly. I only
know that the real date is already late April. I don't know the exact
date."

Leah and Valentine fell silent.

They had indeed fallen into a strange time loop!

Judging from the various files and information, this was definitely not
something the three of them should face or deal with.

They were seasoned Beyonders who had handled many Beyonder incidents. It
was the first time they had encountered such a serious and abnormal
situation.

Leah couldn't help but turn to look at Lumian. "What kind of place is
Cordu?"

There were abnormalities everywhere, each more exaggerated than the
last!

"I don't know either." Lumian had an "innocent" expression. "Before the
loop, this place was beautiful and the people were simple. Everyone was
normal and hospitable."

He didn't tell the three foreigners that the person standing before them
was also one of the abnormalities.

Ryan sighed and said, "I've never encountered so many abnormalities at
once, and every one of them is serious."

"This is the most dangerous situation I've ever faced," echoed
Valentine.

Lumian was already a little numb to this. He sneered and said, "It's
normal that you haven't encountered it before, because those who have
encountered one are dead."

"..." Leah looked at him with a smile. "Don't say anything if you can't
say something nice. People like you won't survive past childhood
elsewhere."

"Killed in the cradle?" Lumian mocked himself and asked Ryan, "Did you
get an answer about the deputy padre?"

Ryan nodded.

"In the past few years, similar legends have emerged in various places
across the Northern and Southern Continents.

"Legend has it that Heaven banished a group of sinful elves to the
ground. They can only reside within human bodies, hoping to redeem their
sins and gain absolution before returning to Heaven.

"In some versions of the legend, these elves appear as translucent
lizards.

"However, the elf I'm referring to is not the ancient elf race. It is
more akin to a mixture of fairies and various spirits."

*Again in recent years?* Lumian recalled that the legend of
Madame Night had only surfaced recently.

What was wrong with this world?

He pondered for a moment before asking, "Did they specify which deity's
Heaven it is?"

Ryan shook his head.

"What's remarkable is that every person who claims to have seen an elf
believes it is from the kingdom of their local deity."

The local deity referred to the orthodox gods of the local faith.

*Heavens of different deities?* Lumian gazed up at the azure
sky.

*Did that lizard-like elf come from the sky?*

However, according to Aurore, beyond the sky lay the cosmos. Each star
represented a world.

*So, were these extraterrestrial beings?*

*Or were they from an astral plane beyond mysticism?*

As Lumian's thoughts raced, he asked curiously, "In some versions of the
legend, these elves appear as translucent lizards. What about the other
details?"

Ryan shook his head once more.

"That's all they could uncover in a short period. They may need to
communicate with headquarters for more information."

Leah pondered and spoke, "I am familiar with the legend of elves."

"I once met a native of Lenburg who shared that farmers in many regions
of the south-central zone have reported mischievous fairies in recent
years. These creatures known as Alpes would vandalize their homes and
fields or play pranks on them."

The south-central zone referred to the area where Lenburg, Masin, Segar,
and other small countries were located. It also included a few areas in
the Intis Republic, the Loen Kingdom, and the Feynapotter Kingdom.

Most of them were located in the highlands, mountains, forests, areas
filled with ruins and legends.

Lumian listened attentively and concluded, *This is not an isolated
phenomenon...*

"Each elf seems to have their unique way of causing trouble," Ryan
mused. "And the lizards that inhabit human bodies are perhaps the most
malevolent. It is uncertain if they are the most dangerous. With so many
abnormalities in Cordu, the parasitic elf shouldn't be an isolated
phenomenon. Perhaps someone wants to use it to control the deputy
padre."

*Very clear line of thinking... *Lumian looked at the villagers
who were returning home after finishing their work and said to Leah and
the others, "Meet me behind the hill where the administrator's castle is
at 3:30 p.m.

"Will you join me to search for clues?"

"Of course," Ryan agreed.

Leah, however, called out to Lumian before he left, "Is that all? You
should brief us on the situation in the castle, its inhabitants, and
Madame Pualis' abnormality. We cannot explore and search without
preparation."

Lumian did not want to recall Madame Pualis' matters, but he had to
admit that Leah's request made sense. He had to endure the discomfort
and tell them the entire story.

Ryan and the others were mentally prepared, but they still looked a
little dull upon hearing the tale.

Leah lightened the mood with her tinkling laughter.

"It does not matter to me. I might experience such a thing in the
future. This is an opportunity that most men never encounter. You must
cherish it."

However, Valentine ignored her joke and whispered with a cold
expression, "All of this needs to be purified---purified!"

Lumian did not want to provoke Valentine and waved his hand.

"See you in the afternoon."

After taking a few steps, Lumian turned around to look at Ryan warily
and asked, "Did Bertrand have any knowledge of the contents of your
telegram?"

Bertrand was responsible for the telegraph, and if he knew about the
date and the legend of the elves, it meant that the administrator knew
as well. And if the administrator knew, Madame Pualis would know too.

"Don't worry," Ryan said reassuringly. "We have a secret code. He won't
be able to decipher it."

Lumian breathed a sigh of relief only then and left the village square,
heading back to his building.

As he walked a distance away, he spotted Ava Lizier herding a flock of
white geese back home.

"Hey there, isn't this our Spring Elf?" Lumian tried to push the bloody
and cruel scenes from the Lent celebration out of his mind and greeted
Ava with his usual quip.

Ava seemed a little embarrassed.

"I haven't been chosen yet!"

Her exquisite facial features made her grayish-white dress look less
rustic.

"That won't be a problem," Lumian said with a smile. "Reimund and I will
help you campaign for votes."

Ava looked surprised. "You don't know?"

"What don't I know?" Lumian's heart skipped a beat.

Had something happened in the village that wasn't a part of the
"historical" process?

Ava observed his expression and suspected that he was teasing her.

After a few seconds, the girl frowned in concern and said, "Reimund's
missing. You didn't know?"

"Huh?" Lumian was so shocked that he couldn't hide his expression as
usual.

In the previous, previous cycle, he and Reimund Greg had met almost
every day from the second day of March 30th until April 5th, Lent.

Back then, they had followed the waterside ritual procedure to lift
Reimund, who had thrown the last offering, and throw him into the river.
Like the others in the past, Reimund swam further away and could only
return home after leaving the ritual site. He wouldn't leave the house
until night.

In the two cycles that followed, Lumian had too much to do and didn't
have time to find Reimund.

But now, Ava was telling him that Reimund was missing today!

This was something that had never happened in the previous, previous
cycle!

Upon seeing Lumian's expression, Ava's aqua-blue eyes cleared of
confusion.

"You really have no idea... Reimund's father may come to you today to
ask where Reimund has gone."

Lumian suppressed the tumultuous waves in his heart and asked, "When did
Reimund disappear?"

*Could it be that something happened because I didn't follow the
historical process of finding him?*

"Two days ago," Ava recalled. "It's said that he didn't return after
leaving the house in the afternoon of the 29th. His family assumed he
was at Ol' Tavern or chatting with the Greenwatchers. They only began
searching for him last night. They should be asking you today..."

She paused and lowered her voice.

"They suspect Reimund of sneaking away because he doesn't want to learn
how to shepherd."

*They think I instigated him, and are questioning me later?*
Lumian roughly understood what had happened.

The afternoon of the 29th reminded him of the beginning of the cycle.

The last two cycles had started on the afternoon of the 29th!

In other words, Reimund disappeared from the beginning of the cycle?
This means that perhaps no one deliberately changed the course of
history because it was too late... Then why is there such an anomaly and
difference? Lumian fell into deep thought.

Ava glanced at him and asked softly, "Do you know where Reimund went?"

"I haven't seen him in the past few days," Lumian said truthfully.

He began to suspect that Reimund's disappearance had something to do
with being thrown into the river during the previous, previous cycle.

However, it was impossible for Reimund to leave Cordu because of this.
That would trigger the loop.

After bidding farewell to Ava, Lumian forced himself to remain calm and
returned home.

He couldn't be bothered to discuss anything else. Initially, he divulged
Reimund's disappearance to Aurore.

Aurore's countenance turned solemn as she furrowed her brows and
whispered, "If you hadn't mentioned it, I would have completely
forgotten about this person..."

She donned a simple rose-red dress and paced back and forth. Lumian
began to contemplate potential reasons.

After a while, Aurore gazed at her brother and uttered solemnly, "I
recollect that the crux of the Lent Waterside ritual is to offer
sacrifices to the concept of a water source symbolized by the river. Is
it probable that Reimund, who was thrown into the water, was also
regarded as a sacrifice and was taken away by a certain entity?

"Subsequently, as there was no corresponding tangible reward, the cycle
portrayed his absence as a disappearance."

Lumian shook his head. "That will trigger the cycle."

Humans departing Cordu and the surrounding vicinity acted as a trigger.

Aurore asked in a profound voice, "What if it's in the form of a
corpse?"