---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1543
index: 74
section: vol1
slug: 74
title: Mute
---

## Chapter 74: Mute

His sister needed rest, so Lumian couldn't learn new Hermes and ancient
Hermes words. He could only revise what he had already learned. Around
ten o'clock, he left the house and headed straight to Ol' Tavern.

He had two objectives: first, he wanted to see if the mysterious lady
would appear after he became a Dancer and provide him with some
knowledge. Second, Leah and the other foreigners lived there. After
yesterday's incident, they might not be out today.

Upon entering Ol' Tavern, Lumian quickly scanned the room and was
disappointed to find that the spot where the lady usually sat was
vacant.

With a slow exhale, he walked to the bar counter, intending to ask if
the three foreigners were around.

At this moment, the tavern owner, Maurice Bénet, appeared to have just
woken up and was clearly not in high spirits. He had a bulbous nose and
was conversing with a customer at the bar.

The customer seemed agitated, gesturing wildly and making muffled
sounds, but he couldn't speak.

*Mute?* Lumian approached curiously and realized the customer
wasn't one of the village mutes but Jean Maury, Sybil Berry's husband.

Sybil was the mistress of Padre Guillaume Bénet, sister of Shepherd
Pierre Berry, and a member of their small group.

*Jean Maury isn't mute...* Lumian assessed the middle-aged man
in confusion.

His black hair was unkempt, and his stubble was uneven. His eyes were
filled with anger and fear.

Uncharacteristically agitated, he gestured urgently, trying to
communicate something to the tavern owner.

As Lumian thought, "Odd," he approached the bar counter and knocked on
it with a smile.

"Hey, what's going on?

"Maurice, did you sell fake alcohol to Jean? He looks so angry he can't
speak."

"What's that got to do with me?" Maurice Bénet quickly defended himself.
"He muted himself."

Jean Maury paused and glanced at Lumian, reverting to his usual sullen
demeanor.

He then turned and left Ol' Tavern.

After he disappeared through the door, Lumian lowered his voice and
asked, "What's wrong with him?"

Maurice Bénet looked outside and whispered, "I heard he caught Sybil and
the padre in bed together last night, and it made him so mad he went
mute. Today, he's been telling everyone he sees. Heh, he doesn't even
have the guts to go to Dariège to confront the padre. What a coward.
Serves him right!"

Lumian was baffled and shocked.

If he remembered correctly, Jean Maury knew about his wife Sybil's
prolonged affair with the padre. He just didn't want her to be with
another man. How could he be so angry that he went mute over something
he was prepared for?

Something was off!

Moreover, in the previous cycle, there had been no instance of Jean
Maury becoming mute from anger. Otherwise, Lumian would have known.

In Cordu, this was headline news. It would have spread rapidly.

*Could it be that their investigations had caused a disturbance, making
Jean Maury encounter something he wouldn't have otherwise? *As
Lumian speculated, he showed an excited expression.

"Is that so?

"Then I'll have to ask him properly!"

Maurice Bénet wasn't surprised by his eagerness for gossip, thinking it
was typical.

He scolded jokingly, "Damned kid, be decent and don't provoke that poor
man. Besides, he's mute and can't write. How can he tell you what
happened?"

Lumian chuckled and said, "Can't he gesture?"

He raised his hands and clenched his left fist, gently hitting his right
palm.

Throughout the Dariège region and even across southern Intis, this was a
universal gesture for the act between a man and a woman.

Maurice Bénet cursed angrily, "I hope you've got some decency left and
don't play pranks on that poor man."

"Don't worry. I just want to 'hear' the story." Lumian waved his hand
and dashed out of Ol' Tavern, searching for Jean Maury.

However, Lumian didn't know where the man had gone, nor was he gesturing
his story to other villagers. Lumian scoured Cordu but found no trace of
him.

Finally, he arrived at Jean Maury's house.

At the entrance, Sybil Berry, clad in a grayish-white dress, was sorting
through spoiled potatoes.

"What's the matter?" The woman looked up at Lumian.

Like Pierre Berry, she had blue eyes, and her long black hair flowed
softly down her back, unlike other married women who always wore their
hair in a bun.

Lumian answered frankly, "I'm looking for Jean Maury?"

With plump cheeks and gentle features, Sybil replied indifferently,"He's
not home."

"Then do you know where he went?" Lumian pressed.

Sybil replied calmly, "We had an argument last night. He might have left
Cordu and doesn't want to return for the time being."

Lumian's brows twitched. He sensed that something bad had happened.

Clearly, Jean Maury couldn't leave Cordu. That would trigger the cycle
and cause a restart!

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian wore a mischievous
grin.

"Why did you guys quarrel? I heard that you and the padre..."

He didn't finish the sentence but instead punched his right palm with
his left fist.

Sybil's face turned cold as she cursed in a low voice, "Get lost! Get
out of my house!"

Lumian clicked his tongue and left Jean Maury's house.

After walking for a distance, the smile on his face vanished.

In truth, he didn't want to ask about Sybil's affair with the padre. He
had seen the padre and Madame Pualis naked. What else was there to ask?

But if he didn't ask, it didn't fit his persona in the eyes of the
villagers. He had already "visited" them. If he didn't anger the
mistress of the house, could he still live up to the name of Prankster
King of Cordu?

Therefore, Lumian had no choice but to ask. Otherwise, he might be
suspected.

The persona of a character was sometimes useful and sometimes
troublesome.

Judging by the padre's actions and the information he had, Lumian
suspected that Jean Maury hadn't become mute because of the affair but
had uncovered something else.

It was highly likely that he had been poisoned and rendered mute!

*I have to find him as soon as possible. If he goes around looking for
people to complain to, he might just die like the previous one. No, he's
already missing...* The more Lumian thought about it, the more
he felt that something had happened to Jean Maury.

The villager who had snitched in Dariège previously had fallen to his
death for no reason!

Just as Lumian was making his last effort to find Jean Maury, he
encountered Ryan, Leah, and Valentine, who were "hanging around" in the
village.

They were still wearing their original clothes.

"Good morning, my cabbages," Lumian greeted them with a smile.

As soon as they approached, he immediately asked in a low voice, "Did
anything happen yesterday?"

Leah replied with a smile, "That madame doesn't seem to want to pursue
the matter. She didn't appear."

*As expected...* Lumian looked around and saw that there was no
one nearby. Only then did he tell the three official investigators about
his sister's deduction of the Madame Pualis pathway and her guess of
Pulitt's identity.

Valentine's expression soured as he listened, while Leah was rather
excited.

Ryan recalled and said, "It's rare for a Demoness to appear in Riston
Province. We don't know much about this, but the higher-ups should know
very well. I'll send a telegram later and tell them about Madame Pualis.
Hmm, I'll only mention how Madame Pualis's room has Pulitt's photo, but
the Roquefort family doesn't have Pualis."

Seeing Lumian's puzzled expression, Ryan added, "In Intis,
Demoness-related matters often happen."

So, my sister's pen pal is also in Intis? Lumian nodded and said, "So
far, Madame Pualis doesn't seem to have anything to do with the loop.
Also, she seems to be aware of the loop. That might be why she didn't
pursue our search of the castle.

"Is it possible that we can join forces with her to some extent?"

Valentine blurted out, "How can I work with such an evil and filthy
person who's even more terrifying than a demon?"

Lumian didn't even look at him. He turned his gaze to Ryan and Leah.

Seeing that they were somewhat hesitant, he tried to persuade them
earnestly.

"A limited cooperation, only in the loop. When this damned loop is
resolved, you can deal with her however you want! You can even tell her
directly about this. I believe she can understand and accept it."

Ryan thought for a few seconds, patted Valentine's shoulder, and said to
Lumian, "Indeed, the most important thing now is to resolve this loop.
However, we can't be sure of that madame's attitude. We don't dare to
visit her directly. I'm afraid we'll have to trouble you or your sister
to communicate with her and inquire."

"Alright," Lumian agreed.

He planned to do it himself.

He didn't want his sister to be alone with Madame Pualis when he
realized that she might harbor abnormal feelings for his sister.

Valentine kept a poker face as he listened to their conversation. He
neither agreed nor disagreed.

Lumian peered around furtively once more.

"There are three more clues..."

He recounted Reimund's case, Jean Maury's situation, and the "burial
chamber" where the owl had flown into.

Leah was stunned.

"How did you get so many clues so quickly?"

She even suspected this guy or his sister were off. That was why there
were red flags and clues everywhere.

*Who were the real investigators here? Why hadn't we caught on?*

"Blame yourselves for not remembering the first two cycles." Lumian
smirked, spreading his hands in mock innocence.

Leah nodded, swallowing his explanation.

Ryan mulled it over for a beat before uttering in a gravelly voice,
"Then we gotta investigate the cathedral catacombs ASAP. Yeah, it's
probably very dangerous down there. You should contact Madame Pualis
first. If she's down to joining, we'll have a way higher chance of
nailing this."