---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1547
index: 78
section: vol1
slug: 78
title: Traces
---

## Chapter 78: Traces

Lumian jumped in fright. It was too late to evade, so he could only
brace for the invisible force to crash upon him.

He instantly felt warmth, and valor flooded his body. It was as if the
sun had at last arrived in winter when he lacked clothes.

Other than that, he felt nothing peculiar. It was precisely the same as
the experience in the castle yesterday afternoon.

*Eh, as a Dancer, am I actually unscathed*? Lumian couldn't help
but swivel his head to glimpse the short Ryan and the terrifying Leah.
He realized that there was no black fog or smoke billowing from them.

Promptly after, Valentine, who was in the form of a figure of light,
conjured Holy Water Creation and let fall a few drops on Leah and Ryan.
However, the two of them retained their transformed semblances with no
signs of improvement.

"Purification and exorcism are futile?" Lumian asked.

He hoped to determine why it was possible and why not. Only then would
he, who had already received a boon, know what to evade or feign that
nothing had transpired when encountering something similar in the
future.

Ryan briefly explained to him, "Purification and exorcism aren't
omnipotent. The correspondent power is in the category of evil. For
instance, the aura of depravity and all undead. The last isn't
necessarily evil, but it's incompatible with the real world. It needs to
return to the spirit world, so it can still be purified and exorcized."

"Just like how our definition of an evil god is based on Their style of
acting, the power of an evil god isn't necessarily evil."

Lumian roughly fathomed and thoughtfully asked, "Inevitability's, uh,
power doesn't belong to evil, nor does it signify depravity?"

*So there is no way to purify or exorcize it?*

"Yes." Valentine had already affirmed this through his previous attempt.

*From the looks of it, it's normal for me to be able to withstand the
halo. But why can the holy water activate the black thorn symbol on my
chest and permit me to hear the terrifying sound? This is because the
corruption in the seal doesn't belong to me at the moment. It's
incompatible with my body, rendering my body impure. Therefore, it needs
to be purified? *Lumian made a guess.

He had wanted to use Shepherd Pierre Berry, who had already received a
boon, as an example to ask if the mutation of the body was also in the
category of evil and depravity, but the current situation was rather
urgent, so he didn't have the luxury to discuss the topic.

Lumian tried to walk to the basement door.

After taking two steps, he suddenly heard a buzzing sound in his ears.
He could vaguely hear a voice that seemed to come from an infinite
distance but also seemed to be right before him. However, it wasn't
clear enough and was very fuzzy. It only made his chest heat up slightly
and his mind enter a state of disorder.

This was very similar to when he saw Noodle Man dancing.

This made Lumian confirm that the black thorn symbol on his chest had
been partially activated.

He quickly pivoted around and gazed at Ryan, Leah, and Valentine, only
to find that they didn't react abnormally.

Lumian was immediately disheartened. He originally believed that the two
symbols on his chest could suppress and weaken Beyonders to a certain
extent, but from the looks of it, they could only target the monsters in
the dream ruins, especially those that had been bestowed by the owner of
the black thorn symbol.

Of course, he wasn't sure if fully activating the symbol on his chest
would affect the surrounding Beyonders.

"Has my condition changed?" he asked Leah and the others.

"No." Leah and the others shook their heads in unison.

Lumian nodded indistinctly and affirmed two things.

The first was the black thorn symbol on his chest, or rather, the evil
god corruption sealed in his body. It could indeed help him "resist" the
abnormality in the basement.

Secondly, luck was on his side. He was affected by the power of the
present.

After a few seconds, Lumian attempted to take a diagonal step forward.

The slight heat in his chest did not weaken, maintaining its previous
intensity.

"Any changes this time?" he asked Ryan and the others again.

Leah was the first to shake her head. "You're fine."

Lumian exhaled and muttered inwardly, *With the protection of the black
thorn symbol, I can move freely here. Shepherd Pierre Berry and company
should be the same...*

*Wait, the padre hasn't received any blessings yet. There's no thorn
symbol! How did he reach the altar unscathed?*

With this in mind, Lumian grasped something as he turned his gaze to the
ground.

With the help of Valentine's light, he saw many messy footprints that
ordinary humans couldn't see.

Apart from a small number of them, which were everywhere, they followed
a certain pattern and extended to the front of the altar.

Lumian immediately overlapped with the nearest footprint, and the slight
heat in his chest began to weaken.

This meant that he had returned to the present.

As expected, there's a safe route here that leads to the present! Lumian
suddenly became very happy. This was because the three powerful
Beyonders, Ryan, Leah, and Valentine, hadn't discovered it, and he, a
mere Hunter, had found it.

This reminded him of something his sister Aurore had said: *"Every
pathway has its strengths. Before becoming a demigod, Sequence 9 of some
paths might trump Sequence 5 of others in certain situations."*

Lumian had originally felt inferior and suppressed, useless before the
powerful Beyonders these past two days of exploration. Now, he'd
regained a good amount of confidence.

*Finding faint traces in reality is a Hunter's specialty. Can
you?*

Of course, Lumian didn't forget that Aurore added: *"But there are
pathways good at everything."*

He gathered his thoughts, turned around, and commanded Ryan, Leah, and
Valentine. "Take a step toward the altar at the same time."

Ryan and the others were clearly puzzled. They couldn't just trust
Lumian blindly without knowing why.

Lumian could only explain, "Look closely at the ground There are many
footprints marking a safe path left behind by the padre's group!"

Ryan, Leah, and Valentine, lacking Lumian's abilities, could barely see
a trace in the sun's dim light. They believed him.

They knew that in Intis, many Hunter pathway Beyonders had collaborated.
Some Sequences were skilled at detecting faint signs.

Following Lumian's guidance, they trekked the secure route.

Instantly, Lumian saw Ryan regain height, Valentine darken, and Leah's
face normalize.

They had returned to the present, no longer trapped in the past or
future.

Lumian easily rejoined the team on the safe route.

He grinned and said, "No more slip-ups. There may be no coming back if
anything else goes south."

He was mimicking Ryan's tone and felt it fit their current situation.

Typically, his attitude would've had him mocking them: *"Haha, are you
blind? Can't you see any of the obvious signs? Another mistake and
you're done for!"*

Leah touched her face and breathed a sigh of relief. "We're with you."

Lumian wasn't humble. He carefully picked out the footprints on the
ground and crept up to the altar.

It wasn't as straightforward as heading back just now since it didn't
matter if he took a wrong turn, but Ryan and the others couldn't.

This time, Leah's silver bells stayed silent.

Only once all four had reached the altar did they start ringing,
sometimes soothing, other times intense.

"It's dangerous, but we can find a way around it," Leah, experienced
enough, explained.

Ryan instantly nodded.

"Don't touch anything here for now. We'll just observe."

Lumian had already set his sights above the altar.

There was a depression at the bottom, as if hollowed out to hold
something. Inside were grayish-white candles, a small bottle of clear
liquid, and an unopened wooden box.

But the most striking item was a black object---a long robe with a hood.

In front, in the center of the circle, was a circular symbol made of
thorns.

Every part of it was twisted and pitch-black, as if painted with some
strange substance. It gave the feeling of slowly oozing.

Seeing the symbol, Lumian felt dizzy and ringing in his ears.

Ryan snorted, and a dawn-like light naturally emanated from him.

This helped Leah and Valentine suppress the mental confusion.

"Don't stare at that symbol too long," Ryan said in a deep voice.

Lumian quickly shifted his gaze aside.

The dizziness and ringing in his ears lessened.

That seems to be all for the altar. Lumian was about to suggest
searching the area when he heard Leah ask Ryan, "Will your Sunrise Gleam
activate the altar?"

*Huh?* Lumian whipped his head around and unconsciously looked
at the altar again.

*Ding ding ding.* Leah's veil and silver boots rang harshly, an
urgent warning.

In the same breath, the black altar robe leaped up as if inhabited by an
invisible being.

*Ooo! *A chill wind gusted. Lumian glimpsed transparent faces
under the hood---ferocious, warped heads radiating hatred. They swarmed
into a strange, terrifying gestalt.

Lumian recognized one face: pale, swollen, with blood and tears pooling
in its eyes. Reimund.

Lumian dodged behind Ryan, uninterested in a closer look.

"Save us! Save us!"

The translucent faces shrieked in unison. Their shrill cries pierced
Ryan and the others like needles, threatening to fell them.

Valentine was unmoved. Arms spread, he summoned a holy flame-wreathed
pillar of light from the sky. It landed over the black robe.

Light erupted. Lumian and Leah shut their eyes on instinct.