---
category: Volume 1
discussion: 1553
index: 84
section: vol1
slug: 84
title: Dirk
---

## Chapter 84: Dirk

Lumian broke the monsters in the dream ruins into three levels based on
how the flaming monster and the three-faced monster reacted when they
encountered him.

The lowest level ones acted on instinct alone. As soon as they saw him,
they would attack. When he activated or partially activated the black
thorn symbol on his chest, they would immediately give up and submit
fully to his mercy.

The higher level ones would hunt him down before he partially activated
the black thorn symbol. After he finished the sacrificial dance, they
would cunningly opt to escape. But they couldn't sense the existence of
the black thorn symbol beyond five meters. The flaming monster likely
only remained in fear and associated the corrupting aura from the seal
with Lumian.

At a certain level, Lumian didn't even need to activate or partially
activate the black thorn symbol on his chest, nor did they need to be
within five meters of Lumian for them to obviously feel his
"specialness" and show conspicuous dread.

Were there any other levels above these three? Lumian felt there should
be at least one, at most three. For instance, the kind that wouldn't
fear the partially activated black thorn symbol so much that they
immediately fled. They would persist in attacking despite significant
weakening. Or for example, the kind that were so high in level that they
wouldn't react to the black thorn symbol at all...

Therefore, while Lumian was delighted that he could scare off the
three-faced monster and seemed capable of doing whatever he wanted in
the dream ruins, he didn't dare to be careless.

Disregarding terrifying beings that might be higher in level than the
three-faced monster, just the flaming monster could incinerate him to
ashes without being impacted by the partially activated black thorn
symbol with its powerful long-range attack.

With this in mind, Lumian hesitated for a moment before stealthily
delving deeper into the dream ruins along the three-faced monster's
escape route. He planned to scout the blood-colored "peak" and
surrounding area today to gather information for the subsequent
unlocking of the dream's secret.

Along the way, he proceeded to a relatively concealed area less easily
discovered, on guard against any monsters that might suddenly burst out.

Perhaps because the three-faced monster had just passed by, frightening
off the other monsters, Lumian didn't see a single 'person.' He
successfully passed collapsed buildings and gray gravel everywhere and
arrived at the base of the blood-colored "peak."

There was still a circle of ruins, but unlike the outer layers, the
buildings here hadn't collapsed, but seemed to have completed a warped
reassembly as if they had a life of their own. They were interconnected,
as if a strange thorny city wall had been built.

The "wall" was dyed a faint grayish black. The windows and doors of the
original buildings were embedded messily on its surface. Some were open,
permitting one to see the shattered tables and chairs inside. Some were
tightly shut, as if they couldn't be pulled open.

Lumian scanned the area and gazed up at the blood-colored mountain
behind the city wall.

At this range, even with the heavy fog blanketing the sky and the dim
light filtering into this realm, Lumian could see every detail of the
mountain peak clearly.

It was made of rocks and soil, no more than 30 meters tall, but it gave
off a towering menace. The color on its surface was unnatural, neither
the brownish-red of the rocks nor the reddish-brown of the soil. They
seemed dyed at a later time, making it look sinister.

*According to Aurore's novels and paranormal magazines, this might be
dyed red by human blood...* Lumian thought. He raised his gaze
higher and higher, glancing at the peak shrouded in thick fog.

Suddenly, an unseen wind blew away some of the fog.

The peak came into view.

Sitting cross-legged was a giant four to five meters tall with three
heads.

"He" was naked and had three heads growing from "his" neck. One faced
left, revealing anger, greed, and hatred. Extremely evil. One faced
forward with a warped expression of pain and regret. The other faced
right, holy, with pity in its eyes.

The giant had six arms stretching out at odd angles. Its entire body,
including the three heads, was made of flesh and organ fragments
stitched together with pus flowing everywhere. Especially, transparent
blood-like tears dripped from the head facing Lumian.

Seeing the giant, Lumian's mind buzzed as he heard a terrifying voice
seeming infinitely far yet right beside him.

His head felt as if it had been split open with an axe, and intense
agony occupied his mind, robbing him of all thoughts.

Thick and thin blood vessels protruded from his body surface, so red
that they were about to be ignited.

When Lumian "woke up" from his near-death state, he realized that he was
curled up on the ground, rolling back and forth, as if this wasn't
enough to resolve the pain in his body.

His vision was blurry, stained with blood, and everything he saw was
misty.

In this state, Lumian felt that even the skinless monster could easily
kill him. However, perhaps because the black thorn symbol had been
completely activated, no "person" dared to enter this area.

As for the giant at the summit of the blood-colored mountain, it was
unknown if it couldn't leave or if it had been affected by the black
thorn symbol and hadn't attacked Lumian, who had nearly lost control.

After regaining his composure, Lumian stood up and noticed the linen
shirt beneath his dark-colored jacket stained with blood and sweat.

*What the hell was that?* The more he pondered it, the more
dread crept in.

With a mere glance, the black thorn symbol had flared to life and nearly
overpowered him. It posed an even greater threat than wielding the
Dancer's might.

He dared not recall the giant's visage, only deduce what he could from
fractured impressions.

*An advanced variant of the three-faced monster?*

*Sheer corruptive influence?*

*Aurore was right, there are sights not meant to be seen...*

*It occupies the crimson mountaintop, the heart of this dreamscape in
ruins... Does that signify it's integral to the dream's
mysteries?*

"..."

As his thoughts raced, Lumian forced down the urge to gaze up at the
mountain's summit.

If he took another look, it would spell certain death!

He resolved to withdraw for now and return to the real world to recover.
He would resume his exploration at night.

Lumian spun on his heel, ready to retrace his steps out of here, when a
sudden clanging caught his ear.

*What's that? *Curiosity seized him, and he devised a plan to
sidle over for a peek.

Of course, he would proceed judiciously, not hastily or rashly. He
tucked himself into a half-collapsed building facing the city wall to
recoup his spirituality.

After a time, Lumian again performed the mysterious sacrificial dance.

He seemed to morph into a high priest of the hidden existence,
gratifying that existence with movements that could marshal the ambient
forces of nature.

When a burning sensation flared in his chest, Lumian halted and honed in
on the intermittent clanging.

Skirting the blood-hued mountain crest and dilapidated city wall,
dancing anew, he spied an orange glimmer through a half-open
brownish-red wooden door in the 'wall.'

A flickering orange flame shone behind a half-open wooden door.

*Clang! Clang! Clang!*

The figure in the room was reflected in a grimy, diagonal glass window
above. It looked humanoid, but too spindly in the dim light.

In that moment, the figure raised a hammer-like object and smashed it
down with formidable might.

*Clang!*

Another metallic clash rang out, crisp and ominous.

*A blacksmith? There's a blacksmith in these ruins?* Lumian
guessed, relying on his knowledge.

Trusting that the thorn emblem on his chest hadn't vanished yet, he
dropped into a crouch and darted to the glass. He turned and peered in.

Though Lumian's eyes weren't healed, and his vision unclear, he could
just make out the scene beyond the city wall.

Shattered furniture and debris littered the space. In the center was a
stove, its top half gone, housing a fire. On top, an iron plate cobbled
together, mismatched.

A pewter-black dirk lay on the plate, twice as long as a normal dagger,
strange patterns coating its surface. Just looking at it made Lumian
dizzy.

*Clang!*

The figure pounded the dirk like a skilled blacksmith, hammer blows
ringing out in a steady beat.

'He' wore a black robe, decay marring the side of its face visible to
Lumian, even revealing bone in places.

*Another monster? Is it picking up where it left off when it was still
human? That dirk isn't run-of-the-mill. It's a tad sinister. I wonder if
it's a Sealed Artifact or a Beyonder weapon*, Lumian thought.

He was less than three meters from the rotting 'blacksmith,' but the
other party didn't seem to detect the black thorn symbol on his chest.
'He' kept pounding the dirk in silence.

Given that the black thorn symbol was about to vanish, Lumian recoiled
and tiptoed away from the window.

He had only taken a few steps when the searing sensation in his chest
disappeared.

The next moment, a creaking sound came from behind him.

Lumian whipped around and saw the mahogany door swing open.

The black-robed 'blacksmith' emerged. There were four or five putrid
gashes on 'his' face that bared its bones. Half of 'his' left eyeball
dangled from its eye socket. It looked like a corpse that had been dead
for some time.

'He' clutched the hammer in 'his' right hand and the pewter-black dirk
in 'his' left. Lumian's reflection glinted in 'his' lifeless eyes.

"Fuck!"

Lumian couldn't help cursing.

He instantly grasped the situation.

The 'blacksmith' monster had clearly been influenced by the black thorn
symbol, so 'he' had been 'quietly' pounding the malicious dirk, feigning
nonchalance.

When the black thorn symbol disappeared, 'he' immediately seized 'his'
weapon and emerged to hunt him.

*How cunning!*