---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1589
index: 120
section: vol2
slug: 120
title: Lunatic's Ravings
---

## Chapter 120: Lunatic's Ravings

Anthony Reid regarded Lumian coolly and inquired, "What's the problem?"

"I heard from Pavard that you're a reliable information broker." Lumian
quickly disclosed his source to avoid wasting time on mutual probing.

With his plump face, Anthony Reid nodded knowingly and gestured towards
a chair at the center of the room.

"What information do you need? Or rather, what information would you
like me to uncover?"

Lumian felt a twinge of unease as he faced Anthony Reid, who exuded an
air of honesty and dependability. He took a seat and stated succinctly,
"I'm searching for two individuals."

"Names, appearances, and distinguishing features." Anthony Reid shot a
glance at Lumian's left hip.

Lumian reflected for a moment before answering, "One is Guillaume Bénet,
formerly a padre of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church. The other is Pualis
de Roquefort. Over a month ago, she arrived in Trier with her husband,
Béost, their butler Louis Lund, and her lady's maid, Cathy.

"I don't have any pictures of them. All I can tell you is that Guillaume
Bénet has short black hair and blue eyes. He possesses a solemn demeanor
and strong ambitions. His most notable feature is his aquiline nose.
Pualis has long, brown hair and bright brown eyes. Her eyebrows are
lighter and thinner, and she exudes an elegant yet alluring aura..."

Anthony Reid listened intently before rising from his chair. He crossed
the room to a wooden table near the window, opened a drawer, and
retrieved a stack of white paper and a sharpened pencil.

In no time, he sketched two portraits.

"See if these resemble them." Anthony Reid handed the sketches to
Lumian.

Lumian inspected the drawings and was struck by their vivid, lifelike
quality. Aside from the absence of color, they were nearly
indistinguishable from photographs.

He looked up at Anthony Reid in astonishment, remarking, "Uncanny. How
can you reproduce their likeness so accurately based on my brief
description?"

He had assumed Anthony Reid would draft several sketches for him to
review before finalizing the portraits.

Anthony Reid cracked a rare smile.

"I recreated the images from the official wanted posters.

"The authorities are searching for them as well."

*No wonder...* Suddenly, it all made sense to Lumian.

Both Padre Guillaume Bénet and Madame Pualis were devotees of evil gods
who had been granted boons. Once Ryan and his companions reported the
situation, it was bound to attract the necessary attention!

With this realization, Lumian's disquiet grew.

I must be wanted too... Did Anthony Reid see my portrait? Does he
recognize me? Trying to maintain his composure, Lumian queried the
information broker, "I'm not surprised. I want to know the value of
their bounties."

"Guillaume Bénet has a bounty of 20,000 verl d'or. Each piece of
information is worth 500 verl d'or. The same goes for Pualis," Anthony
Reid replied nonchalantly.

Lumian smirked. "If you uncover any useful information, you can cash in
on the bounty twice."

He was implying that Anthony could claim one share from the authorities
and another from him.

Anthony nodded in agreement.

"I'll take your assignment. 500 verl d'or, with 100 upfront.

"These are my terms. If you can't accept them, find another information
broker or bounty hunter."

Lumian knew there was no room for negotiation. He could only nod
slightly and concede, "No problem."

Just as he was about to hand over the money, a gunshot suddenly erupted
from outside the window.

Anthony Reid's entire body shuddered as if confronted with his mortal
nemesis. He instinctively ducked beneath the wooden table for cover.

Lumian was taken aback.

*Wasn't this reaction a bit extreme? Wasn't this typical of life in Rue
Anarchie?*

Gunshots, brawls, and large-scale skirmishes were commonplace here.
Those who lived in this area should have adapted by now, only needing to
steer clear of the windows to avoid stray bullets.

Before long, the commotion died down.

Anthony Reid took a few seconds to regain his composure before emerging
from under the table.

He offered Lumian a sheepish grin and explained, "I apologize. A few
years back during the war, I suffered from post-traumatic stress on the
battlefield and had no choice but to retire and return to Trier."

*Then why choose to live in Rue Anarchie, where gunfire was a regular
occurrence?* Lumian didn't press further. He had no interest in
Anthony Reid's psychological issues.

He withdrew a 50-verl d'or note and gently traced his finger over the
image of Levanx, the bustling commercial streets, and the silhouettes of
passing merchants.

Feeling the remaining texture, Lumian handed the grayish-blue banknote,
two Louis d'or, and two five-verl coins engraved with the Sunbird to
Anthony Reid.

His wallet felt a third lighter, and he couldn't shake the sense of
money slipping through his fingers.

As he examined the Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman behind the
banknotes, Anthony Reid bent his finger and flicked the surface to
verify its authenticity under the sunlight.

Satisfied, he pocketed the money and inquired, "Do you want to check in
with me periodically for updates, or should I have an address? If I come
across any information, I can drop it off at your place."

"I'm in room 207." Lumian knew he couldn't conceal his stay at the
Auberge du Coq Doré from Anthony Reid, so he provided his room number.

Upon leaving Room 305, Lumian's expression grew increasingly solemn as
he muttered to himself, *I need to be extra cautious in the coming days
to prevent Anthony Reid from betraying me... Perhaps I should find an
opportunity to demonstrate my strength in front of him, convincing him
that I won't let any transgressions go unpunished.*

As Lumian mulled over his thoughts, he made his way towards the stairs.

Suddenly, he heard someone exclaiming, laughing, and sobbing, "I'm
dying, I'm dying!"

Lumian glanced in the direction of the voice and spotted a man squatting
by the door of Room 310.

The man wore a filthy linen shirt and yellow pants. His unkempt black
hair cascaded down to his shoulders.

At that moment, he clutched his head with both hands and stared at the
ground, repeatedly muttering,

"I'm dying, I'm dying!"

His voice oscillated between fear and insanity.

The occasionally lucid madman that Charlie mentioned? Lumian sized him
up for a few seconds, leaned in, and asked curiously, "Why do you think
you're about to die? Do you have a terminal illness?"

Without raising his head, the man continued to yell, "I'm dying, I'm
dying!"

Lumian smirked and strode past him into Room 310, its wooden door flung
wide open.

The room's layout mirrored his own in 207. It was relatively tidy, save
for the inevitable bugs that couldn't be evicted.

Lumian's gaze swept over the kerosene lamp, a multitude of books,
fountain pens, suitcases, and other belongings. The madman stood up and
declared in a daze, "This is my territory."

"I know," Lumian replied with a grin. "But if you're about to die and
you don't have any children or relatives, why not use your inheritance
to help poor neighbors like us?"

He observed that the madman was only in his late twenties. His bushy,
black beard had been left unshaven for who knows how long, causing his
blue eyes to appear as if they were buried deep within a forest.

The madman stared blankly for a few moments before clutching his hair
and screaming in anguish, "They're all dead. They're all dead! I saw the
Montsouris ghost. They're all dead. I'm about to die too!"

*The Montsouris ghost? *Lumian finally heard something distinct
from the madman.

He had deliberately provoked the other man to see if he could elicit a
different reaction.

The positive feedback made him feel as if he were making progress with
digesting the potion.

One of the acting principles of a Provoker is that provocation is only a
means and not an end? Lumian studied the madman thoughtfully and
inquired, "Why would the Montsouris ghost cause them to die and push you
to death's door?"

The madman lowered his head and mumbled, "Anyone who sees the Montsouris
ghost will die. Their family will die too. They'll die within a year!"

Is this the madman's delusion, or did something like this actually
happen? If so, was it a curse? Lumian prodded,

"Where did you encounter the Montsouris ghost?"

"Underground, underground! It's beneath the market district!" The madman
crouched down again, his back pressed against the wall as he hugged his
trembling body.

*The underworld beneath the market district? Couldn't he just report it
to the two Churches and have them send people to eradicate the unclean
beings?* Lumian mused silently.

Seeing that the madman had reverted to his "I'm dying, I'm dying" state,
he abandoned his pursuit of the matter, exited Room 310, and descended
the stairs.

Tomorrow was Sunday. Lumian planned to visit the Mason café in Quartier
du Jardin Botanique at noon to familiarize himself with the area. In the
afternoon, he'd head to the underground cemetery to see if Osta had
received a "reply" from the gathering's organizer.

The alleys around Rue Anarchie were cluttered with obstacles made of
rocks, wood, branches, and assorted debris. Even on the main road, one
could stumble upon them from time to time. However, there was already a
path wide enough for two carriages to pass through.

These were called street barricades, and they could be found in many
districts. Some bore the marks of smoke and fire, while others still had
remnants of dried blood. They were a unique feature of Trier,
contrasting starkly with the pedestrian streets of the arcade.

Lumian stepped over a low point at the edge of a barricade, emerged from
the dim alley, and entered the street.

He then made his way towards the public carriage sign, intending to take
such transportation to Quartier du Jardin Botanique.

As he walked, Lumian spotted numerous vagrants lying in corners, basking
in the sun and picking at lice. All were filthy, gaunt, and devoid of
energy.

This brought back memories of his own days as a vagrant.

Unlike the Loen Kingdom, which prohibited vagrants from sleeping on
streets and in parks, the Intis Republic had no such rules in place.
However, they were forbidden from entering fee-paying establishments or
private venues. They often mocked Loen for its lack of culture.

Lost in thought, Lumian's eyes narrowed.

He sensed someone was tailing him!