---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1609
index: 140
section: vol2
slug: 140
title: Painting
---

## Chapter 140: Painting

*The situation bears a resemblance to Charlie's case, but with a crucial
difference: these victims are all women, while Charlie is a
man...*

*Could it be that the strange entity believed to be Susanna Mattise
isn't constrained by gender? Or is there another, male counterpart to
the creature?*

*The latter seems more probable, given that all three victims in Aunett
were female and no males had been targeted.*

*Yes, there are distinctions between the three women and Charlie. None
of them had a partner, either openly or secretly, and Charlie had become
Madame Alice's lover not long after invoking Susanna Mattise. If that
hadn't happened, would he have met the same fate as the three victims,
drained of life by overindulgence?*

*Had Madame Alice been a sacrificial substitute? Or had that been merely
the beginning?*

Lumian pieced together a theory based on the information provided by the
man with the painted face.

He hoped the authorities would take this case seriously and not rest
until Susanna Mattise had been utterly vanquished.

As for whether the authorities would suspect Beyonders hiding among
Charlie's friends due to the letter, Lumian wasn't too concerned. He had
intentionally obscured Charlie's information and circumstances in the
letter, even inserting a small mistake in a seemingly insignificant
detail. The writer appeared to harbor a deep grudge against Susanna
Mattise, having tracked her for an extended period, and sought to use
Charlie's situation to enlist the help of the authorities for revenge.
As a result, the focus was more on Susanna Mattise's issue, with a
limited understanding of Charlie.

After the assembled participants discussed the strange case in Aunett,
Mr. K's attendant unveiled an object shrouded in a black cloth.

Another attendant introduced, "This is a painting from a friend of one
of our participants.

"He was a fellow Beyonder who met an untimely and bizarre end two months
ago. Before his death, he created this painting."

With a swift motion, the attendant removed the black cloth, revealing
the deceased Beyonder's final masterpiece.

The oil painting was a riot of vivid colors, weaving a surreal and
mesmerizing scene.

Towering green weeds reached for the heavens, a golden sun lay hidden in
a well, a blood-red river cascaded from the sky, shadowy figures danced,
and white skulls coalesced into clouds...

Merely glancing at the painting left Lumian feeling disoriented.

The attendant who had introduced the painting elaborated, "This artwork
bears a potent psychic imprint. It affects the minds of all who view it,
inducing confusion and vertigo to varying degrees. Prolonged exposure
could even result in mental illness.

"According to the letters and diary entries left by the painting's
creator, it may hold clues to the essence of reality and the origins of
mysticism.

"This could also be the key to understanding the true nature of his
strange demise.

"Any participant interested in studying the painting can negotiate a
price."

*You want to sell something like this for money? I wouldn't take it even
if you offered it for free! *Lumian grumbled internally, tearing
his gaze away.

He wanted nothing to do with anything that concealed the truth, essence,
or origin of the world. As Aurore had once said, one shouldn't look at
or study things one shouldn't see or understand.

Lumian's interests lay solely in Beyonder characteristics, potion
formulas, mystical items, Beyonder weapons, or valuable mysticism
knowledge.

It was apparent that most of the gathering's participants were reluctant
to spend money on such a foreboding painting shrouded in mystery.
Ultimately, Mr. K's attendant put it away, once again veiling it with
the black cloth.

Following that, the gathering transitioned into an open discussion
stage. Attendees engaged in casual conversation about rumors and
legends, careful to hide any details of their true identities.

At 10:15, Mr. K declared the gathering over, and the participants
dispersed in groups.

As he departed, Lumian detected the organizer sizing him up,
scrutinizing his every move.

*Will he send someone to follow and investigate me? *Lumian
couldn't help but wonder.

Rather than being concerned, he was eager for it to happen.

Aside from occasionally summoning a messenger, his behavior was
unremarkable. He could withstand any scrutiny!

As long as he refrained from contacting Madam Magician, Lumian believed
Mr. K would soon receive an almost entirely truthful report---Ciel, a
wild Beyonder lacking common sense in many areas, was suspected to hail
from Cordu and sought Guillaume Bénet and his associates. He was also a
wanted man.

In this scenario, if Lumian demonstrated his skills and extreme
attitude, it wouldn't be long before he received an invitation from Mr.
K to join his ranks and become a part of the organization behind him.

Sometimes, "inadvertently" revealing one's vulnerabilities and true
circumstances was an effective means of gaining trust.

With that, Lumian and Osta found a concealed corner at 19 Rue Scheer,
where they removed their disguises before returning to Le Marché du
Quartier du Gentleman.

As he made his way towards Rue Anarchie, Lumian's brow furrowed in
confusion.

He hadn't noticed anyone tailing him.

*Is it because Mr. K has no plans to investigate me, or had the person
shadowing me been so skilled and uniquely gifted that I had failed to
detect their presence?* Lumian pondered the possibilities but
ultimately pushed them to the back of his mind.

In any case, he wouldn't fear an investigation, unless Mr. K was in
league with the Poison Spur Mob.

Upon entering Auberge du Coq Doré, Lumian noted that he was still early.
He crossed the now pristine lobby and descended into the basement bar.

Before he could take in the scene, Charlie's exuberant voice reached his
ears.

"Can you believe it? Just three hours ago, I was at police headquarters,
accused of murder. Now, here I am, drinking and singing with all of you!

"Ladies and gentlemen, I've had an incredible experience like no other.
I bet none of you can top it..."

The apprentice attendant leaped onto a small round table, beer bottle in
hand, and addressed the surrounding patrons.

His short brown hair was disheveled, as if it hadn't been tended to in
days, and stubble was evident around his mouth.

*Already?* Lumian had anticipated it would take Charlie another
two or three days to be released.

Spotting Lumian from the table, Charlie waved his short arm and called
out to the crowd, "I'll share that even stranger encounter with you all
later!"

Donning a linen shirt and black pants, he hopped off the table and
jogged to the bar counter, beer bottle in hand. He took a seat beside
Lumian and said to the ponytailed bartender, Pavard Neeson, "A glass of
absinthe! Thank you."

Turning to Lumian, he said, "This one's on me."

Lumian accepted the offer with a calm smile.

"You're looking pretty good."

"Of course. At least I don't have to worry about being hanged. I'd hate
for thousands to gather around me as I die, considering how nobody cares
about me when I'm alive," Charlie said, relief evident on his face.

Trier's citizens reveled in witnessing the execution of death row
inmates.

Whenever someone faced the gallows or a firing squad, the streets would
overflow with onlookers.

In the classical era before Emperor Roselle, there even existed a custom
centered around this fascination: En route from the prison to the
gallows, if any bystander agreed to marry the condemned, their sentence
would be commuted, reduced, or even entirely absolved.

"Are you completely fine?" Lumian inquired further.

Charlie took a swig of beer and scanned the room. Lowering his voice, he
said, "I can't divulge the specifics. I signed a pledge, a notarized
pledge. You can't imagine how powerful that is..."

Charlie caught himself and continued, "The only downside is that I've
lost my job again. That blasted foreman thinks I've tarnished the
hotel's image. No matter. I'll pawn the diamond necklace tomorrow. The
officers have already returned it to me. That money will tide me over
for quite some time. I can treat the café waiters on Rue des Blouses
Blanches to drinks. I'll surely find a better job!"

He wanted to add, "Let's go together when the time comes," but recalling
Ciel's nerve and capabilities, he quietly discarded the idea.

Lumian sipped the absinthe the bartender had slid his way and gestured
for Charlie to join him in an empty corner.

Once certain that the noise around them was sufficient to drown out
their conversation and that no one was eavesdropping, Lumian asked, "Has
the situation with Susanna Matisse been resolved?"

"I don't know." Charlie shook his head. "They did a lot of things, but I
can't tell you."

"Did they promise to provide protection for a period of time?" Lumian
asked thoughtfully.

Charlie replied awkwardly, "I can't tell you."

Lumian grinned, retorting, "Seems like there is."

If they hadn't promised protection, the corresponding words wouldn't
exist and wouldn't be restricted by the confidentiality pledge.

"Uh..." Charlie hadn't expected Ciel to guess so accurately.

Lumian inquired, "Did they tell you anything? Share what you can."

Charlie pondered for a moment and said, "They told me not to panic if I
had that dream again. I'm to head to the nearest cathedral after dawn.
You don't know about the Eternal Blazing Sun's cathedral, do you? I'm
now a true believer of the Eternal Blazing Sun!"

Lumian expressionlessly raised his right hand and traced a triangle on
his chest.

"..." Charlie fell silent.

After drinking with Charlie, Lumian returned to Room 207 and continued
studying Aurore's grimoire.

He washed up before midnight, lay on the bed, and drifted off to sleep.

*Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!*

Lumian was jolted awake by an insistent knocking on the door.

*Who could it be?* Frowning, he gripped Fallen Mercury and
cautiously approached the door, cracking it open.

Charlie stood outside.

Still clad in a linen shirt, black pants, and strapless leather shoes,
his face was ashen and fear-stricken.

Upon seeing Lumian, he appeared to regain his composure. Nearly losing
control of his voice, he stammered in terror, "I dreamed of that woman
again!"