---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1612
index: 143
section: vol2
slug: 143
title: Lie
---

## Chapter 143: Lie

Having briefly outlined the nature and territorial tendencies of
malevolent spirits, the woman known as Magician continued,

"Though Susanna Mattise's power is on par with a Sequence 5, it's not
impossible for you to handle her. You could use the dirk on Charlie and
swap your fate of encountering the Montsouris ghost with his. After the
Montsouris ghost kills Susanna Mattise, you can transfer the fate of
encountering it back into the knife.

"Alright, that was a joke. This plan has far too many uncertainties.
It's virtually impossible to pull off.

"Firstly, the Montsouris ghost might only kill those who come across it.

"Secondly, even if the Montsouris ghost does kill Susanna Mattise, you
won't know. You wouldn't be able to change fate in time without
affecting Charlie.

"Thirdly, Charlie shouldn't be an orphan. His parents and siblings might
still be alive. No one knows if the Montsouris ghost will leave Trier to
kill.

"Fourthly, the Montsouris ghost might not be able to kill Susanna
Mattise.

"Fifthly, Charlie himself admitted that he and Susanna are mystically
bound as husband and wife.

"I'm saying all of this mainly to discourage you from going down that
path. Using Charlie as a 'hostage' suggests that you're inclined to take
such risks.

"Actually, this situation presents both a crisis and an opportunity.

"For you, the best solution is to ask Mr. K for help in dealing with the
threat posed by Susanna Mattise.

"Remember, asking for help is an effective way to build relationships
and earn someone's trust. Of course, the other party must be willing and
capable.

"You can showcase your potential and make Mr. K see that you're
valuable.

"I wish you the best of luck. I hope you can quickly gain Mr. K's
initial trust and join that organization."

Lumian's initial reaction to the letter was that Madam Magician tended
to ramble and digress. She seemed to enjoy finding lofty excuses and
often entertained far-fetched notions bordering on absurdity. This
contrasted sharply with Madame Hela's succinct and polished reply.

*This writing style must be Madam Magician's trademark...*
Lumian pursed his lips, summoned his spiritual energy, and ignited a
flame, burning the paper in his hand.

After reading the two letters, he discarded the idea of using Fallen
Mercury to resolve his issue with Susanna Mattise. Their fates had been
entwined for more than just a brief moment. It couldn't be as simple as
erasing the fate of encountering the Montsouris ghost.

In comparison, seeking Mr. K's assistance was indeed an effective
solution Lumian hadn't considered.

This could quickly bridge the gap between him and Mr. K, fulfilling
Madam Magician's mission.

After contemplating for a moment and determining how to approach Mr. K
and demonstrate his worth, Lumian changed into a grayish-blue worker's
uniform, put on a dark-blue cap, and left Room 207.

Upon reaching the ground floor, Lumian saw Charlie lingering near the
entrance, wearing a linen shirt and black pants.

"What are you up to?" he asked with a grin.

Charlie forced a smile.

"Ciel, can you come with me to the pawnshop? I'll treat you to breakfast
and lunch!"

The establishment's official name was Pawnbroker Shop or Pawnshop
Company.

"To the pawnshop?" Lumian sidled up to Charlie and lowered his voice.
"Are you alright?"

Charlie glanced around and gave a bitter smile.

"They said there's no problem this time. Susanna, that evil spirit, has
been purified.

"Whether there's an issue or not, life has to go on. Haha, I heard that
from a hotel guest. Sounds pretty sophisticated, right?

"Anyway, for people like us, a day without work puts us on the brink of
financial ruin. We'd soon be hungry again. I have to pawn the diamond
necklace for cash. You know, only cash gives people a sense of security.
Clothes and jewelry can't do that. Even food is lacking!"

At this point, Charlie's excitement grew.

"Madame Alice said the necklace is worth 1,500 verl d'or. If I pawn it,
I should get around 1,000.

"My god. I've never seen 1,000 verl d'or before. Even if I become an
attendant foreman, it'd take me years, maybe more than a decade, to save
that much!

"When it's time, we'll have lunch at a café on Rue des Blouses Blanches.
I want DuVar broth, coarse salt beef in red wine sauce, and apple
tenderloin!"

Did you learn nothing else at Hôtel du Cygne Blanc, just the names of
dishes? Lumian grumbled and asked thoughtfully, "You want me to protect
you?"

Charlie laughed.

"I'd be scared carrying that much money alone. Ciel, you might not have
had that experience yet---thinking everyone's a thief who'll rob you on
the streets.

"I felt that way when I got the necklace. I was so nervous, I nearly
passed out. Can you imagine?"

"Yes." Lumian smiled. "I probably won't have that experience. Not now,
not ever, because I'm the one who makes others think I want to rob
them."

Take Margot, for example, who had just forked over more than 1,000 verl
d'or, nearly enough to buy the diamond necklace!

Charlie's smile froze.

After a few seconds, he forced a smile and said, "That's why I want you
to come with me to the pawnshop."

He had seriously doubted Ciel's means of making money. His neighbor was
clearly capable and smart, but he wasn't rushing to find a job. He
roamed around daily, seemingly without money troubles, but lived at
Auberge du Coq Doré, not Hôtel du Cygne Blanc.

Remembering how Ciel had posed as a lawyer to infiltrate the police
station, provided vital information, and helped him survive Susanna
Mattise's threat, Charlie felt it was a small concern.

*Even if Ciel's a thief, robber, or con artist, he's one who risked his
life to help me!*

Pleased with Charlie's apprehensive expression, Lumian asked, grinning,
"Which pawnshop are you going to?"

"I heard the pawnshops in Quartier de l'Observatoire offer better
prices." Charlie had already decided.

Lumian nodded.

"I'm actually headed to Quartier de l'Observatoire."

He planned to ask Osta Trul for Mr. K's contact information.

Charlie was thrilled. He spent a whopping 1 verl d'or to treat Lumian to
a barbecue pie, cream bun, and plum wine. Naturally, this included his
own portion.

Lumian graciously accepted.

Exiting Rue Anarchie, Charlie winced when he saw Lumian heading straight
for the public carriage sign.

He glanced around, making sure no one was nearby, and whispered,

"Last night, you said your blade was called the Cursed Blade. Will
anyone cut by it really have their entire family die?"

Before meeting Susanna Mattise, Charlie never believed in such things.
Even if he had heard about them, they were just fodder for boasting and
tall tales. But now, he couldn't help but wonder if Ciel truly wielded a
mystical weapon.

Lumian turned to Charlie and grinned.

"Want to give it a try?"

Charlie shuddered and smiled sheepishly. "I believe you."

"Do you? Well, I was just bluffing Susanna Mattise last night. I'm just
an ordinary guy. If I hadn't, I'd be dead!" Lumian said, still smiling.
"Doesn't the Cursed Blade story I made up ring a bell? You've heard of
the Montsouris ghost legend when that maniac was having his bout of
clarity, right?"

Charlie's eyes widened in realization.

*That's it! It's a spin on the Montsouris ghost legend!*

*Ciel is a master of deception. An ordinary person managed to fool that
malevolent spirit, Susanna Mattise, and saved our lives!*

*I only spin tall tales in bars and occasionally lie. I can't even begin
to compare to him.*

*He's got guts and smarts. A person like that is destined to make it
big!*

Seeing that Charlie genuinely believed the lie he'd just spun, Lumian
did his best to keep a straight face.

He asked earnestly, "Are your parents still alive? Do you have
siblings?"

"..." Charlie was taken aback and leaped to the side like a spooked
rabbit. "Why do you ask?"

*Could it be that the Cursed Blade is real? Is he trying to figure out
which family members I have?*

Lumian couldn't contain his laughter anymore.

"You're not actually scared, are you? Aren't you too easily pranked?"

Charlie slapped his forehead, exasperated with the thought of the Idiot
Instrument.

He couldn't distinguish which of Ciel's words were false and which were
true.

However, after being pranked, he felt even more certain that the Cursed
Blade was fake and based on the Montsouris ghost legend.

*Ciel loves using such fabrications to fool others, just like the Idiot
Instrument.*

*Hmm... The Cursed Blade story is a good one. Now that it's mine, I'll
use it at the bar tonight to spook people!*

The two of them arrived at Quartier de l'Observatoire in a public
carriage. Charlie asked for directions several times before finally
finding Phil's Pawnbroker Shop.

Housed in a seven-story off-white building, it featured pillars, arches,
relief sculptures, and large windows.

Etched above the grand entrance were the words: "Freedom, equality,
fraternity"

*Freedom to pawn any item; equality to discriminate against anyone who
comes to pawn something? Fraternity to seize every opportunity to
lowball prices?* Lumian couldn't help but criticize.

How ridiculous for a pawnshop to carve the Republic's political slogan
on their door?

Inside the hall, there were several counters, with rows of benches in
front of them.

At the moment, dozens of people sat there, waiting for the clerk to
appraise their items and call their number.

Charlie easily found an empty counter and handed over the diamond
necklace. He received a slip with the item's name and corresponding
number for appraisal.

Soon, Charlie's number was called from the counter.

He walked over with anticipation, only to return looking as if his
spirit had been crushed.

Lumian, who was browsing newspapers in the hall, asked in confusion,
"What's wrong?"

Charlie spoke in a daze, his voice tinged with disappointment, "That
necklace, that necklace is a fake. It's only worth 12 verl d'or..."