---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1619
index: 150
section: vol2
slug: 150
title: Voice
---

## Chapter 150: Voice

When Lumian first gained the mysticism knowledge, he had placed high
hopes on the Exorcism Spell. It appeared to be the perfect solution to
deal with Susanna Mattise---provided she hadn't been entirely wiped out
by the official Beyonders.

But it was only upon truly grasping the Exorcism Spell did Lumian come
to the sobering realization that his jubilation had been premature.

The ritualistic spell was capable of banishing wraiths and even evil
spirits, preventing them from tormenting a soul. But it came with two
caveats. First, he needed to know the specter's real name and possess a
personal item she'd held dear in life. Second, he needed ample time to
conduct the ritual.

That second condition meant the Exorcism Spell was a no-go in the heat
of battle. It was better suited for situations like Charlie's, haunted
by constant dreams of Susanna Mattise, plagued by wraiths or evil
spirits, but not on the brink of death.

Lumian, however, hadn't been physically hurt by Susanna Mattise, just
targeted. The Exorcism Spell needed a victim, and without one, he
couldn't banish her.

When Susanna Mattise made her next move, Lumian knew she wouldn't be
playing nice. She'd leech his energy through erotic dreams, leading him
slowly but surely towards his demise. Given her prior displays of venom
and paranoia, she was sure to strike directly, unleashing her
supernatural arsenal to kill on contact.

In such a scenario, Lumian wouldn't have a chance to wield the Exorcism
Spell unless someone could buy him a few minutes.

*Should I turn to the official Beyonders for help? But that would expose
me to the authorities, causing a world of trouble down the
line...*

*Or perhaps Charlie could play the martyr, soothing Susanna Mattise with
heartfelt words of love, buying time in the flesh? The longer he held
out, the better Lumian's odds of completing the Exorcism Spell... Heh
heh, a bizarre thought that's like underground literature*,
Lumian mused quietly.

Though the current mantra of the Intis Republic was 'freedom,' it was a
far cry from true liberty.

On the one hand, they wanted to quash the nostalgia of Roselle's
followers and the Carbonari's revolutionary impulses. Opposition
threatened the ruling party's authority. On the other hand, they faced
the traditionalist Church of the God of Steam and Machinery and the
Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun. The Intis Republic's censorship of
publications was heavy-handed.

They'd even plant spies or groom authors as double agents to keep an eye
on influential content creators, ensuring they didn't tarnish the ruling
party's image or produce content deemed too explicit or blasphemous for
the wider readership.

But with every prohibition came violations. Trier spawned a thriving
underground literary scene that reached beyond its borders.

Aurore once, driven by curiosity, bought a few such books. She forbade
her brother from reading them and tucked them away in the bookcase's
darkest corner. But prohibition bred violation. Lumian had snuck a peek
at one and was taken aback.

The book was a critique of the clergy's indulgence and corruption,
peppered with erotic content. It was titled 'Monks Chasing Dogs.'

Lumian's plan to use Charlie as bait for Susanna Mattise had a certain
subversive literature charm to it.

*Then again, I don't have any of Susanna Mattise's personal items to use
as a conduit. I could try to hunt down something in the coming days.
Regardless of whether it ends up being useful, it's better to be
prepared than caught unawares...* Lumian shook off his reverie,
considering the potential of the other four ritualistic spells and their
relevance to him.

To Lumian, the Animal Creation Spell seemed mystical, malevolent,
uncanny, and downright horrifying.

If utilized right, it could work wonders. Imagine turning captives into
sheep, cows, horses, and just walking away with them. Or infiltrating
places no human could, in the form of a critter. But in the thick of a
fight, this ritualistic spell was pretty much a dud.

According to the mysticism wisdom bestowed upon Lumian, the invocation
for the Animal Creation Spell could be made to the hidden existence
known as Inevitability, a host of honorific names unknown to him, or
even himself.

Naturally, the prerequisite was ample spirituality and the corresponding
rank. Also, the ritual's success rate and the spell's longevity were
significantly lower than the previous methods.

The minimum requirement for the Animal Creation Spell was a Sequence 7
Contractee. The higher the rank, the better the chances of the spell
working, and the more potent the effect.

With the corruption sealed within him, Lumian wasn't concerned about his
rank. He was unsure, though, if his spirituality reserves could endure
the consumption of the Animal Creation Spell. If they could, how many
times could he bear it?

Besides the Animal Creation Spell, he himself could be the prayer target
for the other four ritualistic spells. As for their success rates and
impacts, that was a different matter.

This led Lumian to speculate that these five ritualistic spells could be
simplified at higher ranks and deployed in real combat. For instance, he
could simply drape an enemy in sheepskin, chant the preordained
incantation, and transform them into sheep.

*That doesn't seem plausible for a Contractee, equivalent to a Sequence
7. A Sequence 4 Circle Inhabitant is too lofty for such a rudimentary
spell... Could a Sequence 5 Fate Appropriator accommodate such a
simplification, or is it a Sequence 6, the name of which escapes
me?* Lumian mused subconsciously.

As for the Luck Transference Spell, he felt it could only "assist"
others at present, not himself. His destiny was deeply entwined with the
corruption sealed within him and the great existence behind the seal.
Unless he prayed directly to the power of Inevitability, altering his
luck was a non-starter. Only when he ascended to the Fate Appropriator
rank could he choose a fate unbound by those lofty beings.

The Substitution Spell was just too convoluted, and it would severely
disrupt Lumian's routine and other tasks. He wouldn't consider it unless
he was out of options.

Compared to that, the Prophecy Spell seemed like a piece of cake and
rather handy as ritualistic magic went.

Lumian had already decided to gather the necessary intel and find a
suitable corpse. By inquiring about Charlie's future, he could estimate
when Susanna Mattise would strike next and locate Madame Pualis and the
others by delving into Louis Lund's destiny.

*Dog's drool, lynx innards, hyena tongue, stag bone marrow, sea or
aquatic monster flesh, lizard eye, rock from an eagle's nest, snake
venom gland, and deadly herbs. These ingredients aren't all that hard to
come by. The only pain is the sea or aquatic monster flesh, but the
ritual doesn't specify a rank. Technically, the feeblest aquatic monster
still counts as an aquatic monster; it just impacts the effect, right?
*Lumian ruminated for a bit, noticing that his energy levels had
considerably rebounded. He readied himself to leave the subterranean
quarry cave and head back to Auberge du Coq Doré.

Just as he rose to his feet, a sudden furrow creased his brow.

A faint sound reached his ears.

The voice echoed inside his ears!

Lumian fought to steady his nerves, straining to discern the sound.

With each passing moment, the voice grew clearer, more potent, more
imposing.

"Lumian Lee!

"Lumian Lee!

"..."

*It knows my name?* Instinctively, Lumian swept the area with
his carbide lamp, yet found no figure, nothing out of the ordinary.

"Lumian Lee!

"Lumian Lee!

"..."

The voice reverberated as if it were emanating from the very core of his
being, muffled by his flesh, organs, and bones, creating overlapping
echoes.

*Inside my body... *The thought struck Lumian the moment he made
this realization.

In a hushed whisper, he asked, "Who are you?"

The deep, majestic, and spectral voice ceased its chant and solemnly
declared, "I'm the Angel of the Lord, Termiboros."

"Lord? Which lord?" Lumian's eyes narrowed, the corners of his mouth
twitching into a smirk.

He suspected the entity communicating was the corruption entombed within
him. After receiving the Alms Monk's blessing and nearing the entity of
Inevitability, it had managed to transmit a voice devoid of corruption
via their intertwined powers.

The spectral voice echoing in Lumian's ears intoned reverently, "The
Lord is the ruler of the Great Old Ones, the Essence Above the
Sequences, the mighty Circle of Inevitability..."

Merely contemplating these words sent an inexplicable shiver down
Lumian's spine. It felt as if a gaze had pierced the cosmos, the clouds,
the surface-level Trier, layers of earth, and was fixed upon him.

Suddenly, Lumian found himself glancing over his shoulder, as if unseen
entities were scrutinizing him from the enveloping darkness.

The sensation sent chills down his spine, sowing unease in his mind,
threatening to unhinge him.

Out of nowhere, a faint gray fog materialized and shrouded the
surroundings, significantly pacifying Lumian's agitated mind.

He sneered at the self-proclaimed Angel, Termiboros.

"So, you're the one sealed within me?"

*I wonder if it's a bona fide Angel with Beyonder characteristics or
just an Angel-tier servant boasting only a boon...*

This insolence seemed to digest Lumian's potion further along its
course.

Undeterred by Lumian's provocation, Termiboros continued solemnly,
"Follow my instructions, break my seal, and I will aid you in
resurrecting Aurore Lee.

"You should be well aware that my Lord's power spans the past, the
present, and the future. It can weave a cycle of destiny.

"In due time, I will restore Aurore Lee's soul fragment to its state
prior to the descent ritual. All you need to do is prepare a body with
the essence of life for her."

Lumian fell silent. After a moment, he asked in a low voice, "Descent
ritual... Is that the ritual to forge a body for your descent?"