---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1626
index: 157
section: vol2
slug: 157
title: Ancienne Cage à Pigeons
---

## Chapter 157: Ancienne Cage à Pigeons

*Monsieur Ive, a theater actor as well? Or merely an
enthusiast?* Lumian pondered the enigma.

His immediate impression was, as proprietor and landlord of the Auberge
du Coq Doré, Monsieur Ive could be classified as affluent. Moreover, he
managed several other enterprises, so the notion of him dabbling in
acting appeared improbable. Nevertheless, taking into account Ive's
proclivity for hoarding wealth and his frugal tendencies, Lumian
couldn't completely rule out the possibility of the man dabbling as a
minor actor during his idle hours. It was an opportunity, after all, to
rake in a few more coins and avoid squandering valuable time.

Once satisfied that the small-time character indeed was Monsieur Ive,
Lumian's eyes drifted to the poster's title: Forest Fairy.

From the additional script, Lumian deciphered that this was a classic
production from the Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, occasionally
revived for new runs.

The actress portraying the Forest Fairy boasted distinct facial
contours, an ethereal and captivating aura, and lake-blue eyes filled
with innocence and sanctity.

However, Lumian found her less than bewitching, given her adornments of
bracelet, necklace, and belt fashioned from tree branches and verdant
leaves, topped off by a floral laurel crown. She stirred memories of
Ava, the Spring Elf from his dreams, and Susanna Mattise with her
cascading turquoise tresses.

For Lumian, these were not nostalgic musings. Especially the latter,
bereft of the unusual allure her hair had once commanded, now evoked an
eerie and revolting image.

*Charlotte Calvino.* After noting the actress's name, Lumian
scrutinized the other posters for more clues.

Ultimately, he deduced that Monsieur Ive had performed in three plays at
the Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, yet in each, he was but a mere
supporting actor, easily replaced.

Entering the theater with a thoughtful demeanor, Lumian forked out ten
licks for a ticket.

The Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons was a well-designed edifice. A
large stage dominated the far end, illuminated by gas wall lamps,
cloaked by lofty curtains and equipped with several steam-powered
machines.

Neat rows of seating lined the theater, progressively ascending like
terraced staircases.

Lumian took his ticket stub and located his seat.

The ongoing play was "Princess and the Beast". The actors' attire tended
towards the liberal, with hints of risqué---entirely in keeping with the
aesthetic sensibilities of Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman.

Watching the performance unfold, Lumian was struck with an internal gasp
of awe.

*Could this be Trier's standard for acting?*

*Such theatrics only earn them keep in Le Marché du Quartier du
Gentleman? What caliber do the theaters in Quartier de la Maison d'Opéra
hold?*

Lumian wasn't a stranger to the world of theater. Despite Aurore's
homebody tendencies, even she occasionally craved the outdoors.
Sometimes she borrowed a pony from Madame Pualis, or chatted with
Cordu's old ladies, narrated stories to local children, and occasionally
she'd even take Lumian to Dariège to attend plays, opera, circus
performances or visit the underground book market for creative
inspiration.

In comparison to the Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, those theatrical
performances seemed akin to amateur efforts.

The lead actors on the stage were simply spellbinding. Whether through
their facial expressions, physical gestures, or delivered lines, they
were as though plucked from the narrative's pages and set into the world
of the living. Lumian, initially focused on scouting for anomalies,
found himself unexpectedly engrossed in the unfolding drama. He felt a
pang for the Beast's tangled turmoil of self-doubt, brutality, and
torment, and for the Princess, her unspoiled innocence, kindness, and
heartfelt distress.

Any one of these principal performers could easily steal the spotlight
in a Dariège theater.

As the curtain fell, Lumian found himself rising to his feet, clapping
his approval, a twinge of disappointment in his heart that the
performance had concluded so swiftly.

He detected nothing suspicious with the actors, nor could he discern
anything out of the ordinary within the theater itself during his
regular sojourns to the restroom during intermissions.

On exiting the Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, Lumian raised his eyes to the
honey-colored apartment building diagonally opposite, taking note of the
yellow gas lamp glow illuminating the windows of the sixth floor.

Madame Fels had hinted that Monsieur Ive cultivated a rooftop vegetable
garden as a cost-saving measure. Lumian deduced that the Ive residence
must, therefore, be on the apartment building's top floor, the sixth to
be exact.

After a brief scrutiny, Lumian's gaze landed on the faintest of the
glowing windows.

In keeping with Ive's penny-pinching character, he probably refused to
light an additional gas lamp.

Finding a secluded, dark corner, Lumian set himself up, his focus locked
onto the dimly lit window, a silent sentinel awaiting any sign of
activity.

As the hours wore on, a homeless man wandered by, hoping to claim this
sheltered nook as his makeshift bed for the night. However, catching
sight of Lumian's shadowy figure, he reluctantly shuffled off elsewhere.

Such encounters barely registered with Lumian anymore. Unperturbed, he
maintained his vigil.

Close to 11 p.m., the feeble light in the window blinked out.

Roughly fifteen minutes later, Monsieur Ive, garbed in a faintly dark
suit and chestnut-hued tweed trousers, materialized at the apartment
door.

With cautious glances cast about him, clutching a carbide lamp, he made
his way along the street's shadowy cloak towards the Underground Trier
entrance a stone's throw away.

Lumian bore witness as a living statue, observing the retreating
illumination of Monsieur Ive's lamp until it was swallowed by darkness.

Several minutes later, with no signs of official Beyonders tailing
Monsieur Ive, Lumian arose, dusted off his attire, and crossed the
Avenue du Marché towards the hidden stone staircase leading underground.

Lumian did not attempt to follow him. First and foremost, he had no
source of light; his only candles were those used in ritualistic magic,
their scent too conspicuous. Second, he lacked knowledge about Monsieur
Ive's true capabilities, his motives for venturing into Underground
Trier, or the extent of power he might command.

Retracing a few steps, Lumian melted into the shadow of a nearby
building's pillar, shrouding himself in the comforting dark.

A tedious wait ensued. As midnight loomed, the blue radiance of the
carbide lamp punctuated the darkness at the underground entrance.

The elongated shadow of Monsieur Ive once again graced the scene.

Just as he came to the bottom of the stone staircase, Lumian tugged his
cap lower over his eyes and stepped forward, barking out, "This is a
hold-up!"

The strategy behind this sudden ploy was to gauge Monsieur Ive's
strength. Should the landlord be a formidable force, Lumian suspected he
would merely dismiss the mugger with lethal efficiency. In that case,
Lumian would have the opportunity to make a swift exit, his greatest
risks being some minor injuries and a dent in his pocket.

If, however, Monsieur Ive failed to exhibit significant ability, the
faux robbery would quickly morph into a real kidnapping. Lumian would
then corner the landlord in a remote pocket of the Underground Trier,
demanding answers about his secretive behavior around Room 504's tenant
and his nocturnal trips to the underground world.

At Lumian's gruff demand for a 'hold-up,' Monsieur Ive visibly flinched.

Seeming to accept his fate, he pulled out a worn brown leather wallet,
extracting a single silver coin valued at 1 verl d'or.

An unexpected surge of avarice flooded Lumian at the sight of the silver
coin. Its intricate design, with the cherubic relief on the surface and
radiating lines, drew him in.

Almost against his will, he found his right hand reaching out to snatch
the coin from Monsieur Ive. With a swift pivot, he spun on his heel and
took off, playing the part of a robber to perfection.

Five or six steps into his escape, a niggling thought started to bother
Lumian.

*What sort of robber would flee after pilfering a solitary 1 verl d'or
coin?*

*And why did I even seize the coin?*

Lumian's senses abruptly reignited. Channeling Dancer's agility, he made
a forceful twist of his frame and skidded to a halt.

He noticed Monsieur Ive was also on the run.

The landlord of Auberge du Coq Doré darted across Avenue du Marché and
made a beeline for Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.

Lumian, originally preparing to pursue, abruptly dropped his pace.

Monsieur Ive, now a victim of robbery, didn't aim for the sanctuary of
his home nor the aid of law enforcement in the bustling market district.
Instead, he elected for the theater, situated at an angle from his
dwelling!

*Could it be that he perceived a more effective guard there?
*Lumian's brow furrowed in contemplation.

Then, within the span of a heartbeat, he spun around and resumed his
faux robber's role.

He was anxious that Monsieur Ive might rally a force capable of
reclaiming his pilfered silver coin.

Given Monsieur Ive's infamous miserliness, such a response was within
the realm of possibility!

Although Lumian was not particularly concerned about losing a single
verl d'or, getting caught would undoubtedly unmask his identity.

Exiting Avenue du Marché, he nonchalantly flipped the silver coin to a
destitute vagabond dozing at the street's edge.

At the metallic ring, the man's eyes flickered open, resting on the
gleaming piece nestled under the nearby lamplight.

Once back on Rue Anarchie, Lumian peeled off his cap and coat, tucking
them under his arm as he resumed his leisurely stride.

His test had confirmed his suspicions: Monsieur Ive was no ordinary man.
He possessed Beyonder abilities, albeit seemingly ill-equipped for
combat. He had elected to "gift" a silver coin to an apparent burglar
and retreat.

*This little episode filled me with a sudden, overwhelming desire for
that silver coin. A desire so fierce, I nearly abandoned my true
intentions, almost succumbing to madness... *Lumian reflected on
the strange encounter.

It was a sensation he recognized.

He had experienced a similar one when facing Susanna Mattise.

One filled him with paralyzing fear, the other stripped him of rational
thought, substituting it with raw hatred.

*The similarities of these abilities' manifestations... Could Monsieur
Ive be linked to Susanna Mattise? What fate could have befallen Room
504's tenant... The Forest Fairy, the foliage, laurels... Does Théâtre
de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons have ties to Susanna Mattise as well?
*Lumian speculated as he retraced his steps to Auberge du Coq
Doré.

He slipped into the underground bar to find Charlie, glass of beer in
hand, belting out a tune with a few of the inn's tenants.

"We impoverished souls, dwelling in the attic..."

Catching sight of Lumian's return, Charlie excused himself and ambled
over to the counter, heaving a sigh as he began,

"You wouldn't believe what transpired this afternoon. The hotel manager
nicked my drinks twice, and then had the gall to say that because of
Madame Alice's situation, he couldn't promote me to an official
attendant. I'm stuck as a lowly handyman. How utterly odious. Just how
unlucky can I get?"

Suddenly, Charlie fell silent, muttering to himself, "Unlucky,
unlucky..."

After repeating it a handful of times, he glanced up at Lumian, a look
of surprise registering on his face at the sight of Lumian's subtle
smile.