---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1630
index: 161
section: vol2
slug: 161
title: Special Traits
---

## Chapter 161: Special Traits

It was only when Lumian sprung from the darkness that the man---his gaze
fixated solely on Jenna---realized the invasion of his secluded lair.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!* Lumian stormed in, raining a barrage of
fists, elbows, knees, and feet upon the intruder.

The man was taken aback, yet not feeble. His resistance was robust,
fending off blows with forearms while retreating. His chest, calves, and
thighs bore the brunt of Lumian's missed strikes, but he held his
ground.

With a shake of his head, his brown eyes morphed into a haunting green,
casting an eerie reflection of Lumian.

Suddenly, Lumian was overwhelmed by a powerful surge of desire. Beside
him, "Showy Diva" Jenna radiated a captivating allure as she strained to
watch the struggle, her whole being pulsating with magnetism.

This desire exploded within Lumian like a live grenade. He ceased his
assault, eyes smoldering with a reddish hue as his breaths quickened.
Whirling around, he lunged towards Jenna.

Jenna sensed the abnormality and bellowed out, her voice a mix of anger
and fear, "Pull yourself fucking together!"

But her words were smothered as Lumian pinned her down.

In tandem with this action, a hard object pressed against Lumian's right
side.

*What was that? *Reacting instinctively, his hand grazed the
hilt of the ritual silver dagger he'd strategically placed for
self-injury.

A vague understanding of his intent to use it flickered back into his
mind.

In the next heartbeat, Lumian---now mostly irrational from his
burgeoning desire---seized the handle of the silver dagger and drove it
into his own flesh.

The silver tip sliced through cloth, skin, and muscle alike.

Excruciating pain thundered into Lumian's consciousness, restoring some
rationality from the grips of his wild desire, allowing him to regain
some lucidity.

Pretending nothing had changed, he continued his actions on Jenna, his
hands wandering aimlessly.

"Are you fucking useless? Can't even handle a pervert!" Jenna scolded,
hoping to jolt her lone protector back to reality.

Seeing his opponent under control, the man hastily retrieved his own
concealed dagger, preparing to strike Lumian from behind.

Just then, Lumian's hands slid and he steadied himself against the cool
cave floor beside Jenna.

With a swift motion, he flexed his waist and kicked his right foot
backward.

*Whack!*

Lumian struck, his attack to the man's groin swift and precise, akin to
a whip's snap.

A guttural crunch echoed, the man's visage draining of color as pain
contorted his features.

*Clatter! *His weapon slipped from his grasp.

He crumpled to the ground, writhing as he clutched his violated area,
rendered helpless in the throes of debilitating agony.

Not one to squander an advantage, Lumian lunged, ensnaring his prey in a
swift embrace.

His right arm snaked up, seizing the man's head and wrenching it with an
unyielding force.

*Crack!*

The man was granted a view of his own back, his focus mercifully
diverted from the torment below.

Once his adversary's life was unequivocally extinguished, Lumian
withdrew his arms and produced his ritual silver dagger. With a white
bandage he had in his possession, he attended to his own wound.

He held no fear of infection---even if such an eventuality arose, his
Provoker constitution would endure until the 6 a.m. of the next day.

The primary purpose of his first-aid efforts was to prevent the cave
from retaining traces of blood.

Jenna, sprawled on the cold ground, mustered the strength to hoist
herself up. She observed as Lumian retracted his deadly grip and the man
crumpled lifelessly to the ground.

*Just like that? *A shiver of shock rippled through her,
effectively quelling her previously stoked desires.

She was no naive observer. She had gauged the formidable, almost magical
aura of that lecherous man, but he was annihilated in mere seconds by
this handsome rural lad!

Barely a heartbeat---eight or nine seconds at most---had transpired
before a life was extinguished.

Upon tending to his injury, Lumian collected the man's outer garments
and moved towards Jenna. She blinked out of her stupor and queried
curiously, "Why are you here?"

Almost reflexively, she added jokingly, "Don't say you're enamored by me
and have been trailing me?"

Lumian's response was a soft chuckle as he squatted down, drawing
Jenna's hands behind her back.

"What are you doing?" Jenna's voice teetered on panic.

Despite her feeble struggles, Lumian effortlessly secured her wrists
using the man's shirt.

In the blink of an eye, he pulled a dark jacket over Jenna's head,
blocking her sight completely.

"Dogshit, bastard, pervert, what do you want?" Jenna's words tumbled
out, a jumble of anger, anxiety, and confusion.

Lumian dismissed her outburst. Ripping off the remaining piece of his
shirt, he wadded it up and thrust it into Jenna's ears and mouth.

"Mmmmm..." Jenna was silenced.

A resignation washed over her as she thought, *Fine, I'll endure this
like a dog bite. As long as he doesn't kill me...*

Yet, her apprehension was met with stillness. Lumian had risen, leaving
her side to approach the lifeless form on the cave floor.

Upon purifying his ritual silver dagger and wiping it clean, Lumian
circumnavigated the petite cave, weaving a wall of spirituality.

Next, he commenced the Summoning Dance.

His intention was to invoke a spirit via this rite!

Despite this method's efficacy falling notably short compared to
traditional psychic spells, the goal of the Summoning Dance wasn't
strictly spirit invocation. Nevertheless, it was far better than the
alternative---doing nothing.

His spirituality melded with natural forces and diffused in every
direction, but was confined within the wall of spirituality enveloping
the cave.

Thus, the summoning wouldn't attract any unwanted entities.

In the midst of the chaotic, mesmerizing dance, Lumian perceived the
spectral form of the man.

Drawing the ritual silver dagger, he let a droplet of blood fall,
commanding the spirit to bond with him.

Almost instantaneously, Lumian was gripped by a chilling sensation as an
unusual and fervent heat ignited within him. This was accompanied by an
overwhelming desire for women.

*Is this an actual side-effect? Does it parallel the insatiable hunger
experienced with the mouth-orifice monster?* Lumian made a
conscious effort to avoid glancing at Jenna, who was now bound and
blindfolded, as he noted his newly acquired "head."

Since the man had recently perished, his other "head" was saturated with
lingering emotions such as lust, pain, fury, loathing, and the
instinctive urge to utilize his distinctive traits. Also present were
traces of obsessions and the most profound memories.

Analyzing the situation, Lumian understood that this pervert possessed
far more abilities and traits than the mouth-orifice monster.

"Inciting avarice in others;

"Becoming miserly and greedy, able to detect items that once belonged to
him;

"Stimulating others' appetites;

"Maintaining a robust and healthy physical state;

"Existing in perpetual hunger and thirst;

"Constantly utilizing mental faculties to augment strength, reflexes,
agility, and resilience;

"Employing one's gaze, speech, and actions to subtly induce a measure of
lust in the target.

"Through direct contact and spell-like abilities, the target will
experience varying degrees of lust.

"Preparing rape drugs and the like.

"Differentiating hormonal information of various individuals..."

*Did Monsieur Ive utilize the first one? This pervert is indeed
connected to Monsieur Ive and Susanna Mattise... A constant state of
hunger and thirst. No wonder he targeted Jenna and dared to abduct her.
Can this be categorized as a negative effect? Indeed, Jenna may not be
his first victim...* Lumian didn't select any specific trait. He
was limited to general observations of the spectral companion and was
unable to comprehend any of the more nuanced abilities.

Lumian made an attempt to amplify the man's most profound memories.

Suddenly, he was in the midst of a bustling theater. On stage stood a
young woman clad in a divine white dress, her deeply carved features
accented by lake-like eyes, crystal clear and rippling with innocence
and charm.

*Charlotte Calvino...* Lumian identified the woman instantly.
She was the reigning star of the Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons.

Simultaneously, Lumian felt the man's excitement, the predatory hunger
within him intensifying.

However, with the crowd around, he refrained from any untoward behavior.
He bolted to the lavatory as soon as the scene concluded.

As the memory faded, Lumian ceased the Summoning Dance, letting the
man's spirit withdraw from his being.

Almost immediately, he performed the Summoning Dance again, inviting the
spirit to rejoin him.

This was because each possession allowed Lumian to select only one
trait, one memory, or one obsession. Once chosen, it was irrevocable.

Lumian had opted for one of the spirit's most poignant memories.

In the next instant, Jenna appeared before him, giving an overtly
dramatic performance on-stage.

"..." The situation became clear to Lumian. He couldn't resist clenching
his jaw and cursing, "Is there nothing else in your mind but women,
women, women!"

He abandoned the idea of spirit channeling, regretting that he hadn't
yet achieved the status of a Contractee, unable to forge a long-term
contract with the spirit and borrow a skill. Lumian appraised the man's
traits, certain that some of them would prove immensely useful in
combat.

*If only I could rear this spirit...* Lumian sighed, conceding
his present limitations.

Subsequently, he dissolved the spiritual barrier, sheathed his ritual
silver dagger, and returned to Jenna. He removed the jacket shrouding
her eyes and the shirt binding her hands.

Jenna winced, plucking the cloth from her mouth and ears.

She massaged her reddened wrist, throwing a skeptical look at Lumian who
was busy searching the pockets of the man's clothing. She inquired, "Why
did you blindfold me and block my ears earlier?"

"I was protecting you. You shouldn't see or hear what isn't meant for
you," Lumian responded in a half-jesting tone, his search yielding a
total of 8 verl d'or coins and three somewhat antiquated metal
canisters.

Perceiving no threat from him, Jenna huffed. "What could possibly be
unseen or unheard here? Unless you... you didn't... with the corpse..."

Her voice faded as she connected a few dots, roughly guessing that
Lumian might have been using some power to extract information from the
corpse.

Upon noticing Lumian evaluating the three metal canisters, Jenna
deflected the topic and reminisced, "One of these bottles contains a gas
that knocks you out, leaving you feeble. That's how he abducted me.

"Also, another bottle has this gas, extremely foul-smelling but
strangely enough, it wakes you up. Damn, that pervert deserves being
fucked by a donkey!

"I don't know what's in the remaining bottle, and I can't distinguish
between the other two."