---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1637
index: 168
section: vol2
slug: 168
title: Prayer Target
---

## Chapter 168: Prayer Target

As Lumian made his way, his nimbleness served him well in evading
servers bustling with trays of food and busboys returning used utensils.

He pressed forward until he reached the kitchen, only to find it in
complete disarray.

Stacks of unwashed utensils lay haphazardly in the sink, coated in
layers of greasy oil. Two dishwashing maids stood by, tirelessly
scrubbing away at the never-ending pile of dishes.

The stoves emitted fierce yellow flames, turning the small space into a
sweltering inferno. Sweat poured down everyone's faces as they toiled
away.

Three chefs, adorned in white aprons, each prepared their own dishes.
They would occasionally taste their concoctions by dipping their fingers
in the sauces or sampling a morsel, wiping their hands casually on their
aprons before moving on to the next dish.

Once the chefs approved, the servers would whisk the plates away,
oblivious to the fact that their thumbs often grazed the food and thick
soups. They paid no mind to it whatsoever.

The kitchen helpers scurried around the chefs, chopping vegetables,
handling fish, tidying up ingredients, taking out the trash, and
fetching various seasonings and supplies. They never ceased their
efforts, yet the kitchen remained in disarray. Vegetable leaves, fish
scales, and fruit peels were strewn about, oily and scattered across the
floor, near the stoves, and close to the sink.

The clamor of the chefs and kitchen helpers filled the air with shouts
and curses, creating a chaotic symphony.

Lumian could easily mistake it for a battlefield if he closed his eyes
and listened closely.

Taking advantage of the chaotic scene, Lumian deftly navigated through
the busy crowd and reached the cabinet brimming with ingredients. Using
partitions, handles, and the grayish-white gas and water pipes, he
skillfully ascended to the ceiling and slipped into the ventilation
shaft.

The overpowering smell of oil and smoke assailed Lumian's senses, nearly
overwhelming him.

But with the tolerance of an Alms Monk toward extreme environments, he
pushed himself forward, crawling through the ventilation shaft and
occasionally climbing higher.

After about ten seconds, he poked his head out from above a second-floor
washroom.

Ensuring the coast was clear, Lumian agilely leaped down and swiftly
made his way to the door, carefully scanning both ends of the corridor
in secrecy.

The area was eerily silent, with only two henchmen guarding the stairs,
their focus solely on the first floor. They paid no mind to what lay
behind them.

Relieved, Lumian let out a sigh and pinpointed his target. Crouching
down, he leaped to the adjacent room.

Although the door was locked, Lumian encountered no obstacle he couldn't
overcome. Utilizing a half-broken wire he had brought along, he managed
to pry open the wooden door after a few attempts.

Just as Jenna had described, the washroom attached to "Hammer" Ait's
room lacked a protruding window sill. It only had a decorative ledge,
barely providing enough space to stand on its side.

Even for a Hunter, leaping from the window sill to the narrow ledge
posed a significant challenge, demanding perfect balance.

Fortunately, Lumian possessed the extraordinary flexibility of a Dancer,
almost surpassing human limits.

After careful observation, he jumped up and landed precisely on the
ledge with his right foot. His left side wavered, threatening to tip him
over.

In a crucial moment, Lumian's body quivered like a coiled spring,
propelling him back toward the washroom. He swiftly grasped the window
frame with his right hand, regaining stability.

Squatting down, he revealed only half of his head, peering silently into
the room.

The washroom door stood ajar, and occasional mobsters passed by.

Lumian exercised patience, studying their movements until he discerned a
pattern. Seizing the opportune gap when the washroom door was
momentarily unattended, he skillfully pried open the window using
Hedsey's dagger and clambered inside.

Maintaining composure and confidence, he swiftly closed the glass window
before hurrying to the space beneath the bathtub, concealing himself
with the undrawn curtains.

Lumian, having successfully infiltrated the premises, arranged his few
essential items in easily accessible positions. He took a moment to
double-check their locations, ensuring he wouldn't fumble in a state of
panic.

Standing there motionless, he strained his ears to catch the activities
in the adjacent room.

"Hammer" Ait occasionally inquired about their recent earnings to the
dance hall manager, scolded his subordinates with anger, or engaged in
flirtatious exchanges with the star dancer, accompanied by seemingly
intimate gestures.

After a while, when the dance hall manager and the star dancer departed,
Ait seemed to rise from his seat and began pacing slowly.

He addressed the mobsters in the room, saying, "In the following days,
send out all your boys and have them 'visit' every individual within our
territory. I want you to ensure that we know who can be elected as the
market district's member of parliament in next week's election!"

Oh, so your mob is meddling in the parliamentary elections? Lumian felt
a mixture of surprise and lack thereof.

The growth of Trier's mobs was impossible without some form of backing.
They either maintained favorable relations with the police department
and influential figures within it, enjoyed protection from powerful
political figures, or acted as the black-gloved enforcers for
influential merchants. The latter undoubtedly had connections to
high-ranking government officials, upper echelons of the Churches, and
military generals.

Lumian had never anticipated that the mastermind behind the Poison Spur
Mob possessed the audacity to vie for a parliamentary seat. He had
initially assumed their ambitions would extend no further than becoming
the market district's police commissioner or a member of the Trier City
Council.

Intis functioned as a parliamentary republic, where members of
parliament represented various constituencies and formed the National
Convention. This Convention held the authority to appoint the president,
prime minister, who in turn appointed ministers---although their
decisions required approval from the Convention.

The National Convention also possessed the power to legislate, declare
war, and determine the government's budget. Each member of parliament
held considerable influence and authority.

At present, the National Convention consisted of over 300 individuals,
with one-tenth of them being former nobles. The Sauron family, once part
of the royal lineage, served as their leaders. The remaining seats were
allocated based on the economic status of different provinces and
territories, particularly the prosperous Trier Greater Region.

Trier, whether in terms of population or economic prowess, stood
unrivaled in Intis and the Greater Trier Region. It held nearly 40 seats
in the National Convention.

These approximately 40 seats were distributed among 20 districts,
accommodating as few as one member of parliament or as many as four to
five. These representatives also held ex officio positions as councilors
in the City Council.

The Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman, a relatively small constituency,
possessed only one seat in the National Convention. The individual
chosen to fill this seat would wield immense power and influence within
the region.

Currently, the ruling National Party, the popular Enlightenment Party,
and the Revolutionary Party, seeking to address existing flaws, were
vigorously preparing for the upcoming National Convention elections.

The party that secured a simple majority in the Convention would become
the new ruling party. Otherwise, they would have to negotiate,
compromise, and form a coalition with another party.

In addition to the National Party, the Enlightenment Party, and the
Revolutionary Party, Intis also had the Emperor Party (restorationists
who advocated Roselle's rule) and the Carbonari. They voiced
discontentment with the current system and sought to bring about change
through force.

The mobsters replied one after another, assuring "Hammer" Ait that
nothing would go awry.

However, they remained tight-lipped about which faction or candidate
they supported, leaving Lumian feeling a sense of disappointment.

*Tell me!*

After briefing them on the election, "Hammer" Ait instructed his
subordinates, saying, "Leave for a while. Return only when I summon
you."

*What is his plan?* Lumian's eavesdropping had taken him by
surprise.

Soon enough, the mobsters vacated the room, leaving "Hammer" Ait alone.

Lumian refrained from taking immediate action. After careful analysis,
he believed that the confrontation between him and Hammer Ait in the
washroom would have a more targeted impact than engaging outside, even
without resorting to the use of Fallen Mercury.

The room beyond fell into an eerie silence. Lumian strained his ears and
managed to catch faint voices.

It seemed like "Hammer" Ait was muttering to himself, "Protector of Evil
People... The Lady who Births Deities..."

*The Lady who Births Deities? That sounds impressive... Is Ait praying
to some secret entity? There are about four or five sentences, and it's
more of a description? It deviates from the usual three-stanza
template...* Lumian made a rough guess at what "Hammer" Ait was
up to.

As for whom he was praying to, Lumian couldn't even begin to speculate
based on the fragmented description he barely heard.

It lay beyond the scope of his current knowledge in mysticism.

Lumian felt a vague sense of malevolence emanating from the room
outside.

Indeed, it was as if the room itself had turned wicked.

Holding his breath, Lumian composed himself, refraining from listening
to the turmoil outside.

After a while, the sinister atmosphere dissipated, and everything
returned to normal.

Lumian let out a slow exhale, heating up his palm.

At that moment, "Hammer" Ait summoned his subordinates, who had
previously left the room, to return.

Lumian continued to bide his time.

Seconds turned into minutes until finally, he heard the heaviest
footsteps approaching the washroom.

They belonged to "Hammer" Ait. Lumian had already distinguished their
sound.

Swiftly, he retrieved a metal canister marked with a symbol.

Unscrewing the cap, he inserted a thin, pre-kneaded paper ball into the
bottle.

Seconds before the footsteps drew near the washroom, Lumian retrieved
the paper ball and twisted the cap shut.

He then tore the paper ball in two and inserted each piece into his
nostrils.

The stench, reminiscent of fermented excrement, assaulted Lumian's
senses, nearly bringing him to tears. His right hand instinctively moved
to remove the thin paper ball.

With great resolve and the endurance of an Alms Monk accustomed to
extreme environments, Lumian exercised control. His expression
contorted, and his muscles twitched ever so slightly as he stood there,
retrieving another metal canister filled mostly with gas. He unscrewed
its cap.

*Clang!*

"Hammer" Ait shut the washroom door and approached the toilet bowl.

The space now became partially enclosed. Only the gaps between the door
and windows allowed a hint of fresh air to seep in.

*Yes, a gruesome encounter awaits him...* Lumian observed the
fluctuations in his target's luck, silently tossing the open metal
canister into the air, allowing the colorless and odorless gas within to
disperse and fill the washroom.

This was the sedative concocted by the perverted Hedsey. Even catching a
whiff of it at close range could severely weaken an Assassin's strength!

It was ideal for a confined, partially enclosed space like the washroom.

This was the trap Lumian had set for "Hammer" Ait!

Of course, it would take some time for the gas to spread throughout the
washroom and take effect to a certain extent. After all, Lumian himself
wasn't breathing it in at close proximity.

What Lumian needed to do next was to prevent "Hammer" Ait from leaving
the washroom or allow anyone outside to open the door.

He placed the open metal canister by the edge of the bathtub and
retrieved Jenna's revolver, aiming it at the toilet bowl through the
curtain.