---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1638
index: 169
section: vol2
slug: 169
title: Battle in the Room
---

## Chapter 169: Battle in the Room

The rush of water persisted, and Lumian grew anxious, fearing that
"Hammer" Ait might sense danger. He needed to calculate the height just
right before pulling the trigger.

*Bang!*

The bullet tore through the drapes, leaving behind searing scorch marks.

"Hammer" Ait's hair stood on end before any of this happened. He paid no
mind to the fact that he was mid-stream and promptly collapsed to the
side.

Yellowish liquid splattered in all directions. The bullet grazed Ait's
arm, striking the wall and narrowly missing Lumian on the rebound.

Lumian's revolver flew from his grip after a missed shot. He seized the
edges of the curtain, yanked it off, and used it to ensnare Ait.

Before Ait could recover from the agonizing cramps, darkness enveloped
his vision, and he found himself wrapped in a cream-colored shower
curtain.

Unfazed, he rolled and concealed himself beside the bathtub. Then, he
grasped the shower curtain with both hands, using it as an improvised
weapon.

With a soft whoosh, the curtain, now wrapped around Lumian's fist,
veered off course, thwarting his attempt to strike Ait's head.

Ait seized the moment and rose, inadvertently tearing his pants in the
process.

He swung his heavy fist at Lumian, hammer-like.

Lumian quickly raised his arm to shield himself, realizing that his
opponent possessed exceptional strength---he couldn't withstand it.

Forced to retreat a step in order to regain his balance, Lumian found
himself on the backfoot. Ait wasted no time, relentlessly bombarding him
with a flurry of punches from both hands.

Leveraging his height, long arms, and superior strength, Ait employed
straightforward punches akin to cannonballs, neglecting any fancy
techniques.

It was only then that he could clearly discern the assailant's visage.

Golden hair tinged with black, bright and light-blue eyes, nostrils
stuffed with bits of white paper---creating a peculiar sight.

*Ciel? The same Ciel who killed Margot and gravely injured
Wilson?* Ait felt initial surprise, followed swiftly by delight.

*He isn't that formidable. I can take him down completely!*

The washroom proved confining, with Lumian enduring the putrid stench.
He suffered two blows from the towering 1.9-meter giant before finding
himself forced two steps back, cornered near the door.

At that moment, the mobsters outside heard the gunshots and hurriedly
approached. One of them gripped the handle and pushed open the door.

Just as Ait's leg aimed for a low kick, Lumian's left leg suddenly swung
back, forcefully striking the door.

With a resounding clang, the partially opened wooden door snapped shut
again, narrowly missing the mobster's nose.

Realizing they couldn't breach the door for the time being, the mobsters
drew their revolvers and aimed at the wooden barrier from various
heights, but they dared not open fire.

They possessed some modicum of intellect, knowing that the washroom was
cramped, and they remained uncertain of the person on the other side.
Blindly firing would risk harming or even killing their boss, Hammer,
leading to unforeseen consequences.

Capitalizing on his kick against the rear door, Lumian contorted his
body, evading Ait's straight punch and positioning himself beside his
adversary.

Delivering a series of rapid strikes---punches, elbows, knees, and
kicks---Lumian sought to disrupt the enemy's assault before they could
fully unleash their power.

It resembled a Pugilist, the kind who habitually expelled force with
grunts of "Heh!" and "Hah!", but now capable of only a single "Heh!"
Each time Ait tried to strike with force, Lumian took the initiative and
forcefully blocked him.

After altering his combat strategy, Lumian managed to narrow the
strength gap between them. Not only did he regain some control, but he
also utilized his greater agility to shift his body and change
positions.

Soon enough, the figure blocking the washroom entrance turned out to be
Ait, his back against the door.

Worried that his subordinates might lack intelligence and open fire from
outside, accidentally killing him, Ait quickly diverted his attention
and shouted, "Do not fire!"

Despite Ciel utilizing his technique to bridge the gap, Ait remained
unfazed. He exuded immense confidence.

As long as he acted in a normal manner, he was certain he could
eliminate his opponent in the confined washroom environment. The only
uncertainty was the duration it would take.

Nevertheless, Ait remained vigilant. He continued to unleash powerful
punches and kicks, attempting to force Lumian toward the window,
creating an opportunity for his subordinates to enter.

Fearing that Lumian possessed some kind of Beyonder power, Ait believed
that using the threat of a revolver would expedite the process of
dispatching his enemy.

*Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! *Lumian faced the relentless
onslaught of the Pugilist's full-powered attacks without showing any
signs of surrender. However, he found it increasingly strenuous.

Throughout this ordeal, Ait's eyes darted to his surroundings, wary of
potential traps or powerful allies lying in ambush.

His gaze swept across the edge of the bathtub and landed on an open
metal canister.

*What purpose does it serve?* Before Ait could ponder further,
Lumian's mocking smile appeared, accompanied by a curse as he struggled
to block Ait's onslaught.

"Useless piece of junk! What are you waiting for? Those outside, come in
and lend a hand!"

A buzzing anger surged within Ait.

He discarded all other concerns and launched an unusually ferocious
attack.

Provocation!

Lumian had added Provocation to those two sentences!

Confronted with the raging "Hammer" Ait and his devastating blows,
Lumian fought desperately to hold his ground. Occasionally, he relied on
the flexibility of a Dancer to shift positions.

Unbeknownst to him, he was gradually being pushed toward the wall with
the window.

This allowed the washroom door to open, but the mobsters outside
hesitated, fearing they might collide with "Hammer" if they kicked it
open. They cautiously pushed it inward, inch by inch.

In that moment, Lumian, nearly overcome by the putrid odor, keenly
sensed Ait's waning strength and slower attacks.

The sedative took effect! Lumian swiftly dodged to the side, regaining
his balance. He threw a powerful punch, channeling all the strength from
his arm and waist, launching a counterattack.

*Bang!*

Ait's arm, which had blocked the blow, visibly trembled, and his eyes
betrayed a mix of surprise and panic.

*Why? Why have I grown so weak?*

*Why have my reflexes slowed?*

As Lumian grasped the state of his opponent, he unleashed two
consecutive straight punches, forcefully parting the enemy's arms.

Without hesitation, he closed the distance and adjusted his body
slightly. With a swift motion, he drove his left elbow into Ait's chest.

Caught off guard, Ait failed to react in time, unable to dodge the
strike. The elbow connected, cracking his sternum. His vision darkened,
and he struggled to catch his breath.

Lumian didn't grant him a moment's respite. He smoothly shifted his
body, allowing his poised right fist to collide with Ait's abdomen.

He hadn't harbored any lofty expectations of rendering Ait unconscious
solely with the sedative. After all, the other party possessed the
ability to resist the effects of certain Beyonder powers through sheer
physical and mental fortitude, suggesting a high resistance to the
sedative. Furthermore, despite the compactness and semi-enclosed nature
of the washroom, with its bathtub, toilet bowl, and sink, the drug's
potency would be greatly diminished.

Lumian aimed to exploit the drug's influence to weaken Ait's combat
prowess, slowing his reactions and substantially reducing his strength.

In doing so, the tide of victory would tip towards him uncontrollably!

*Pfft!*

Ait, reeling from the blow to his abdomen, instinctively curled up,
becoming shorter than Lumian.

Seizing the opportunity, Lumian raised his fists and swiftly hammered
them behind Ait's ears.

*Bang!*

Amidst the cacophony, Ait's vision faded to black, and he slumped
unconscious.

It was the combined effect of a potent strike and the sedative.

Lumian squatted down, using "Hammer" as a shield.

The mobsters had already held the washroom door open for several
seconds, but with Ait obstructing Lumian from their view, they refrained
from opening fire.

Now, they witnessed their towering boss, Hammer, being taken down by the
assailant.

Lumian clasped Ait and offered a smirk to the group gathered at the
door.

"Go ahead! Fire! Why aren't you firing?"

One of the mobsters caught sight of the assailant's distinctive blonde
and black hair, coupled with his rather handsome face, and suddenly
pieced together a series of connections.

"Ciel? You're Ciel?" he exclaimed, his surprise evident.

*The same Ciel who killed Boss Margot and threw Boss Wilson off the
fourth floor?*

*Ciel of the Savoie Mob?*

*He's back at it?*

Lumian keenly sensed the mobsters' profound fear. He grinned and gave
Ait's shoulder a friendly pat, brushing off the dust.

Then, he took hold of Ait and proceeded towards the washroom door, one
step at a time.

Simultaneously, he curled his lips into a smile.

"You've got two options. One, leave this room now and seek help from
your Poison Spur Mob boss. Two, meet your demise here, one by one, at my
hands."

As he spoke, he advanced, a cold gaze sweeping across the faces of each
mobster, as if contemplating the best way to eliminate them.

The mobsters couldn't help but tremble, as a similar thought crossed
their minds: *Regardless, Boss Hammer has been apprehended. If we open
fire, we'll only harm him. It might be wiser to seek help from the
boss!*

"Well?" Lumian snorted, urging them to decide.

With a swift swoosh, the first mobster turned on his heels and fled the
room. The others followed suit, abandoning any notion of confrontation.

When no one remained, Lumian let out a silent sigh of relief.

If those men had truly steeled themselves, their hearts unswayed by
fear, the confined space of the washroom and their ten firearms would
have posed a lethal threat.

Of course, Ait could forget about survival as well.

*They have no more than four minutes to reach Avenue du Marché from
here... I must conclude the interrogation before "Black Scorpion" Roger
and his comrades depart, granting me ample time to escape the scene and
locate Baron Brignais at Salle de Bal Brise... Just four
minutes...* As Lumian assessed the current situation, he
squatted down and propped Ait against the washroom's door panel.

Then, he dislocated his captive's shoulder joints and bound his legs
together using a shower curtain. Opening the window, he allowed the
breeze to circulate from both sides.

With these tasks completed, Lumian removed the paper balls from his own
nose, retrieved the metal canister containing the pungent gas, and held
it to Ait's nostrils.

*Achoo!*

Ait sneezed, his eyes fluttering open.

Lumian promptly stowed away the metal canister, capping it, ensuring the
other party remained in a weakened state.

"What do you want?" Ait asked, fear and anxiety evident in his eyes as
he recognized the person before him.