---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1647
index: 178
section: vol2
slug: 178
title: The Messenger's Response
---

## Chapter 178: The Messenger's Response

Evening, Avenue du Marché, Salle de Bal Brise.

Lumian made his way to the entrance. Just as he reached the door, he was
greeted by two mobsters standing guard.

"Good evening, Boss."

Lumian, still donned in a crisp white shirt, a black vest, and rolled-up
cuffs, acknowledged them with a smile and a nod.

Louis and Sarkota had been eagerly awaiting the return of their new
leader. Spotting Lumian entering the dance hall, they swiftly abandoned
their positions at the bar counter and forced smiles on their faces.

"Boss, why don't you let us accompany you? It's not safe to be
unprotected like this!" Louis expressed his loyalty with concern.

Lumian chuckled in amusement and replied, "You two? Protecting me?"

"I worry that if anything were to happen, you both would end up beaten
to a pulp. I'd have to compensate your loved ones."

Louis smiled sheepishly.

"I know you're formidable, Boss, and you can handle 'Hammer' Ait and
'Wolf' Margot on your own. But isn't there a saying that goes, 'Two
fists can't fight four hands'? Besides, we all carry guns, and our aim
isn't too shabby."

*Two fists can't fight four hands?* Lumian thought to himself.
*Wasn't that something Emperor Roselle once said? When did it become a
saying? Aurore had always suspecte*d that many *vulgarities
originated from Emperor Roselle, but nobody had ever confirmed
it...* Lumian glanced at Louis, who appeared tough but had a
submissive demeanor, and Sarkota, with his curly brown hair and full
lips. He nodded slightly and responded, "When I instruct you to follow,
you may do so. When I don't, keep an eye on the dance hall. If anyone
dares to cause trouble, shoot them."

"Right, where can I find a shooting range?"

"There's one in the basement of the dance hall," Louis pointed
downwards, indicating his feet. "The other leaders also come there to
practice their shooting skills, but they have to bring their own
ammunition."

"Excellent." Lumian nodded in satisfaction.

He urgently needed to improve his marksmanship, as he lacked effective
long-range attacks.

Louis asked again, "Boss, the environment at Auberge du Coq Doré is
dreadful. Are you planning to relocate to the dance hall? There are
several rooms on the second floor for you to choose from. Or do you
intend to stay in the temporary rest area previously used by Baron
Brignais?"

Louis displayed his willingness, recognizing that both he and Sarkota
had once been trusted aides of Baron Brignais. If they failed to earn
the trust of the new leader, they might be relegated to mere bouncers at
the entrance. Their status would plummet, and they would be at the mercy
of the members of the Savoie Mob, with whom they had never gotten along.
Not only would their income suffer, but they would also face significant
bullying.

Lumian pondered for a moment before responding, "Show me the rooms."

This location was ideal for the ritual to summon Madam Magician's
messenger.

Lumian had no plans to check out of Auberge du Coq Doré anytime soon.
His strategy involved selecting a room on the second floor of Salle de
Bal Brise and Room 207 of Auberge du Coq Doré as his nightly resting
places after dismissing Louis and Sarkota. This increased his chances of
being attacked under the cover of darkness. Occasionally, he would also
consider his rented safe house on Rue des Blouses Blanches.

Lumian sensed that the Poison Spur Mob wouldn't let him off easily. He
had eliminated three leaders consecutively and had deliberately provoked
them. Once the authorities let their guard down a little, the likelihood
of retaliation would be high. Lumian was confident that the other side
had been provoked, as his potion had been further digested. In another
month or two, he might even consider advancing to Pyromaniac.

Lumian didn't worry too much about being secretly attacked by "Black
Scorpion" Roger and the other leaders of the Poison Spur Mob. With Mr.
K's finger, he stood a good chance of defending himself, even against
Susanna Mattise, who was equivalent to a Sequence 5 Beyonder, let alone
"Black Scorpion" Roger and the others who had not yet become Sowers.

His concern lay in the possibility that if a fight were to break out,
Mr. K might lose control and end up killing "Black Scorpion" Roger. If
that happened, Louis Lund would disappear and the trail of clues would
come to an abrupt end.

Upon reaching the second floor, Lumian made his way through the café and
entered the corridor. After scanning the area, he pointed to a room
closer to his office and declared, "I'll take this one."

The room boasted classical furniture, a four-piece set of dark-red
velvet, and a cushioned recliner.

"Boss, should we replace these fabric items with new ones?" Louis
ingratiatingly inquired.

Sarkota, ever quiet in comparison, stood by his side.

"No need," Lumian replied, finding an excuse. He then assigned his two
bodyguards to watch over the door leading from the café to the
second-floor corridor. Locking the door, he settled himself at a wide
wooden table near the window to write a letter to Madam Magician.

In the letter, he emphasized that he had completed Mr. K's mission and
earned his trust, even undergoing proselytization. He mentioned the
opportunity to join the secret organization supporting Mr. K and
inquired about the necessity of praying to Mr. K's lord, as well as the
potential consequences of being monitored by that entity. Finally, he
highlighted his recent actions and expressed his unease over certain
coincidences.

Once he neatly folded the letter, Lumian arranged the altar and conjured
a wall of spirituality.

With the summoning ritual completed, he fixed his gaze upon the blue
flame of the candle and waited in the chilling and eerie environment.

Before long, a doll-like figure, the size of an arm, materialized above
the fire.

Clad in a delicate golden dress, the figure surveyed the area with
unfocused, light-blue eyes. Raising its right hand, it delicately
pinched its petite, pale-white nose.

"It stinks! It stinks! This place isn't as clean as the last one!"

"Isn't this place supposed to be clean?" Lumian exclaimed, scanning his
surroundings in surprise. "There are no bedbugs, and it's just been
cleaned."

The messenger continued to wrinkle its nose, its voice ethereal and
illusory as it spoke.

"There are old bones buried beneath the ground!

"They're foul, putrid, and repulsive!"

With those words, the blond "doll" snatched the letter and vanished
instantly.

Clearly, it had no intention of staying a moment longer!

*Old bones underground?* Lumian repeated the messenger's words,
perplexed.

He remembered that Salle de Bal Brise had been erected upon a cemetery
belonging to a cathedral, and the bodies and ashes had been relocated to
the catacombs.

Even after the Savoie Mob had acquired the building, there remained an
eerie atmosphere. Concerned that some bones might have been left behind
deep beneath the ground, they had commissioned a spherical statue
crafted from white skulls and placed it at the entrance, accompanied by
an engraved inscription.

The messenger's reaction hinted that there truly were ancient remains
interred underground.

*When Église Saint-Robert had moved the remains and ashes from the
original cemetery to the catacombs, they likely hadn't intentionally
left anything behind, unless they had failed to discover it or were
unaware... Could it be that there is a hidden tomb beneath the original
cemetery, dating back to the Fourth Epoch? Is that why the messenger
reacted so strongly? Well, for now, let's set aside the matter of the
old bones underground. After all, nothing untoward has occurred at Salle
de Bal Brise throughout these years. It's highly unlikely that anything
would go awry the moment I set foot here, right? *Lumian mused,
concluding the ritual and tidying up the altar.

He settled into the cushioned recliner, gently rocking back and forth,
awaiting Madam Magician's response.

Time passed, and the sky darkened completely. Lumian contemplated
whether he should have Louis and the others bring dinner to his room or
indulge in it at the café or the bar counter.

Suddenly, a stack of papers fell from above, landing on his lap.

This time, the "doll" messenger didn't even reveal itself, clearly
displaying its profound aversion to the overall "environment" of Salle
de Bal Brise.

*In the future, I'll summon it at Auberge du Coq Doré or that safe
house...* Lumian unfolded the letter and read it attentively.

"Excellent job. It seems you have gained Mr. K's admiration and initial
approval.

"From now on, simply follow his instructions. When the need arises, I
will inform you of the true objective in advance.

"You can pretend to believe in the entity mentioned by Mr. K. After all,
you already bear traces of two entities. Adding another one won't be an
issue. I'm just concerned it might get a bit crowded.

"Haha, the previous statement was a jest. The real solution is as
follows:

"You can feign belief, but whenever you meet Mr. K and engage in prayer,
beseech my lord for the protection of an angel. You should have learned
the corresponding ritualistic magic, correct? If not, consult your
sister's grimoires.

"Usually, refrain from invoking the honorific name of that individual,
even if the order has been disrupted. Unless you are certain you have
received the angel's protection.

"I understand that the more one tries to suppress certain memories, the
more they tend to resurface. During your next therapy session, you can
attempt seeking assistance from your psychiatrist. In other words, you
must postpone the matter of becoming a false believer until after the
upcoming treatment.

"As for coincidences, they often have multiple factors intertwined in
various things.

"Firstly, the corruption sealed within your body stems from an entity
known as Inevitability. Clearly, Inevitability is linked to fate. It
will subtly disrupt your destiny, leading you to encounter specific
individuals and events that you are 'destined' to come across.

"Secondly, it is highly likely that Mr. K has made arrangements to
station someone in the shadows, observing you and providing the mob
leaders with subtle psychological cues. This leads me to suspect that he
is either a Sequence 6 Hypnotist or a Sequence 5 Dreamwalker from the
Spectator path. However, based on your earlier description, he also
possesses the powers of a Notary. Therefore, there is a strong
possibility that he is a Shepherd. Shepherds are Sequence 5 Beyonders
from the Secrets Suppliant path, and they serve the entity in whom Mr. K
believes.

"Shepherds can graze upon the souls and characteristics of other
Beyonders, enabling them to wield their abilities. This renders every
Shepherd incredibly formidable, standing at the pinnacle of Mid-Sequence
Beyonders.

"Thirdly, this stems from the law of convergence and my previous
hypothesis of repulsion. Trust me, I won't be surprised that you will
encounter more believers of evil gods, Hunters, and Demonesses in a
short span of time.

"Stay diligent, Seven of Wands."

*Shepherd? That sounds incredibly powerful... I have already encountered
another Hunter and two Demonesses...* Lumian ignited Madam
Magician's response by channeling his spirituality.