---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1651
index: 182
section: vol2
slug: 182
title: Truth Serum
---

## Chapter 182: Truth Serum

"What do you think, Madame Jenna?" Lumian grinned, throwing Jenna's own
words back at her.

"Damn it!" Jenna exclaimed, raising her hand in frustration before
turning around with a scowl and storming back downstairs.

Lumian pondered for a few moments, tapping the table in front of him. He
turned to Louis and Sarkota and said, "Bring me a glass of fennel
absinthe."

Being the "protector" of Salle de Bal Brise had its perks, and his meals
here were on the house.

As he remembered that he had to hand over most of the dance hall's
profits to the Boss and bribe the police, Lumian felt less inclined to
be frugal.

No matter how difficult things became, he couldn't let himself suffer.
He had to do his utmost to make the Boss suffer instead!

Lumian drank two glasses of the bitter, mind-altering light-green liquid
and remained at Salle de Bal Brise until nearly midnight.

Standing up, he turned to Louis and Sarkota and declared, "I'm going to
bed. Wait until the dance hall closes before you head home.

"If anyone causes trouble, throw them out. If you can't handle them
alone, gather everyone and be bold enough to take action. Don't worry,
I'll take responsibility if anything goes wrong."

What he left unsaid was: If I can't handle the responsibility, I'll
leave it for the Boss to worry about.

Salle de Bal Brise stayed open until 2 a.m. every day, usually opening
between 10:30 a.m. and 11 a.m.

"Yes, Boss," Sarkota and Louis replied in unison.

Upon returning to his bedroom, Lumian lingered for another fifteen
minutes before grabbing the brown suitcase containing Aurore's
grimoires. He squeezed out of the window and smoothly landed on the
ground from the second floor.

He walked through the shadows, turning from Avenue du Marché into Rue
des Blouses Blanches, and entered the safe house he had rented
previously.

After hiding the grimoires and releasing some sulfur to repel the bugs,
Lumian left the room and turned into an alley behind Rue des Blouses
Blanches. He planned to take a detour to Auberge du Coq Doré, where he
would spend the night.

After walking a dozen steps, he noticed a pile of trash beside a
barricade.

Scavengers and cleaners wouldn't come until the next morning to clean it
up. At that moment, it had become a haven for rats, cockroaches, flies,
and stray dogs.

Seeing the rats and stray dogs, Lumian suddenly remembered something.

Among the three metal canisters he had acquired from the perverted
Hedsey, one remained unidentified.

*I might as well give it a try... *Lumian nodded to himself
imperceptibly.

Relying on his exceptional skills, lightning-fast reflexes, nimble
movements, and keen observation, he swiftly stepped on a rat with
grayish-black fur. He crouched down, retrieved the slightly heavy metal
canister, and poured some odorless, colorless liquid into the "prey's"
mouth.

The rat let out a quick squeak, but aside from that, nothing out of the
ordinary happened.

*Considering the pervert's methods, I thought it might be an
aphrodisiac, but it doesn't seem like it... That makes sense. That
pervert possesses Beyonder powers that stimulate desire. He wouldn't
need an additional canister with the same effect...* Lumian
lifted his right foot, watching as the rat scurried back to its
companions. It joined the swarm while emitting continuous squeaks, but
it didn't do anything else.

*Strange...* Lumian stared at the rat for a prolonged moment,
unable to discern anything significant.

Suddenly, a voice as clear as crystal rang out from behind him.

"What are you up to?"

Lumian whirled around and beheld "Red Boots" Franca emerging from the
shadows at the far end of the alley.

She still sported her trademark red boots, off-white breeches, and a
black-and-white checkered blouse. Her flaxen hair was neatly tied up.

Why are you here? Lumian was about to inquire, but he promptly recalled
that Franca resided at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches.

He could only respond honestly, "Conducting an experiment."

"What kind of experiment?" Franca approached with curiosity.

Her eyes, resembling sparkling lakes, surveyed the rats before she let
out a chuckle.

"Has your sister taught you to experiment on rats?"

"Are you referring to laboratory rats?" Lumian found it easy to converse
with Franca. Many words required no further explanation.

He then said, "Didn't Jenna inform you that after I disposed of the
pervert, I obtained three metal canisters? One contained gas that could
render people unconscious. I depleted it when I eliminated 'Hammer' Ait.
The second canister contained an accompanying gaseous stimulant, and
there's still a fair amount left.

"The third canister holds a liquid. I'm unsure of its properties. Hence,
I experimented on these rats."

Understanding dawned on Franca's face.

"So, it's a leftover from that pervert."

She then asked with anticipation, "Could it be an aphrodisiac?"

Why do you share my thoughts, Madame? Lumian gestured towards the
squeaking rat, finding amusement in the situation.

"It doesn't seem so. You appear somewhat disappointed?"

Franca didn't conceal her feelings and let out a sigh.

"Indeed. If it were truly an aphrodisiac, how intriguing it would be."

"If it were indeed an aphrodisiac, what would you want to use it for?"
Lumian suddenly harbored suspicions that Franca intended to do something
to Jenna.

Franca glanced at him.

"Damn it, are you accusing me in your mind? Do you think I have no moral
boundaries?

"I hope it's an aphrodisiac. My main curiosity lies in experiencing its
effects and effectiveness. I would consume some myself and have Gardner
try it as well. If his mistresses desire, they can partake too. Do you
understand the pleasures of flirtation and amusement?"

"..." Lumian was momentarily at a loss for words. After a few seconds,
he responded, "You Trieriens certainly excel at games."

"I'm not a Trierien," Franca retorted, "but I concur with your
statement."

She turned her gaze towards the metal canister in Lumian's grasp.

"Shall I assist you in discovering its properties?"

"Aren't you concerned about the dangers?" Lumian was somewhat taken
aback.

It remained uncertain whether this vial of liquid was a slow-acting
poison or a vessel for curses!

Franca chuckled and replied, "You truly need to supplement your
knowledge of mysticism.

"I intend to employ divination. Witches possess considerable divinatory
abilities."

*Aurore's grimoires made no mention of it. They solely documented the
Witch's Potion, which causes gender transformation. It speculates that
every Witch excels in spells... Yes, those proficient in spells
shouldn't be lacking in divination...* Lumian handed the
liquid-filled canister to Franca.

Franca walked to the edge of the alley and halted behind a five-story
building.

She extended her right hand and traced it back and forth on the dim
glass window.

Simultaneously, she softly recited something in Hermes. Even with
Lumian's acute hearing, he could only catch a few words.

Spirituality... Inquiry... Answer...

A few seconds later, the glass window darkened and deepened, as though
it led to an enigmatic, unknown world.

Franca stepped back, raised the metal canister, and spoke in Intisian,
"What is the purpose of the liquid inside?"

From the depths of the glass window, an aged voice responded, "Induces
an urge to confess."

Franca nodded, expressed gratitude, and concluded the divination.

As the glass window returned to its original state, she turned to Lumian
and stated, "It appears to be a concoction akin to a truth serum."

"Truth serum?" Lumian inquired.

Aurore had never mentioned such a term.

Franca casually explained, "It's a serum that compels people to speak
the truth.

"Once their desire to spill their secrets is triggered, along with the
interrogator's questioning, although there may be a fair amount of
nonsense, it becomes exceedingly challenging to lie. What they utter
should stem from their innermost desires."

*Confiding their desires... Similar to the pervert's other abilities,
involving diverse human yearnings... As expected of a boon from the
Mother Tree of Desire... This could prove quite useful for a Beyonder
like me, who lacks proficiency in spirit communication and divination...
*Lumian retrieved the metal canister from Franca.

Franca glanced around and queried with a smile, "Why did you choose Rue
des Blouses Blanches for the experiment? Shouldn't your activities be
centered around Avenue du Marché and Rue Anarchie?"

Lumian withheld nothing.

"I rented a safe house here to safeguard my sister's grimoires. I fear
they may be damaged if I am targeted."

"Very cautious," Franca nodded approvingly. "Your sister is fortunate to
have a brother like you. I used to have a brother too. He was conceited,
enjoyed flaunting his skills, and lacked practicality. I yearned to
teach him a lesson every day..."

She trailed off midway, her gaze falling upon her red boots.

*Used to have. Does that imply he is no longer present? *Lumian
keenly sensed Franca's unspoken meaning and promptly understood the
reason behind her sudden despondency.

After a few seconds, Franca's smile returned.

"Your sister must trust you too. Otherwise, she wouldn't have revealed
our organization to you. Although we never explicitly mentioned keeping
the research society a secret from our families, hardly anyone ever
discloses it. After all..."

Franca fell silent once more, her smile taking on a bitter tinge.

*After all, what? *Lumian was perplexed, but he refrained from
asking. Instead, he simply elaborated on Aurore's rationale.

"We were caught in a calamity back then, unsure of who would survive and
who would perish. That's why my sister divulged some secrets to me,
hoping they would prove useful in the future."

"Understood." Franca nodded, regaining her composure. She smiled and
remarked, "I thought you came to Rue des Blouses Blanches in search of
me, eager to learn about mysticism."

"It's too late now." Lumian was already feeling weary.

Franca clicked her tongue and chuckled.

"I won't do anything to you. It's too... too mad and shameful to engage
in such activities with someone who knows my true gender."

*Is that so? I was afraid that once you got accustomed to it, the shame
would only heighten your excitement... *Lumian suspected that
Franca, who could be swayed by the notion of "Life is short, why not
give it a try," would engage in more unforeseen endeavors.

After bidding farewell to the Demoness, he returned to Auberge du Coq
Doré.

Nothing eventful occurred in Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman until
Thursday.

At 8 p.m., Lumian arrived at 19 Rue Scheer on Avenue du Boulevard and
met Mr. K in the basement.

Mr. K gestured towards the three assistants holding silver trays behind
him and stated, "There are a total of three mystical items, each priced
between 15,000 verl d'or and 20,000. Make your selection."