---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1652
index: 183
section: vol2
slug: 183
title: Three Items
---

## Chapter 183: Three Items

Upon entering the basement, Lumian's eyes immediately fell upon three
silver plates holding the items.

There was an unassuming white glove, a pair of gold-rimmed glasses with
a tea-colored tint, and a shiny golden button.

Observing Lumian's interest in the mystical objects, Mr. K, seated in a
red armchair, introduced them in a low, raspy voice, "That glove is
Circus. It grants you some weak but peculiar mystical abilities. It can
conjure a gust of wind, create fog, and use bursts of light to mess with
your target's vision. By touching them, you can freeze your enemies. You
can also open most doors without a key. It can even guide you through
solid walls.

"These techniques suit your need for mysticism, but remember, carrying
it will make you lose your way more often. And sometimes, getting lost
brings misfortune.

"Price is 18,000 verl d'or."

*Sounds like the Sequence 8 Trickmaster of the Apprentice pathway
mentioned in Aurore's grimoires... Although the powers aren't
formidable, if used as support alongside traps or my close combat skills
and revolver shots, they can yield miraculous results.* Lumian
found solace in the positive effects of the Circus glove, compensating
for his lack of mysticism and helplessness in certain situations.

However, the negative effects were dire. For Hunters who relied on
tracking and pathfinding, losing their way frequently meant losing their
strengths entirely. Misfortune could strike at any moment, even without
wearing the glove. Merely having it in his pocket would affect Lumian.

Mr. K shifted his attention to the brown, gold-rimmed glasses and
addressed Lumian, "Do you remember the painting from the gathering?"

*Painting?* Lumian's mind immediately conjured the image of the
dizzying oil painting.

The painting, reputedly created by a Beyonder before his demise, boasted
vibrant colors, a peculiar pattern, and a hallucinatory scene. It seemed
as if the artist had descended into madness before his death.

"I do." Lumian nodded.

Mr. K continued, "After the painting's owner passed away, his Beyonder
attributes together with a strange power fused into his glasses,
creating a unique mystical item.

"It allows the wearer to perceive things invisible to the naked eye.
Occasionally, one can glimpse the truth of this world to some extent..."

Aurore's cautionary words echoed in Lumian's mind: "Don't see what you
shouldn't see, don't listen to what you shouldn't hear."

Internally, Lumian couldn't help but criticize, *Isn't this pair of
glasses doing the exact opposite? It's like a weapon of
self-destruction! These items seem to have nothing to do with my two
needs...*

Mr. K glanced at Lumian, his voice still low and raspy in the confined
basement. "By perceiving the world from a different perspective and
witnessing the once-invisible, the wearer will be seized by an
uncontrollable urge to paint. Each painting produced will possess
supernatural effects. For instance, a painting of an ocean will make
onlookers feel as if they're drowning."

"In a similar vein, if you apply various cosmetics to your face instead
of painting on canvas, you can achieve an excellent disguise. Anyone
scrutinizing your face will be convinced that it's your true appearance,
albeit temporarily."

"Remember, once you've painted a 'new' face, avoid looking in the
mirror. Otherwise, you'll believe it to be your real self. Slowly but
surely, your body and mind will transform until you become an entirely
different person."

"Much like this, you can't sustain that newfound countenance
indefinitely. After a span of three hours or more, your sense of self
will gradually succumb to its influence until you wholeheartedly believe
that you are one and the same."

Upon analyzing the possible Beyonder domain of the mystical item, Lumian
couldn't help but speculate, *It sounds akin to the hypnosis and
suggestions of the Psychiatrist pathway, but it differs greatly in other
aspects... Considering the demise of the painter, could it be a power or
aura left behind by an evil god?*

Mr. K fixed his gaze on the brown glasses.

"Its previous owner was a Lawyer, which enables it to manipulate the
target's thoughts, cognition, and conclusions to a certain extent
through words, actions, or a series of processes.

"You can probably surmise its negative effects. Seeing what should
remain unseen and perceiving the truth of the world without adequate
protection exposes you to unknown dangers. Perhaps, one day, you may
meet a peculiar death like the painter, leaving behind an enigmatic
painting.

"The price is 15,000 verl d'or."

*Corresponding to a Sequence 9 Lawyer? The crucial aspect lies in the
peculiar power associated with it. Yes, it doesn't fully reflect a
Lawyer's abilities. Aurore's grimoires describe Lawyers as masters of
eloquence and reasoning, adept at uncovering loopholes in rules and
exploiting their opponents' weaknesses. They create an advantageous
atmosphere to achieve ultimate victory. They can influence judgment,
thoughts, and conclusions through their words, actions, and established
processes. Additionally, they excel at utilizing the power of order...
Lumian mentally reviewed the relevant mystical knowledge.*

However, he remained uncertain about the Lawyer trait, particularly how
to harness the power of order. Aurore lacked knowledge in that regard as
well.

In essence, the brown gold-rimmed glasses fulfilled Lumian's need for
better disguises. They also provided mystical means that required
preparation but were less troublesome than the Alms Monk's elaborate
rituals.

The only issue was its perilous nature!

Lumian contemplated, but didn't reach a final decision. He awaited Mr.
K's introduction of the golden button.

Before long, Mr. K's raspy voice resounded again.

"It's called Flare. It originated from a deceased Light Suppliant.

"It grants additional buffs such as courage and strength through
singing. It enables you to sense the presence of undead creatures and
evil entities. You can also employ spells and rituals from the Sun
domain, making it highly effective against undead souls and similar
targets.

"After wearing it, you'll feel compelled to sing. Darkness and cold
become unbearable, and you'll yearn for sunlight and warmth. If you
haven't removed it after half an hour, you'll become a devoted follower
of the Eternal Blazing Sun, earnestly praising the Sun.

"The price is 20,000 verl d'or."

*If it can resolve my issue of resisting the undead, the negative
effects are bearable... The problem lies in the limited viable
targets...* Lumian pondered deeply, torn between which item to
choose.

His rationale suggested opting for Flare or Circus, yet he couldn't make
a decisive choice.

The brown gold-rimmed glasses catered to both of his needs and were his
preferred option.

By wearing them solely before disguising himself and creating paintings
with supernatural effects in a safe environment, he could effectively
evade most of the negative consequences. Thus, he would avoid witnessing
things he shouldn't and the so-called truth of the world.

In essence, it wasn't an item that needed constant donning. Lumian could
choose the opportune moment to utilize it.

This way, he could proactively construct a spiritual barrier, screening
out anomalies, similar to when he performed the Summoning Dance.

Considering his seal, the "coincidences" of Inevitability, and the
occasional Summoning Dance, Lumian didn't believe an additional trait
would worsen matters.

"I want those glasses."

Mr. K appeared taken aback by Lumian's choice. After a few seconds, he
queried, "Are you certain?"

"I'm certain." Lumian produced a small cloth bag brimming with banknotes
and meticulously counted out 15,000 verl d'or.

Mr. K refrained from further persuasion, emitting a raspy chuckle.

"You're even crazier than I presumed."

There was a hint of admiration in his tone.

Instructing the attendant to accept the 15,000 verl d'or and hand over
the brown glasses to Lumian, Mr. K nodded and remarked, "You can give
them a test run here. It's safe enough."

Lumian caressed the frame and discovered that the seemingly metallic
material had an odd rubbery texture.

*I'll dub you the Mystery Prying Glasses...* Lumian pondered,
recalling his sister's Beyonder pathway.

In the ensuing moment, he placed the brown gold-rimmed glasses on the
bridge of his nose.

Almost instantly, he beheld a multitude of scenes from various angles.

The mottled ceiling, bloodstains in the corners, Mr. K's back that
should have been out of sight, and the attendants stationed in the
corridor...

Lumian also caught sight of a blot of darkness, a silhouette, a gaze
emanating from an unknown source, and a visage concealed within the
shadows.

Beneath the hood lay black, feathery hair, delicate features, sunken
eyes, dark orbs, and ageless skin, only visible from below.

*Is that Mr. K's face?* Lumian experienced a sudden revelation.

Images from different perspectives flooded his mind, leaving him feeling
lightheaded. His state of mind grew increasingly abnormal, and an
insatiable urge to capture everything overcame him.

Hastily, Lumian removed the Mystery Prying Glasses, and his vision
reverted to normal. Yet, the compulsion to draw lingered within him.

Exhaling deeply, he declared, "It's tolerable."

Mr. K offered a brief warning, "Try to employ it in familiar and secure
situations."

After bidding farewell to Mr. K and departing the Psychic's
headquarters, Lumian boarded a carriage back to Le Marché du Quartier du
Gentleman.

En route, as he passed through Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative,
a thought struck him.

*I must gather some canvases, brushes, and paints...*

*Even though my skills are limited to sketching and not particularly
exceptional, the quality of the painting shouldn't influence the
attached supernatural effects. Perhaps, the more distorted and grotesque
it appears, the better the outcome...*

Fifteen minutes later, Lumian alighted from the carriage ahead of
schedule and located a shop specializing in oil painting supplies.

Upon hearing the price, he couldn't help but inquire, "What? 160 verl
d'or? A single canvas costs 160 verl d'or?"