---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1654
index: 185
section: vol2
slug: 185
title: Missing Goods
---

## Chapter 185: Missing Goods

*Why did I have such a dream? It felt eerily real...* Lumian
collected himself and assessed his condition, but found nothing amiss.

Yet, in his dream, he felt as though he was once again wearing the
Mystery Prying Glasses, and they revealed even more.

After pondering for a while, Lumian suspected that the negative effects
of wearing the Mystery Prying Glasses three times in a row still
lingered. They seemed to have seeped into his subconscious, manifesting
in his dream within the confines of Salle de Bal Brise, an ancient
burial ground.

*It appears that something is truly amiss beneath the surface
here...* Lumian sighed inwardly. He rose from his bed, donned
his coat, and resolved to spend the night elsewhere to test his
hypothesis.

Under the cover of darkness, with Salle de Bal Brise devoid of any
illumination, Lumian followed the shadows along the roadside and
returned to Auberge du Coq Doré, its main entrance locked.

For Lumian, this posed no obstacle. He didn't try rousing the irritable
Madame Fels by knocking on the door. Instead, he circled around to the
side, traced the pipe, and climbed onto the balcony on the second floor.

In Room 207, Lumian slept until six in the morning. He experienced only
two sporadic, ordinary dreams.

*So, it was indeed the ancient bones buried deep beneath Salle de Bal
Brise that triggered the residual powers of the Mystery Prying Glasses
within me...* Lumian sat up, a mixture of delight and
disappointment washing over him.

His original plan was to use the Mystery Prying Glasses to create one or
two supernatural paintings each day, accumulating them for future needs.
However, it seemed that frequent use of the glasses was ill-advised. He
would have to wait until the lingering negative effects dissipated
before attempting further experiments. Otherwise, he risked something
dreadful and bizarre happening over time, possibly leading to a strange
demise akin to the Lawyer who had left the glasses behind, leaving
behind only an eerie oil painting with enduring abnormal effects.

*Tonight, I shall sleep within Salle de Bal Brise and ascertain whether
the negative effects have dissipated... In the future, I must refrain
from wearing the glasses more than twice in a brief span of time...
These are the details Mr. K neglected to mention. Yes, I must experience
them firsthand. Only through firsthand experience can I truly
comprehend...* Lumian rose energetically and made his way to the
washroom to freshen up.

It being still early, many of the tenants were still abed, and the
morning remained tranquil, devoid of the usual clamor over access to the
washroom.

From time to time, Madame Fels would ascend the stairs to inspect the
water meters on each floor, ensuring no one wasted the precious
resource.

A contract had been inked between Auberge du Coq Doré and the Imperial
Water Supply Company, stipulating a daily allowance of no less than 250
liters and no more than 500 liters of water. The cost amounted to 100
verl d'or per year.

Leisurely, Lumian strolled to the café on Rue des Blouses Blanches. He
indulged in delectable treats like sablé cookies and brioche, a softer
variation of croissants. Afterwards, he sought out a place for exercise.

Upon returning to Auberge du Coq Doré, he spotted Charlie, sporting a
linen shirt and black trousers, seated on the steps outside the
entrance, relishing a mouthful of meatloaf accompanied by an Apple
Whiskey Sour.

"So early?" Lumian inquired, a smile playing on his lips.

Salle de Bal Brise closed its doors at 2 a.m., and the morning had yet
to reach 8:30 a.m.

Uncertain whether to hastily rise and greet his employer or engage in
the usual casual conversation, Charlie hesitated for a moment before
standing up, a sheepish smile on his face.

"I think I'll catch a bit more sleep before heading back to the dance
hall. I don't think I can keep doing this. I reckon there ought to be
some time when we don't have to sleep or work. Otherwise, it feels,
feels..."

Salle de Bal Brise opened at 10:30 a.m.

"Feels like we're mere machines built for work, devoid of a life to call
our own?" Lumian finished Charlie's sentence, lending him a helping
hand.

"Exactly! That's spot on!" Charlie agreed. "You're quite the refined
individual, you know? Sometimes, you don't seem like a mobster at all. I
mean, not like the leader of the Savoie Mob. You come across as more...
civilized!"

*Had everything gone according to plan, I would have been studying at a
university in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative. I would be
spending time chatting with my classmates and exploring the depths of
Underground Trier...* Lumian's heart sank as he focused his
attention on Charlie.

This was the method he used to observe whether Susanna Mattise's issue
still lingered and when it would rear its head.

"W-What are you staring at?" Charlie stammered nervously. "Do you see
something amiss?"

Lumian eased his worry. His luck appears to be relatively normal and
stable. He smiled, raising his right hand and giving a wave behind
Charlie's back.

"Good morning, Susanna!"

Charlie spun around, eyes wide open, scrutinizing every detail.

A few seconds later, he exhaled and turned back, forcing a smile. He
addressed Lumian, "You're just messing with me again."

That name remained a haunting nightmare he couldn't shake off anytime
soon.

"I'm strengthening your mental endurance. This way, if something truly
occurs, you won't panic and find yourself unable to devise a solution."
Lumian earnestly patted Charlie's shoulder.

Moments before 10:30 a.m., Lumian made his way back to Salle de Bal
Brise.

Upon his arrival, Louis and Sarkota approached simultaneously, their
voices merging into one as they spoke. "Boss, something's up!"

"What's the matter?" Lumian inquired with a smile, seemingly oblivious
to the anxiety and unease radiating from his two subordinates.

Louis glanced towards the staircase, lowering his voice. "Red Boots,
Giant, and Rat are all here. It must be something serious."

*Every leader present?* Lumian pondered his recent actions and
found it hard to believe that he hadn't offended all the leaders of the
Savoie Mob.

*I've been on my best behavior these past few days!*

"Indeed," Louis confirmed with a solemn nod.

Lumian ascended the second-floor stairs nonchalantly, where Franca and
the others awaited.

Franca had swapped her footwear for darker red boots. She sported
light-colored pants and a trendy dark skirt that had gained popularity
in Trier recently. Completing her ensemble was a more masculine formal
attire.

With her right leg crossed over her left, Franca grinned at Lumian as he
approached.

To her right was Baron Brignais, donned in a formal suit and top hat. On
her left was a slender-faced man, barely reaching a height of 1.6
meters, boasting a pair of rat-like whiskers. He wore a dark brown shirt
that fell short, and his thick, grayish-black hair framed his
countenance. His dark blue eyes revealed a trace of anxiety.

"'Rat' Christo," Baron Brignais courteously introduced Lumian to the
thin-faced man.

Baron Brignais then gestured towards the man seated opposite him.
"'Blood Palm' Black."

Black possessed brown hair, blue eyes, and a round face. He appeared to
be in his early thirties and had a warm smile that hardly resembled that
of a mob leader.

Clad in attire leaning more towards formality, his hands were large,
with clearly defined bones beneath the surface. He held a slowly
smoldering cigar.

"Good morning, everyone." Lumian dragged an armchair closer and settled
in, positioning himself nearly a meter away from the table, assuming the
air of someone in control.

"Giant" Simon glanced at him, took a drag from his cigarette, and
exhaled a cloud of grayish-blue smoke.

"Christo met with some trouble and requires our assistance."

"What sort of trouble?" Lumian directed his gaze towards "Rat" Christo.

Christo played a vital role in Salle de Bal Brise's lucrative business.

Despite the premium he charged for the smuggled liquor he peddled, its
lack of taxation made it significantly cheaper than the wholesale liquor
stores in Trier. Moreover, a substantial portion of the alcohol Christo
dealt with was moonshine, cleverly adorned with labels from relatively
renowned brands and origins.

Gritting his teeth, Christo, who bore a striking resemblance to a rat,
spoke up.

"I've lost a shipment underground. The delivery men and escorts have
vanished. Damn it, my younger brother was among them. His wife and child
are in tears at my place!"

*Something has transpired in Underground Trier? Smuggling operations are
divided into carriers and armed protection? That's right. Osta Trul had
mentioned helping others transport illicit books. Horse-drawn carriages
are useless in Underground Trier; they rely solely on manual
labor...* Lumian nodded subtly and inquired, "What kind of
goods?"

"A batch of red wine and brandy, along with some Blackfish." "Rat"
Christo couldn't help but slam the table. "Damn it, we've taken that
route countless times. Nothing ever happened, nor did we encounter those
hyenas."

The term "hyenas" referred to the quarry police, who specialized in
cracking down on smuggling activities and maintained order in the
underground.

Observing Lumian's confusion, Baron Brignais casually explained,
"'Blackfish' refers to firearms."

Among the mob's top five lucrative ventures, the bootleg alcohol supply
chain ranked second. Firearms, due to low demand, brought in the least
profit. The casino business, which was the most lucrative, wasn't
particularly favored in the market district, given the modest incomes of
the local population. The money one could extract from the patrons was
rather limited. Compared to gambling, which required wit, those who
toiled all day preferred indulging in cheap liquor, gyrating their
bodies, and seeking solace in the company of captivating dancers.

Regarding the sale of psychotropic drugs, the police department in Trier
cracked down heavily on it. Following repeated warnings from the market
district's police headquarters, Salle de Bal Brise had put an end to
such incidents. However, Rue du Rossignol, overseen by "Giant" Simon,
occasionally experienced a few cases.

Lumian turned to "Rat" Christo and spoke, "Any suspects?"

"None," Christo lamented. "Damn it, that route is incredibly
well-concealed. Apart from me and my men, no one in the market district
is aware of it."

He paused for a moment before sharing his intentions.

"I need your help to search for clues along that route, using your
expertise. I've gone through it myself, but found nothing."

Without waiting for Lumian's response, Franca nodded and suggested,
"Let's form pairs to ensure safety during the investigation.

"Right, I'll team up with Ciel. There's something I need to discuss with
him."

"Giant" Simon's gaze flickered between Franca and Ciel a few times
before he recalled that Ciel was suspected of sleeping with Franca's
mistress, thus cuckolding her.

Seizing the opportunity to teach Ciel a lesson, "Giant" Simon nodded
imperceptibly and said to "Blood Palm" Black, "You and I will be a
team."

Baron Brignais then turned to "Rat" Christo. "I'll accompany you for
your second trip."

After Baron Brignais and "Giant" Simon scoured the underground route to
no avail, Lumian and Franca followed a smuggler into Underground Trier.