---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1656
index: 187
section: vol2
slug: 187
title: Shadow
---

## Chapter 187: Shadow

"Dammit!" Franca exclaimed with frustration, her voice filled with
intensity.

She scanned her surroundings, her mind racing as she pondered and
speculated.

"Did we stumble upon the same thing that the missing caravan
encountered? Entering that tunnel transported us to another world,
erasing the original footprints? Did we vanish into thin air in
Fernandez's eyes?"

Lumian had never faced such a situation before, nor had his sister
Aurore written about anything similar in her novels. He couldn't make
sense of what was happening.

Lost in thought, his brows furrowed, Lumian suddenly heard Franca's
conjecture.

*How imaginative...* Lumian's initial reaction was a deep sigh
before he contemplated the possibilities.

The more he considered it, the more he realized that Franca's words were
eerily similar to their current predicament. He knelt down and examined
the footprints once again.

"Indeed, the footprints suddenly appear with the weight of something
heavy," Lumian said, gesturing to a dozen steps behind him.

That was the same spot they had previously traversed, yet there were no
traces of their passage.

Franca clenched her teeth and spoke up.

"It seems we truly have entered another world. Or rather, an underground
realm...

"Dammit it! Why did this happen to us? Christo, Brignais, Simon, and
Black encountered nothing and safely returned to the surface!"

*Uh...* Lumian suddenly felt a twinge of guilt at Red Boots's
questioning of destiny.

Crouched on the ground, he instinctively raised his hand and touched his
left chest.

*Was this somehow inevitable?*

*Yes, I can't dismiss the possibility that it's Franca's doing. Her
Sequence is higher than mine, and she carries a mystical item that may
hold some secrets...* Lumian quickly gathered himself.

Franca looked down at her companion and muttered to herself, "Could it
be linked to one of our Sequences? Alternatively, it might be the
adverse effect of your glasses."

Lumian replied thoughtfully, "Hunter and Demoness are neighboring
pathways."

In other words, if this problem stemmed from the convergence of Beyonder
attributes, the two of them couldn't escape responsibility.

Of course, at Lumian and Franca's level, the convergence of Beyonder
attributes wouldn't have such obvious effects. However, Lumian recalled
encountering two Demonesses less than two weeks after arriving in Trier,
and he was only a Sequence 8. He suspected that the power of
Inevitability had transformed convergence into something fated to occur.

*Hmm...* Franca fell into deep thought.

After a few seconds, she clenched her teeth and spoke.

"Perhaps this encounter is truly a problem with our pathway, but why did
Christo's smuggling caravan enter this space and mysteriously vanish in
reality? They've traversed this route countless times without any
issues. Why is it different now? Dammit! That blasted rat must not have
spilled all the beans! He wasn't just smuggling alcohol and firearms
this time. There's something else, something linked to mysticism?"

"That's not necessarily true. Emperor Roselle once said, 'Touch pitch
and you shall be defiled.' Christo's smuggling caravan keeps going
through this troublesome tunnel. Something was bound to happen, and
unfortunately, it happened this time." Lumian rose to his feet,
defending the infamous "Rat" Christo.

Franca was reluctantly swayed. She exhaled and said, "Now is not the
time to dissect the cause. What matters is finding a way out. Sigh, why
is Underground Trier intertwined with the abnormalities of the Hunter
and Demoness pathways? Uh..."

Franca fell silent abruptly, as if recalling something.

"Have you figured something out?" Lumian stood up.

Franca pondered before responding.

"I don't know if your sister ever mentioned anything about the Fourth
Epoch. Uh, she might not even be aware. In short, Trier during the
Fourth Epoch served as the capital of the Tudor Dynasty, and the Blood
Emperor who ruled the empire was likely a High Sequence Beyonder of the
Hunter pathway. Furthermore, the Demoness family of that era shared a
certain connection with one or several prominent nobles of the Tudor
Dynasty. It's reasonable for them to have left something behind in
Trier."

"Demoness family?" Lumian was taken aback by the term.

Franca pursed her lips.

"In the Fourth Epoch, the Demoness pathway was under the control of a
specific family. Sigh, since I chose the Assassin pathway, I could only
do my best to gather relevant information, but I still lack substantial
knowledge."

Lumian steered the conversation back on track.

"Do you suspect that this space is linked to the sunken Fourth Epoch
Trier?"

"Yes," Franca replied vaguely, not ruling out the possibility. She
contemplated for a moment before adding, "The two Churches must have
dealt with the ruins to some extent. If we can find the corresponding
node, we should be able to escape."

Carrying the carbide lamp, Lumian once again examined the ground.

"Should we press on or turn back?

"Christo's smuggling caravan doesn't seem to have noticed anything
amiss. They're still moving forward."

Franca pondered for a few seconds and said, "Let's go back to the spot
where we entered this space and investigate. It's just a few steps away.
We won't waste much time."

"Alright." Lumian walked toward the center of the tunnel.

Soon, he and Franca stood at the place where the smuggling caravan's
tracks had materialized out of thin air, attempting to take a step
forward.

There was no trace of footprints ahead.

After walking another dozen steps, the darkness deepened. Only Lumian's
and Franca's footprints remained on the path.

They had not returned to reality.

"Wait." Franca raised her right hand, signaling to halt. "Let's turn
back and head to the quarry cave we came from. We need to see if
Fernandez has entered this space."

Lumian didn't object.

It could help them further determine the nature of the problem.

Guided by the bluish glow of their carbide lamps, Lumian and Franca
followed the tracks left by the smuggling caravan.

Before long, they reached the quarry cave.

A figure stood at the boundary of light and darkness, with its back
turned towards them.

Franca exclaimed with delight, "Fernandez!"

It seemed that the smuggler had also entered this space. Perhaps the
problem didn't lie with her or Ciel!

However, Franca's expression tightened as soon as she finished speaking.

Simultaneously, Lumian spoke in a deep voice, "Something's off."

Fernandez, the smuggler, had been carrying a carbide lamp. There was no
way he would just stand there in the darkness!

In the next moment, the figure turned around.

Under the illumination of Lumian and Franca's carbide lamps, a bloodied
face came into view.

The man had short flaxen hair, thick brown eyebrows, and lake-blue eyes.

His lips were thin, and his appearance was unremarkable. Yet, his eyes
radiated indescribable malice and hatred.

At that moment, sticky blood stained the man's face, as if it might drip
at any moment.

*It's not Fernandez! Why does he look familiar...* Lumian
assessed the situation as he reached for the black revolver concealed
under his arm.

With a clang, Franca's carbide lamp fell to the ground.

Startled by the noise and the flickering light, the figure darted into
the darkness and disappeared into a tunnel connecting to the cavern.

"What's wrong?" Lumian turned to Franca.

As a Sequence 7 Beyonder, a member of a secret organization, and an
experienced combatant, she shouldn't be displaying such abnormal
behavior and exaggerated reactions!

Franca gazed into the darkness for a few seconds before speaking,
"That... that was my past self..."

Your past self, when you were still a man? Lumian was alarmed.

An unsettling feeling crept over him as he asked in a low voice, "You
mean, before you drank the Witch potion?"

"Yes." Franca bent down and retrieved her carbide lamp, confusion and
fear etched on her face. "I thought no one in this world would remember
that face except for me... Why? Why am I seeing it here? Is it generated
from my memories? Can't our memories be kept secret in this space?"

*Wouldn't that be a good thing?* Lumian's initial reaction was
one of excitement.

If this space could reveal the hidden memories of his subconscious, he
could begin piecing together the truth of the Cordu disaster!

As for whether this space might intrude on something it shouldn't and
risk severe corruption and damage, he paid it no mind.

With his carbide lamp and revolver in hand, Lumian cautiously circled
the empty quarry. He found no other figures or anything related to his
past.

Disheartened, he expressed his disappointment to Franca, "I couldn't
find my past self."

"Could it be that it's not a memory from the past, but rather something
from the future?" Franca suggested returning to the secondary well that
had brought them to this level. By searching for more anomalies along
the way, they might be able to infer the nature of this space and find a
way to leave.

Side by side, they traversed the quarry cave, following the footprints
left by the smuggling caravan, heading towards the edge of Quartier de
l'Observatoire.

As time went on, Lumian and Franca noticed something on the ground
almost simultaneously.

They were scattered droplets of blood, mingled with the disordered
footprints of the smuggling caravan.

"Are the abnormalities starting to manifest?" Franca whispered.

Lumian nodded.

"If we proceed further, we might encounter those people." He glanced at
Franca and added, "Although they may no longer be human."

Franca scoffed.

"Are you trying to frighten me? Do you think that will scare me? Whether
they're corpses or monsters, it's within my expectations.

"Remember, the most terrifying thing in this world is the unknown."

Just as Franca finished speaking, Lumian's expression froze, illuminated
by the glow of the carbide lamp.

"You're still trying to frighten me..." Before Franca could finish her
sentence, she felt something warm sliding from her nose and falling to
the ground.

It was a drop of bright red blood.