---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1662
index: 193
section: vol2
slug: 193
title: Luck Enhancement
---

## Chapter 193: Luck Enhancement

Lumian waited patiently until midnight drew near. As the clock struck
11:30 p.m., the light in Ive's room went out, yet no one emerged from
the apartment. It seemed the miser had decided to save on gas bills and
retired for the night. The final act of the play at Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons concluded as midnight approached. The audience
trickled out one by one, but no one entered the theater.

Lumian muttered to himself, his thoughts racing: *Could it be that the
Prophecy Spell's answer isn't precise enough? After all, the ritualistic
magic was cast by me. It's understandable that its effect isn't perfect.
Yes, that's a possibility. But what if the Prophecy Spell is
accurate?*

Alarmed amidst his thoughts, Lumian's head snapped in the direction of
the door adorned with theater posters.

If the Prophecy Spell was correct, it meant that Monsieur Ive had indeed
been at Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons between 11 p.m. and
midnight.

And if Monsieur Ive truly had been there, who was the identical figure
who had entered the apartment and never left?

There was a strong chance it was a decoy!

*A decoy!*

*No way...* Lumian couldn't fathom his own suspicion.

*How could he be deceived by such a trick, especially after meeting and
conversing with Monsieur Ive before?*

He was more inclined to believe that the Prophecy Spell was flawed.

*Perhaps there's a tunnel beneath the apartment leading to Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons?* Lumian pondered, searching for a
plausible explanation.

Trier was a city where establishing a tunnel was easier than in other
places. It only required a short excavation to connect to underground
passageways and sewers. However, such tunnels were also prone to
discovery. The Underground Trier teemed with people---quarry police
patrolled the area, smugglers traveled through, and planters passed by.
Unless the tunnel went deeper or had a cleverly hidden entrance, it
wouldn't take long for it to be found.

If Monsieur Ive's apartment did have a similar tunnel, he wouldn't have
needed to venture out to the nearby Underground Trier entrance at night.

In the midst of these thoughts, Lumian recalled two important details.

Firstly, he had "witnessed" a change in Monsieur Ive's luck when they
first met. The next day, he realized that luck had inexplicably altered.

Secondly, Monsieur Ive possessed Beyonder powers and had a high
likelihood of being a believer in the evil god, the Mother Tree of
Desire. Despite having a low Sequence, when the official Beyonders
brought him in for questioning, they found nothing amiss.

Combining these perplexing facts with the disparity between the Prophecy
Spell and reality, Lumian's pupils contracted as he muttered to himself:

*A decoy, could it be real?*

*Was the person residing in the opposite apartment all this time after
the robbery a mere decoy?*

*Is that why his luck changed and the official Beyonders failed to
detect anything wrong?*

*How is it possible for him to resemble Monsieur Ive so perfectly? Did
he employ a mystical item akin to the Mystery Prying Glasses or some
other method? And where is the real Monsieur Ive hiding in Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons?* The more Lumian pondered, the more
unnerved he became.

No one had discovered the substitution that took place.

At the very least, Christo's men showed signs of mirror-like reversal.

*The situation is growing increasingly sinister, befitting a follower of
an evil god.* Lumian sighed deeply.

From the assortment of the pervert's abilities, Lumian had already
deduced that Monsieur Ive had sensed something awry after being
"robbed." After all, even a single verl d'or held value as money. No
robber would willingly discard it. And if it had truly been discarded,
it meant that the robbery was not the true objective. It was
understandable, then, that Monsieur Ive had prepared himself to conceal
his secrets from the official Beyonders. Lumian simply hadn't
anticipated such a bizarre method.

He had actually fashioned a doppelgänger identical to Monsieur Ive!

For a moment, Lumian couldn't ascertain whether the decoy in the
apartment was an ordinary person adorned with Beyonder cosmetics or a
devotee of the evil god with extraordinary powers.

If it was the former, Lumian desired to seize the opportunity in the
dead of night, apprehend the decoy, administer a thorough thrashing, and
extract the truth. Then, he would deliver the decoy to the police
headquarters or a cathedral, leaving the official Beyonders to conclude
matters.

If it was the latter, he dared not act impulsively. No one knew the
decoy's Sequence level or the breadth of its abilities.

Lumian turned his head once more, casting a glance at the brick-red,
three-story building housing Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. He
noted that no more patrons emerged from its entrance, dispelling his
idea of venturing inside for another look.

The final performance of the day had concluded!

After contemplating for a while, Lumian resolved to make some
preparations.

He rose slowly to his feet and proceeded toward Le Marché du Quartier du
Gentleman, skulking in the shadows untouched by the glow of the gas
street lamps.

Along the way, he scrutinized the vagabonds slumbering in the corners of
the roadside, his gaze deep and earnest.

Finally, he found a suitable target.

Huddled beneath a makeshift barricade in the alley, the vagabond's
clothing was tattered and stained with mud. His legs bore the marks of
dog bites, festering wounds oozing yellow pus.

In Lumian's eyes, this individual was plagued by misfortune. He would
face a series of calamities in the next two or three days, with his very
life potentially at stake.

This made him the ideal "material" for the Luck Transference Spell!

Yes, Lumian intended to employ the ritualistic magic of the Alms
Monk---the Luck Transference Spell---to fashion an item capable of
transmitting ill fortune.

If the fake Monsieur Ive were to be plagued by misfortune, continually
beset by various predicaments, there was a high likelihood that he would
reveal his predicament to the official Beyonders!

With this in mind, Lumian had been on the lookout for the most hapless
vagabonds. This particular group belonged to the realm of ill-fated
individuals.

With his cap pulled low, Lumian approached the vagabond, positioning
himself so the gas lamps on the street cast his face in shadows.

He crouched down, black-gloved hands ready, and gently prodded the
tramp.

"You..." The tramp stirred, his voice filled with pain and confusion.

"I need your assistance with something. Willing to lend a hand?" Lumian
produced a silver coin, worth one verl d'or, adorned with cherubs and
intricate lines.

The tramp's eyes were immediately drawn to the gleaming coin. Without
hesitation, he nodded and replied, "No problem!"

As he spoke, he extended his hand, already imagining the aroma of Apple
Whiskey Sour and hearty meatloaf.

Once the silver coin was in his palm, the tramp's eyes widened suddenly,
fixated on something behind Lumian. He blurted out in shock, "That's..."

Seizing the moment Lumian turned his head, the tramp swiftly pushed
himself up, attempting to vault over the barricade and sprint down the
alley.

It was evident that giving money to a vagabond and enlisting his
cooperation in something posed a clear danger!

For an ordinary tramp, the logical choice was to accept the money and
make a run for it!

*Whack!*

Lumian swiftly withdrew his right hand, calmly observing as the tramp
slumped against the barricade, unconscious.

From the start, Lumian had no intention of allowing the tramp to witness
everything while awake. Even if he were blindfolded and his ears
blocked, there was still a risk of danger. Moreover, there was the
potential for revealing Lumian's identity and the sinister ritualistic
magic known as the Luck Transference Spell.

Hence, his plan had been to seek the tramp's consent and then render him
unconscious.

Lumian assisted the tramp to his feet, as if supporting a drunken
companion, and guided him to the nearest entrance to Underground Trier.
Finding a concealed spot nearby, he secured the tramp, binding his hands
and feet, blindfolding him, and muffling his ears.

Once everything was in place, he stealthily returned to Salle de Bal
Brise, retrieving a carbide lamp and the necessary tools.

Without delay, he went back to the entrance, carefully lifting the
unconscious tramp and making his way to the quarry cave where he had
previously performed the Prophecy Spell.

This time, however, the ritual had undergone a change. While it remained
a dualistic ceremony, the orange candle representing a deity and other
supplicants had been replaced with one of a grayish-white hue.

It still contained Lumian's blood.

To enhance his chances of success, Lumian intended to utilize the
ritualistic magic to "pray" to the corruption sealed within his chest,
mobilizing a fragment of its power.

After constructing the altar and erecting a wall of spirituality, he
plunged Hedsey's tainted dagger into the tramp, allowing his blood to
flow into a metal vial.

The tramp stirred, only to be swiftly rendered unconscious once again.

Lumian disinfected and bandaged the wound, blending the blood with ash
from his own hair to create an ink-like substance. Using the thinnest
paintbrush at his disposal, he meticulously outlined a series of
intricate and enigmatic symbols on faux goatskin parchment.

The design consisted of interwoven black thorns forming a ring, snakes
with entwined heads and tails, a river composed of these serpentine
figures, distorted lines, a peculiar eye, and more.

By the time he completed a fraction of the intricate work, Lumian's
forehead was drenched in a sheen of cold sweat.

He positioned the tramp and the faux goatskin adorned with symbols upon
the boulder that served as the altar. Dripping perfume into the flames
and sprinkling powder, Lumian took two steps back, fixing his gaze upon
the gently flickering yellow candle flame, and uttered ancient Hermes
words:

"Power of Inevitability!

"You are the past, the present, and the future;

"You are the cause, the effect, and the process."

As before, the flame of the deity's candle compressed to its utmost
limits before expanding, swelling to the size of a clenched fist. Its
hue transformed to a silvery-black shade, distorting everything in its
vicinity. Gray mist filled the air, and a tempest of darkness whirled
about.

Lumian, his ears assailed by frenzied murmurs, endured the vertigo and
switched to the Hermes tongue.

"I implore you,

"I implore you to alter this destitute man's fate.

"I pray that you will take away his misfortune."

At this juncture, Lumian took a step forward and ignited the faux
goatskin adorned with mysterious symbols using the silver-black candle
flame. Placing it within a natural crevice on the altar's surface, he
observed as the parchment began to smolder.

In the next instant, he produced a gold coin worth five verl d'or,
engraved with the Sunbird, and positioned it near the tramp's
outstretched hand.

To those gripped by greed, money was an irresistible lure. It served as
the optimal conduit!

Lumian, burdened by a sensation akin to carrying a weight of over five
hundred kilograms, retreated a step, awaiting the consumption of the
smoldering faux goatskin before commencing the final incantation.

"Gray amber, a herb that belongs to inevitability, please pass your
powers to my incantation..."

The entire altar abruptly ignited, assuming an ethereal semblance.
Before Lumian, an illusory, intricate, and chilling river of mercury
silently coursed its way.

It enshrouded the tramp and the gold coin, amplifying the murmurs in
Lumian's ears and causing the cyan veins upon his face to bulge.

Instinctively, Lumian recoiled from the agony of supplicating for a
boon. Suddenly, the illusory image shrank, descending upon the surface
of the gold coin resting upon the altar.

Everything returned to its former state, except for the gold coin, which
now appeared dimmer under the silver-black illumination.