---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1679
index: 210
section: vol2
slug: 210
title: Performance
---

## Chapter 210: Performance

Upon glimpsing the two figures lurking in the shadows, the impostor Ive
was taken aback. He raised his right hand and pointed accusingly at
Lumian, his voice filled with inquiry.

"Who are you? Why are you pretending to be me?"

As he berated, he hastened his pace, pulling himself out of the tunnel
and leaping onto level ground.

In the past, Lumian would have charged forward, ready for close combat
or drawing his revolver to unleash a barrage of bullets at his foe. He
would have granted no opportunity for words. But this time, for some
inexplicable reason, he yearned to put on a show. He desired to witness
the other party's abilities before seizing the perfect moment to display
his own.

Without an adversary, there would be no performance!

Franca shared the same sentiment. She eagerly longed to stand in for
Lumian, refraining from an immediate attack.

Behind the impostor Ive stood Charlie, disguised as a waiter. As he
crawled through the debris, he caught sight of a figure beneath the dual
glow of a carbide lamp and a lantern.

He froze in shock at the confrontation between the two Ciels. For a
moment, it felt as though he was trapped in a dream. He couldn't discern
who was genuine and who was counterfeit, who aimed to harm him, and who
sought to aid him.

The only certainty he held was that danger loomed over him once more!

The impostor Ive assessed Lumian and turned to Franca, his voice laced
with anxiety and anger.

"Wake up! You've been deceived by this impostor! When have I ever worn
such attire?"

After Lumian warned Charlie, he wiped away his makeup but made no change
to his clothing. He still sported an unusual combination of a simple
formal top and cargo pants. In comparison, the impostor Ive's white
shirt, black vest, brown pants, and laceless leather boots seemed more
in line with his usual style.

Franca couldn't resist putting on a performance.

"Is that so? Then enlighten me, what is my code name?"

The impostor Ive asked in exasperation and amusement, "Madame Red Boots,
have you forgotten your moniker?"

Franca couldn't help but chuckle.

She took a couple of steps backward, blending into the shadows at the
periphery of the carbide lamp's illumination.

The underground, where darkness held sway, was an ideal setting for
Demoness combat!

As the fake Ive beheld the scene, a sense of unease swelled within his
heart. He knew all too well that his attempt to masquerade as the
genuine article had likely been exposed, leaving him unable to maintain
his charade. Instantly, he altered his approach.

Discarding the lantern, he lifted his gaze to meet Lumian's, his
countenance growing frigidly cold.

The corners of his mouth curled into a chilling smirk.

"I can't decide whether to pity or congratulate you for seeing through
my guise, but this definitely isn't advantageous for you."

With lantern in hand, the fake Ive's aura surged, transforming into a
fearsome volcano teetering on the brink of eruption.

Confronting him felt akin to facing the three-headed, six-armed sinister
giant of Cordu. Save for the absence of mental torment and physical
blows, Lumian's reactions mirrored those of his past encounters.

Quivering, he lowered his head, unable to meet the other's gaze
directly. However, his longing to perform and his unwavering resolve
compelled him to raise his head, struggling to fix his gaze upon the
fake Ive's face.

Simultaneously, the darkness beyond the light seemed cloaked in an eerie
green glow. Vines and branches sprouted from the abyss, entwining the
ceiling and rocky walls.

Franca, concealed within the shadows, succumbed to intimidation in the
face of the fake Ive's aura, rendering her unable to maintain her
abilities. Her form materialized less than two meters away from the
impostor.

Meanwhile, Charlie, still sprawled within the passageway, trembled even
more violently. He buried his face in the gravel and earth, his mind
blank.

With a disdainful glance toward Lumian and Franca, the fake Ive spoke.
"You dare to pursue me, utterly ignorant? The only fortunate aspect is
your considerable attractiveness. I find it hard to dispose of you
outright."

His words entered Lumian and Franca's ears, instilling them with fear,
compelling them to turn and flee.

This sensation prompted Lumian to realize something profound.

*A demigod!*

The fake Ive was a demigod, possessing godhood!

Gritting his teeth and summoning his courage, Lumian delved into his
pocket, hopeful that Mr. K's finger could serve as a temporary
deterrent, buying him and Franca an opportunity to escape the
Underground Trier.

*So what if you're a demigod? I've encountered demigods before. Fear
won't break my spirit or halt my resistance!*

Just as Lumian's right palm was poised to make contact with Mr. K's
finger, and Franca was on the verge of fleeing, unable to contain
herself, a cracking noise resounded from above.

A rock the size of a fist descended, mirroring the former descent of its
brethren, hurtling toward the fake Ive, who had been arrogantly
observing Lumian and Franca's reactions.

Caught off guard, the impostor Ive managed only to lower his head,
barely evading the projectile. The gravel struck his left shoulder,
fracturing bone and causing the flesh to sink inward.

He emitted a brief cry, nearly toppling to the ground.

This unexpected turn of events dispersed the menacing aura and godlike
presence, leaving behind a scant few turquoise vines and brownish-green
branches as testament to the recent occurrence.

Snapping out of his shock, Lumian, driven by his desire to perform and
seizing the opportunity to provoke,

discarded the carbide lamp, clutched his stomach, and erupted in
laughter.

"A fake? Is everything about you nothing but fake? Don't tell me that
thing of yours is a mere piece of wood?"

The fake Ive, who had just recovered from the pain, was overcome with
emotion. His gaze fixated upon Lumian, his eyes tinged with an
otherworldly green hue.

Unbeknownst to him, Franca had already sprinkled herself with
fluorescent powder, vanishing into thin air with a hushed whisper.

In the blink of an eye, Lumian found himself consumed by an intense
yearning for the pleasures of the opposite sex.

If Franca hadn't rendered herself invisible, he would have been utterly
powerless against the impulse. However, he wasn't entirely bereft of
reason. It was just that his actions had become burdensome, both
physically and mentally.

Struggling, Lumian extracted the revolver from its holster, endeavoring
to take aim at the fake Ive.

In his current state, he inexplicably found the other's visage
profoundly alluring.

*Bang!*

Lumian squeezed the trigger, but his shot missed the impostor Ive.

Fury ignited within the fake Ive's eyes. With agile grace, he closed in
on his target, his hand rising to deliver a resounding slap across
Lumian's face.

Instantly, his appearance underwent a subtle alteration, as if he
possessed limited control over his image. He softened Lumian's masculine
features, lending them a touch of femininity.

Lumian gasped for breath, his finger squeezing the trigger once more.

A tumultuous surge of desire threatened to consume him. He yearned to
embrace the female rendition of the fake Ive and indulge in unspeakable
acts.

Amidst the maelstrom of his intense emotions, he instinctively recalled
the words of the psychiatrist, Madam Susie, and promptly began taking
deep, steadying breaths.

*Bang!*

Lumian found a measure of tranquility, successfully discharging another
shot from the revolver.

The fake Ive hadn't anticipated the unwavering fortitude of his
adversary, who managed to retain his sanity. Narrowly evading the bullet
that grazed his arm, rending his garments and scorching his flesh, he
couldn't suppress a pained grunt. In that moment, Lumian, warily mindful
of the opponent's abilities, ceased his pretense, seizing the
opportunity to grip the ritual silver dagger and plunge it into his own
ribs, refraining from extracting it.

The pain jolted his senses, quelling much of his desire.

Likewise, the fake Ive shook off the lingering effects of Provocation,
regaining a measure of clarity.

He understood that the current circumstances were ill-suited for an
extended confrontation. Swiftly producing a golden coin, he hurled it
toward the crevice obstructed by debris.

Lumian, overcome by an uncontrollable avarice, lunged toward the
gleaming coin with the ritual silver dagger, eager to claim it as his
own.

Seizing the opportunity, the fake Ive sprinted deeper into the
underground, displaying swiftness surpassing that of ordinary mortals.

Suddenly, his feet skidded, and a slick swoosh echoed through the air.

Unbeknownst to him, the path had been encased in a layer of frost!

Struggling to regain his footing, the fake Ive endeavored to restore his
balance.

However, in that very moment, a towering figure clad in a black robe and
hood materialized behind him.

With a swift motion, Franca extended her right hand, revealing a hidden
blade enveloped in black flames. She aimed to plunge it into the fake
Ive's back, employing an Assassin's Mighty Blow, concentrating all the
force into the blade.

With a pfft, despite the fake Ive's best efforts to evade and rely on
some kind of performance to toughen his skin and muscles like stone, the
blade managed to pierce his body.

His eyes widened, and he twisted his body forcefully, capturing a
glimpse of Franca through his ghostly green gaze.

Having successfully executed her attack, Franca intended to take a step
back and utilize the shadows to create distance before triggering the
detonation of the black flames coursing within the target's body.
However, her limbs suddenly grew weak, and she bent over.

She clenched her legs together, a watery light flickering in her eyes
resembling a serene lake.

Having anticipated the deep connection between the fake Ive she was
tailing and the deviant Hedsey, Franca was prepared for the current
circumstances. Without hesitation, she reached into her concealed
pocket, aiming to retrieve the smelling salts she had acquired earlier.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!*

Lumian, having secured the golden coin, discharged three shots at the
severely wounded fake Ive.

Desperately attempting to evade, the fake Ive's precarious footing on
the icy surface undermined his ability to maintain even basic balance.
Eventually, he plummeted to the ground with a resounding thud, one of
the bullets piercing his abdomen.

With a chance to catch her breath, Franca inhaled the scent of the
salts, the invigorating aroma jolting her senses awake. Suppressing her
desires, she clenched her left hand.

Black flames erupted from the fake Ive's body, devouring his soul and
eliciting a mournful cry.

Lumian aimed once more and pulled the trigger.

The final bullet erupted forth, instantaneously puncturing the fake
Ive's forehead.

With a deafening bang, the fake Ive's head split open, spilling forth
crimson and white.

Observing Franca bend over once again, Lumian hurriedly made his way to
her side, circling around the frost-covered area.

Franca raised her gaze, her eyes moist as she softly gasped for air.

Suddenly, she embraced Lumian, but her nostrils detected the presence of
a metal canister with an open lid pressed against her nose.

The indescribably potent scent compelled her to sneeze repeatedly,
diminishing much of her desire.

"Dammit, this stuff is far more potent than smelling salts!" Franca
blurted out as soon as she regained consciousness.

Lumian quickly took a sniff himself and let out a sneeze.