---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1680
index: 211
section: vol2
slug: 211
title: Spirit Channeling
---

## Chapter 211: Spirit Channeling

While Lumian sneezed, Franca swiftly took two steps forward and crouched
beside the fake Ive's lifeless body.

With a delicate grip, she extinguished the flickering black flames that
still clung to it.

"Thank goodness it hasn't burned too far, or the soul would have
dissipated," Franca breathed a sigh of relief, straightening up. She
reached into her pocket and retrieved a handful of powder that resembled
the pitch-blackness of night.

Lumian stowed away the canister of stimulating gas and glanced at
Franca, curiosity etched on his face.

"Are you planning to channel his spirit?"

In the recent battle, the fake Ive had displayed the strength of a
Mid-Sequence Beyonder and wielded peculiar abilities. Lumian couldn't
hold back, or the situation would have taken a perilous turn.

Franca nodded subtly, responding, "Indeed. Channeling a spirit now will
yield significant results."

"And which entity do you intend to invoke?" Lumian asked casually.

Franca chuckled before answering, "None. I've merged the principles of
Magic Mirror Divination and devised a spirit-summoning spell. While it
may not rival the most professional methods, it suffices. Moreover, it
won't attract the attention of deities from the corresponding domain."

"You're quite clever," Lumian praised, his words laced with a hint of
mockery.

Exasperated yet amused, Franca retorted, "It's called having an academic
spirit. We---uh, your sister---have conducted similar research and
experiments. Usually, I can't be bothered to overthink things. Not
because I lack intelligence, but because the burden of endless
calculations is tiresome. The key to life is to remain relaxed and not
get entangled in every intricate detail."

Her gaze swept over Charlie, still sprawled amidst the rubble in the
tunnel. Franca refrained from mentioning Gandalf, the president of the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society.

Is this why you've adapted so well after becoming a woman? Lumian
observed Franca building a wall of spirituality in the vicinity as he
approached Charlie.

Witnessing Ciel's approach, Charlie snapped out of his daze and crawled
out of the debris on all fours.

Lumian gazed at him, his expression devoid of emotion.

What he was thinking was: *Charlie has just witnessed the battle between
Franca, me, and the imposter Ive. If he seeks refuge at the Eternal
Blazing Sun cathedral, there's a high probability that he won't be able
to conceal it when questioned by official Beyonders utilizing their
powers. This situation differs from the previous one, where the official
Beyonders believed everything was under their control. They were prone
to carelessness and had blind spots in their minds...*

Charlie's initial elation waned as Lumian continued to scrutinize him in
silence. His heart began pounding like a jazz band's drumbeat.

Fear and confusion evident in his voice, Charlie finally mustered the
courage to ask, "What's the matter?"

Lumian observed that Charlie's luck remained a blend of red and black,
although it had slightly improved since before.

This indicated that Susanna Mattise's threat had not been completely
resolved.

He fell silent for a few seconds before speaking up, "Remember to head
to Église Saint-Robert later."

Having already contacted Madame Pualis, Lumian no longer needed to stay
at Le Marché du Quartier du Gentleman or manage Salle de Bal Brise. As
long as he remained with the Savoie Mob, he still had a chance to
fulfill Mr. K's mission.

Furthermore, Franca was now involved. With her vouching for him while in
the Boss's good graces, Lumian could be assigned other profitable
ventures even without Salle de Bal Brise. However, the earnings might
not be as substantial.

"Alright, alright!" Charlie heaved a sigh of relief.

Having experienced many things, Charlie possessed an open-minded
personality. He belonged to the kind of people who grew more excited as
the number of individuals increased. Soon enough, his curiosity got the
better of him. Pointing at the lifeless imposter Ive lying on the
ground, he asked,

"Who's that? Why does he look exactly like you..."

Before Charlie could finish his question, he paused. As the fake Ive met
his demise, the facial muscles relaxed, no longer resembling Ciel. The
corpse appeared unfamiliar.

"That's someone who believed in an evil god and gained strange powers,"
Lumian explained simply, tailoring his response to Charlie's
comprehension. "He has a certain connection to Susanna Mattise."

Charlie felt a lingering fear.

"No wonder he kept leading me underground..."

Unable to hold back, Lumian cursed, "You imbecile! You've been with him
for so long, and yet you didn't sense anything was off about him? Does
having my face mean he's me?"

Charlie replied sheepishly, "When I entered Underground Trier, I sensed
something was wrong.

"He was very quiet. He only mentioned taking me underground to
completely resolve the Susanna Mattise problem. He's not like you,
always cracking jokes and teasing.

"I thought it was because the situation was urgent and you weren't in
the mood..."

Lumian sighed and shifted his gaze to Franca, realizing that Charlie,
being an ordinary person, couldn't see through the Beyonder disguise
that could fool even official Beyonders, no matter how astute he was.

The Witch had finished preparing for her own spirit-channeling spell.
Standing before the fake Ive's lifeless body, she held two white candles
and chanted a series of incantations in Hermes.

Due to the wall of spirituality, Lumian could only catch fragments of
the chant. Franca described herself and the imposter Ive, with the
former being the source of spirituality and the foundation for
maintaining the ritual, and the latter being the object of prayer---the
Magic Mirror that provided answers to questions.

As for Charlie, he heard even less and couldn't make sense of it all.

A faint light emerged on the makeup mirror in Franca's hand, and its
interior turned into an abyss of deep darkness, as if it had sunk to the
river's depths.

A hazy, pale-white face swiftly appeared in the mirror, bearing a
resemblance of 50 to 60% to the deceased fake Ive.

Switching to Intisian, Franca inquired, "Who are you and which
organization do you belong to?"

The imposter Ive, replied in a dazed manner, "Rentas, a member of the
Bliss Society."

*Rentas...* Lumian suddenly recalled the name.

The word "Rentas" often appeared on the posters outside Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons. He was a prominent male supporting actor.

Franca pressed on with her questioning, "What kind of organization is
the Bliss Society? And how is it connected to Susanna Mattise?"

The imposter Ive, Rentas, spoke with an otherworldly voice, "The Bliss
Society was originally a secret society for women who love women.
Susanna was one of them.

"She grew weary of being involved with members of parliament,
high-ranking officials, bankers, newspaper moguls, and other men. She
sought solace among fellow ladies and madams who shared her love for
women. Eventually, she received divine enlightenment and a boon,
becoming a priestess of my lord. She transformed the small Bliss Society
into a secret organization that worships my lord.

"In today's society, it's inconvenient for women to be openly involved
in many affairs. Therefore, the Bliss Society has admitted some male
members who can also receive boons, but they lack the privilege to
partake in core matters or possess knowledge of the most confidential
aspects."

"Remarkable!" Franca applauded.

She knew that Rentas was referring to the evil god known as the Mother
Tree of Desire. Delving into such matters made her apprehensive, fearing
that she might stumble upon mystical knowledge she shouldn't acquire.

*A secret society for women who love women... Male members excluded from
core matters...* Lumian suddenly grasped something.

He stood by the wall of spirituality and gazed at the makeup mirror in
Franca's hand.

"So, Hedsey frequently seeks out street girls and hunts for prey because
his desires cannot be fulfilled within the Bliss Society?"

"Yes," Rentas replied. "Women love women exclusively. When I was a Sex
Addict, I had to satisfy my desires on my own. Fortunately, I was more
attractive than him and had female audience members who admired me.
There were plenty of street girls in the market district, so I didn't
need to take the risk of pursuing excitement."

"That's lit!" Franca expressed her feelings with peculiar words. She
clicked her tongue and sighed. "Isn't there a regular secret group for
women who love women?"

"Yes," Rentas firmly responded. "To my knowledge, there's the Moment
Society and the Narcissus Society. They often organize women orgies at
Trocadéro's Red House Café. We have been attempting to establish contact
with them and convert them into believers of my lord."

Trocadéro was situated in Quartier 16 on the north bank of the Srenzo
River, in the square district. Known as the Triumph Square established
by Emperor Roselle, it was a small town surrounded by a vast suburban
forest. It was renowned for its exceptional wine production. Trocadéro
Wine stood second only to Aurmir red wine in the world.

Fascinated, Franca listened and repeated the terms, "Trocadéro... Red
House Café... Women orgies..."

Lumian couldn't help but feel more concerned about the term "Sex
Addict." It seemed to perfectly suit the twisted state of Hedsey. It
likely corresponded to Sequence 8 of the Mother Tree of Desire pathway.
However, he feared that time was running out for the spirit channeling,
so he didn't rush to delve into the matter. Instead, he redirected his
focus to Susanna Mattise.

"How did Susanna Mattise transform into an evil spirit? And why did you
bring Charlie underground?"

Rentas's pale-white face contorted in distortion.

"She died while receiving a boon and transformed into an evil spirit.

"She told us that because her name was still on the lips of many
Trieriens and her portrait was used by numerous men to satisfy
themselves, she didn't completely dissipate. She retained a certain
level of rationality, albeit warped. She became more consumed by her own
affairs, neglecting all else.

"She was gravely injured by official Beyonders during her last encounter
and spent time recuperating at the altar. We were worried that once she
fully recovered, she would seek out Charlie and attract the attention of
the authorities. So, we took advantage of the election and brought
Charlie to the altar in advance, handing him over to her for handling."

Charlie had already moved to Lumian's side. His face turned ashen as he
listened, feeling as if he had stepped into the depths of hell.

Franca nodded subtly and spoke, "Where is this altar? How much time
until Susanna Mattise fully recovers?"

"The altar..." The surface of the makeup mirror revealed a fading blurry
face, unveiling an underground tunnel.

The tunnel stretched endlessly, branching off in multiple directions
before leading to a small quarry cave engulfed by vines and branches.

There, a colossal brownish-green tree stump emerged abruptly from the
ground. Its form consisted of thick branches, with roots originating
from an unknown place.

As the image of the tree stump grew clearer, Franca hastily interrupted
the manifestation, fearing any potential disturbances.

Rentas continued, "Susanna will regain her full strength in two days and
depart from the altar."