---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1681
index: 212
section: vol2
slug: 212
title: Actor
---

## Chapter 212: Actor

Franca carefully calculated the time and inquired with meticulous
detail, "What perils lie at the altar? How much progress has Susanna
Mattise made in her recovery today?"

Upon hearing Franca's question, Lumian made a rough conjecture about her
thoughts.

If it was possible, they could seize the opportunity to destroy the
altar and eliminate Susanna Mattise, who was now weakened, once and for
all!

Before departing from Salle de Bal Brise to track down the imposter Ive,
Lumian had contemplated a similar issue. Since Rentas had taken Charlie
underground, he believed their destination was Susanna Mattise's hiding
place. Consequently, when he retrieved the carbide lamp, he also
retrieved a few bundles of detonators from the safe, hoping to utilize
the unique environment to blast those intruders to their demise.

Rentas's hazy, pale face took on a hint of sanctity.

"The altar is the altar. Only the light of my lord exists. There is no
danger."

Lumian muttered to himself, standing by the wall of spirituality, *By
stating it that way, it only heightens the danger.*

Rentas continued, "I do not know the exact condition of Susanna. All I
know is that two weeks ago, we could not see her, but she would
occasionally make sounds. Last week, she could communicate with us
normally, and we could perceive her when we activated our Spirit
Visions. Today, she remains the same as before, but she appears
extremely feeble."

Based on Rentas's account, Lumian made a preliminary estimation.
*Susanna, who was originally a Fallen Tree Spirit equivalent to Sequence
5, is now nearing Sequence 6?*

If Susanna had not been hiding at the Mother Tree of Desire's altar,
Lumian would have considered it worth the risk.

Franca pondered for a moment and spoke, "Do you typically offer prayers
at the altar and receive boons?"

"Yes," Rentas replied with a nostalgic tone. "Susanna is our priestess.
She enables us to experience the Lord's love for the world and unveils
everyone's true desires, allowing us to truly understand ourselves."

Upon hearing this, Franca decided to forego further inquiries and seek
the truth in the details.

"Is the altar usually protected?"

"Susanna is always there," Rentas's blurred, pale face swayed gently in
the mirror.

Franca gazed at the makeup mirror in her hand and queried, "Was the
altar under anyone's protection during the two weeks that Susanna was
severely injured?"

Rentas's spirit responded truthfully, "No."

Franca couldn't help but turn her head and glance at Lumian. She
realized that he too appeared disappointed and regretful.

From Rentas's answer, they both discerned a crucial fact: the altar
possessed a concealed and formidable protective mechanism!

Otherwise, regardless of its underground concealment and the
difficulties in locating it, they would need to consider guarding
against bounty hunters or cave adventurers fond of searching for
treasure in Underground Trier. Simultaneously, they would have to be
cautious of smugglers who might have temporarily altered their routes or
wandering university students.

Franca let out a sigh, deciding that it would be best to leave the altar
and Susanna Mattise in the hands of the authorities.

The evil spirit still needed two more days to recover, and she and
Lumian had already discovered the whereabouts of the altar. They had
ample time!

Franca shifted her focus and inquired about something else.

"How many members are there in the Bliss Society at Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons?"

"Not many," Rentas's blurry face with flickering dark-green eyes
responded. "But I only know a few. Ive, Hedsey, and I report to Maipú
Meyer. He is the theater manager and represents Susanna in the core
affairs of the Bliss Society since she became an evil spirit."

"Why choose a man? Isn't it believed that women only love women? It
would be easier to communicate with the other key members of the Bliss
Society if it were a woman," Franca objected.

Are you certain there's no hidden significance in this conversation?
Lumian sensed Madame Hidden Blade's curiosity piqued.

Rentas's voice drifted as he replied, "Maipú Meyer used to be Susanna's
lover."

Franca clicked her tongue and sighed.

"So, we have the high priestess going against the principles of the
organization, loving both men and women."

As she spoke, she cast a glance at Charlie, who appeared bewildered and
terrified.

Rentas didn't shy away from revealing the truth about Maipú Meyer.

"Before Susanna joined the Bliss Society, they were lovers. Furthermore,
he was the only one who could make Susanna feel at ease and relaxed.
After her divine awakening and embracing her faith in my lord, she
transformed the Bliss Society and recruited Maipú Meyer. However, their
intimate relationship ceased. When she became an evil spirit, she no
longer limited her affections to women and resumed her connection with
Maipú Meyer. Meanwhile, she sought out other targets, infiltrating their
dreams and draining their energy. She would fall in love with them
before killing them."

Charlie's face grew paler with each passing word, as if he had fallen
into an inescapable nightmare that would only end in death.

Franca, who had seriously contemplated having her lover Gardner bear her
child, commented, "This is all rather twisted."

She then smiled and remarked, "Does Maipú Meyer enjoy wearing green
hats?"

"No, he now exclusively wears a black top hat. He even meticulously
grooms the tips of his beard," Rentas dismissed Franca's speculation.

Lumian recalled the mention of a woman's death in Aunett Town during Mr.
K's Gathering.

*If Maipú Meyer receives a boon and becomes a male Fallen Tree Spirit,
could he enter women's dreams and induce erotic fantasies to drain their
energy, gradually weakening them until they perish?*

*The Bliss Society consists of women as its key members, emphasizing
that they only love women. It is unlikely for male members to attain
such high levels of power. Those incidents are not a result of the Bliss
Society, but they too believe in the Mother Tree of Desire? Or could it
be due to women loving women?*

Franca pressed on with her questioning.

"Why don't you even know the number of members in the Bliss Society at
Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons? So, other than Susanna, there are
no female members among the Bliss Society members you're familiar with?"

Rentas's pale, blurry face seemed to contort.

"Only Maipú Meyer interacts with the female members."

"While I'm uncertain about the current status of female members at
Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, I can speculate on who they were
in the past."

"How?" Franca inquired curiously.

Rentas replied, "Those who joined our theater started as supporting
actresses. Through honing their acting skills, they eventually became
the leading ladies before they left. They were the key members of the
Bliss Society.

"The theater was established as a safe and dependable venue for them to
fulfill their inner desires until they could gain initial control."

"Why must they act?" Lumian recalled Rentas's various performances.

Rentas struggled for a moment before explaining, "We were blessed with a
boon equivalent to a Sequence 7 called Actor.

"This gift enables us to evoke a deep yearning for attention and a
desire to perform in our targets. It also awakens our own hidden desire
to showcase ourselves and perform. Before we fully master the power of
this boon, we cannot restrain this impulse. Therefore, we require a
proper stage to satiate our desires without arousing suspicion.

"Every applause from the audience is a validation for us."

*A peculiar Sequence... Instead of immediately attacking Rentas, I
confronted him. I failed to utilize the ritual silver dagger in time to
suppress my explosive desires because unknowingly, my own desire to
perform was awakened...* Lumian came to a realization.

Franca clapped her hands, exclaiming, "That explains it. No wonder I was
so immersed in acting today!"

She smiled and inquired, "Does your ability to disguise as Ive and Ciel
also come from Actor?"

Rentas's face nodded slightly.

"We can manipulate our muscles, skin, and bones to a certain extent. We
possess all the necessary skills for disguise, including makeup
techniques and prop production. Moreover, Actors have the talent for
'imitation.' They can convincingly portray anything. If they act as an
ordinary person, their Astral Projection will appear ordinary as well.
If they portray a soldier, they'll display remarkable combat and
marksmanship."

"What if they act as a woman?"

"What about acting as a Beyonder?"

Franca and Lumian raised their questions.

Finally, the two of them understood how the fake Ive could deceive
official Beyonders and why the theater performers at Théâtre de
l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons excelled in their craft.

Working with real Actors every day, it was no wonder their acting skills
were top-notch.

Rentas's spirit spoke in a dazed manner, "To portray a woman, you need
to prepare props in advance, such as fake breasts and long hair.

"When acting as other Beyonders, if I have observed them beforehand, I
can replicate their corresponding abilities, but they won't have
tangible effects. They are more like illusions. However, if I were given
the opportunity to closely observe and learn from a Beyonder over
several months, I could perform similar but significantly weakened
abilities."

*Impressive indeed...* Lumian sighed, then asked in a deep
voice, "Who were you impersonating when you emanated that powerful
aura?"

"None other than Susanna, as she connects with the altar's aura while
conducting the boon ritual." Rentas revealed a trace of piety and
reverence.

Franca and Lumian exchanged glances, grateful that they had abandoned
the idea of heading to the altar to eliminate future troubles.

Based on Rentas's response, it appeared that when Susanna merged with
the altar, she could exhibit power at a demigod level!

"Do Actors possess any other abilities?" Franca inquired.

Rentas shook his head. "No. However, Maipú Meyer once cautioned me
against becoming too engrossed in my roles while acting."

Lumian seized the opportunity to ask, "What are the names of the other
Sequences corresponding to Actor?"

Rentas's voice took on a sinister tone. "Sequence 9 Scrooge, Sequence 8
Sex Addict, Sequence 6 Recipient, and Sequence 5 Baby Cupid. Beyond
that, I am unaware."

*Quite fitting...* Lumian, who was acquainted with the abilities
of Scrooge and Sex Addict, questioned further, "What does 'Recipient'
entail?"

"It involves craving success and recognition from high society or the
public," Rentas explained.

Curiosity piqued, Franca asked, "It seems that you Actors aren't able to
fully control your corresponding desires at every Sequence. At Sequence
5, won't your desires explode upon encountering anything?"

"In truth, as they progress through the Sequences, individuals can
gradually gain control over their corresponding desires," Rentas
clarified. "For Actors, their primary desire is acting. Their desires
for wealth and the opposite sex are only slightly stronger than usual.
They won't appear pathological or completely uncontrollable as a
result."

Lumian found himself perplexed.

"Then why were you so miserly when you portrayed Monsieur Ive?"

He chose to pick up a gold coin of unknown origin.

Rentas responded naturally, "Because the real Ive is like that. I must
stay true to the role."