---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1682
index: 213
section: vol2
slug: 213
title: Correct Interpretation
---

## Chapter 213: Correct Interpretation

Upon hearing Rentas's response, Lumian found himself torn between
laughter and rejoicing, grateful that he had achieved a satisfactory
outcome through a mistaken train of thought.

Originally, Lumian believed that Beyonders, like the imposter Ive, who
worshiped the Mother Tree of Desire, would struggle to control their
insatiable hunger and carnal desires. That's why he decided to use a
gold coin to carry the vagrant's bad luck. To his surprise, the
followers of the evil god were primarily influenced by their specific
desires at different stages. Once they mastered the power or received a
new boon, they could break free and progress to the next state. While
their desires remained potent, they were no longer uncontrollable.

In simpler terms, if Rentas hadn't been portraying Monsieur Ive and
didn't feel the need to exhibit stinginess, there was a high probability
that he wouldn't have picked up the ill-fated gold coin and would have
approached the situation with greater caution.

Of course, if Rentas hadn't been attuned to changes in fate and failed
to detect the issue with the gold coin, he would likely have claimed it
for himself once he realized its owner was long gone and wouldn't
return. After all, he possessed a touch more greed than the average
person, and as the saying goes, "finders keepers" in the hearts of a
certain percentage of ordinary individuals.

Lumian now grasped the full meaning behind Rentas's words.

*Indeed, one mustn't become lost in the role when acting.*

*However, Rentas was in the midst of acting, so scrutinizing the details
was not a concern for him. Otherwise, it would have been easy for others
to discover his true identity as the impostor Ive...*

Franca sensed that the spirit channeling was coming to an end and
hurriedly asked, "Who are the suspected key members of the Bliss
Society?"

Rentas's pale, indistinct face twitched.

"Even if I were to tell you, you wouldn't find them.

"They joined Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons after receiving boons
and becoming actresses. They adopted false names and concealed their
true faces. Once their acting skills reached maturity and they gained
control over their corresponding desires, they would reclaim their real
identities upon leaving the theater.

"If you wish to uncover their assumed identities, gather a list of all
the female leads in Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons' plays from the
past two years. Look for those who performed most frequently."

At the mention of the female lead at Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à
Pigeons, Lumian's mind recalled a name.

"Could Charlotte Calvino be one of the key members of the Bliss
Society?"

She played the lead in the play Forest Fairy. The costumes in the
promotional stills evoked memories of Susanna Mattise.

Rentas's face grew increasingly elusive, and his voice became more
ethereal.

"I don't know. She rose through the ranks as an apprentice actress and
only recently started taking the lead roles in the past few months.
She's not an outsider, but Maipú Meyer might promote her to a member of
the Bliss Society."

Franca was about to inquire about Maipú Meyer's corresponding stages and
abilities when Rentas's spirit, consumed by black flames, could no
longer hold on and dissipated upon the surface of the makeup mirror.

With a tinge of regret, Franca concluded the ritual and dismissed the
wall of spirituality.

As she squatted beside Rentas's lifeless body, rummaging through his
pockets, she let out a sigh and remarked, "I didn't manage to get to
Maipú Meyer. Forget it, I'll leave it to the authorities to handle it."

Lumian paused, pondering her question.

"I've heard from a playwright that Maipú Meyer is highly ambitious. He
aims to make Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons the most renowned
theater in Trier and receive the prestigious Intis Legion of Honor
medal."

"Desire for success and recognition?" Franca recalled Rentas's depiction
of a Sequence 6 recipient. "I suppose that's the limit for male members
of the Bliss Society?"

"Likely so," Lumian struggled to provide a precise answer.

Franca had already collected a stack of items.

Two metal canisters, a leather wallet, a peculiar dough that conformed
to facial contours, thin skin-like pieces, eyebrow pencils, and various
makeup tools...

"Give it a sniff." Franca tossed the two metal canisters to Lumian.

Lumian distinguished them for a moment before responding, "One canister
contains the scent you just experienced, and the other should hold a
matching sedative."

They appeared to be essential items for followers of the Mother Tree of
Desire when venturing outside.

"Mysticism-branded smelling salts?" Franca mused, then added, "You can
keep what's left of the canister you have. This is mine. I'll give you
the sedative. Choose from these disguises and take the money from the
wallet. Anything you don't want, I'll keep. Bloody hell, this pauper
doesn't even possess materials, talismans, or weapons, let alone
Beyonder characteristics or mystical items!"

"The sedative and mysticism smelling salts will prove useful," Lumian,
who had only obtained Beyonder abilities from "Hammer" Ait, didn't show
much concern.

Franca didn't overlook any part of Rentas's body---including his crotch
and soles---yet she found nothing more.

She withdrew a folded cloth bag and opened it, carefully stashing away
the collection from the ground. Then, she addressed Lumian, "We'll
divide this once we return."

With that, she rose to her feet and glanced at the frightened Charlie.
She muttered to herself thoughtfully, "He witnessed our clash with
Rentas. What should we do?"

Charlie's legs trembled, and as he leaned toward Lumian, he gritted his
teeth and proclaimed, "I-I won't betray you!"

Without waiting for Lumian's response, Franca let out a sigh and
declared, "Forget it. We'll leave it to the official Beyonders."

She deliberately introduced the topic before promptly reaching a
conclusion. Lumian, finally freed from the grip of his acting impulses,
regained his composure and rationality. After careful consideration, he
suggested,

"I have alternative solutions.

"Charlie doesn't need to seek refuge at Église Saint-Robert, nor does he
need to worry about Susanna Mattise finding him."

He thought of his Luck Transference Spell!

Before, he refrained from using it as Susanna Mattise had yet to bother
Charlie. There was no corresponding fate to alter. But now, Susanna
Mattise was on the path to recovery, and Charlie was her primary target.
His luck had taken a turn, and a life-threatening calamity loomed. His
luck had indeed changed!

When the moment arrived, Lumian would "gift" the gold coin carrying the
weight of the impending disaster to the real Ive, allowing them to face
it on their own.

Naturally, this differed from the Substitution Spell and Fallen
Mercury's Fate Exchange. It only diverted bloodshed temporarily. In
other words, Charlie wouldn't be in Susanna Mattise's crosshairs for the
next few days. However, in a few days' time, unless Susanna Mattise was
wholly purified or had lost her memories, this external threat would
still remain.

Nevertheless, the authorities would take action tomorrow, armed with
sufficient intel!

When Lumian realized that Charlie's luck was in jeopardy, he refrained
from intervening because he could only change Charlie's luck, not his
own. Susanna would undoubtedly target him as well, the adversary who had
provoked Charlie's betrayal. Therefore, he opted for the simplest
approach---to disguise himself and urge Charlie to seek refuge at the
Eternal Blazing Sun cathedral, thus buying more time to guard against
Susanna Mattise. They were now certain that Susanna had two days left to
recuperate.

"Really?" Charlie's eyes brightened.

Lumian smiled and inquired, "Do you trust me or not?"

Charlie stammered, "I-I believe you! I believe you!

"You just like to tease people about trivial matters."

Curiosity piqued, Franca asked, "What way?"

*A method you shouldn't be aware of... *Lumian silently
muttered, contemplating the specifics.

*If I wish to alter Charlie's current luck, mere prayers won't suffice.
I must harness the power sealed within me...*

*Poor Charlie; I'll have to render him unconscious. I can't expose the
corruption within me or the suspicion of seeking aid from an evil
god...*

Just as Lumian was about to instruct Charlie to accompany him and
prepare for his temporary incapacitation, a thought flashed across his
mind.

*Does utilizing the power within the seal constitute exploiting
Termiboros?*

*Should I write to Madam Magician and seek her opinion?*

*Previously, the tramp's ill fortune bore no relation to mysticism or
Beyonder abilities. The ritual required minimal power. However, the
support needed to resist a Sequence 5 evil spirit atop an evil god's
altar would likely be several times greater than before...*

*What would occur then?*

*Since Charlie's luck changed, everything had become urgent. The timing
was impeccable. It seemed as though an opportunity had emerged without
allowing me a chance to weigh my options...*

*If I hadn't just corresponded with Madam Magician and received her
reminder, I might have already altered Charlie's luck...*

Noticing Lumian's motionless state, Franca inquired, "What's the
matter?"

Shaking off his stupor, Lumian contemplated for a moment.

"I just realized that the method I had prepared seems to have
significant flaws."

"Ah," Charlie uttered, a mixture of disappointment and concern.

Franca ruminated for a few seconds before suggesting, "I have an idea as
well.

"Charlie won't head to Église Saint-Robert. He'll follow us to Rue des
Blouses Blanches.

"As long as we survive the night, we'll be fine by tomorrow.

"Think about it. Our original plan was to confront Susanna Mattise, and
she still has two days remaining at the altar. Even if we face an attack
tonight, it will likely come from Maipú Meyer and his lackeys. Even if
he recruits other key members of the Bliss Society, as long as they are
inferior to Susanna Mattise at the altar, we stand a good chance of
holding out until dawn. If things don't go as planned, we can create a
commotion and attract the attention of official Beyonders. We can escape
from the market district amidst the chaos.

"This is the worst-case scenario. However, if Charlie goes to Église
Saint-Robert, we must consider moving immediately. We could also become
targets."

Lumian pondered for a few moments and found the idea quite feasible.

He nodded and stated, "I have no objections."

His gaze then fell upon Charlie, who eagerly replied, "I don't have any
issues either."

Charlie held considerable confidence in Ciel and Franca.

Lumian refocused his attention and observed Charlie's luck.

To his surprise, Charlie's impending disaster had noticeably weakened
and showed signs of improvement!

*What... Charlie's true misfortune lies in participating in the luck
transference ritual? Did his fate change when I abandoned that notion?
Although a bloody calamity still awaits, it appears less severe...
Bloody Termiboros! *Lumian comprehended the situation in an
instant and couldn't help but inwardly curse.