---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1694
index: 225
section: vol2
slug: 225
title: Exposed
---

## Chapter 225: Exposed

On 126 Avenue du Marché in Lumian, concealed as Alsai, a member of the
Poison Spur Mob, pressed the doorbell of the three-story building with a
garden out back.

Amidst the pleasant chimes, the valet, who had previously ushered Louis
Lund inside, swung open the wooden door.

Seeing Alsai's face beaming with joy, he returned the smile.

"Have the voting results for today been announced?"

"You bet!" Lumian concealed his voice with feigned delight. "Monsieur
Hugues Artois will be the new member of parliament by noon tomorrow!"

The valet had long been a believer in the Great Mother, and he had been
promised a reward of becoming a Villain after the election. Hearing this
news delighted him, and he led Lumian straight to the living room.

In the living room, "Black Scorpion" Roger, now wearing aqua-blue silk
pajamas, lounged on a divan. He addressed "Short-legged Candlestick"
Castina, nestled beside him while he playfully squeezed her buttocks,
and "Baldy" Harman, who paced around the room.

"Hold on tight. It all comes to an end tomorrow night.

"No matter what happens in the next 24 hours, we can't leave this
place!"

*Is that so? Are you willing to stay here even if there's a fire,
explosion, or earthquake?* Lumian criticized silently. He shook
off the valet and swiftly approached.

"Boss, I have good news!"

"Black Scorpion" Roger's excitement was palpable. He forgot to
scrutinize his subordinates' movements, voices, and appearance. His eyes
sparkled as he inquired, "Has Monsieur Hugues Artois won the election?"

"Baldy" Harman and "Short-legged Candlestick" Castina turned their gaze
toward Lumian as well.

At that moment, Lumian had closed the gap between him and "Black
Scorpion" Roger, standing just three meters away from the divan and the
glass coffee table before it.

He exclaimed with excitement, "He's only 2,000 votes away from securing
a majority!"

"Black Scorpion" Roger felt a tinge of disappointment, but his happiness
prevailed.

He nodded and proclaimed, "Very good..."

Before he could even complete his sentence, Lumian's hand caught his
attention.

He was wearing a pair of black gloves.

Alsai didn't have such a habit!

At that moment, two blinding beams shot out from Lumian's eyes---like
silent bullets and swift lightning bolts.

With a snap, "Black Scorpion" Roger felt the imaginary sound of his
Spirit Body shattering, sending waves of excruciating pain through him.
He cried out tragically, clutching his head in agony.

In his state of distress, he completely forgot to activate the
protective enchantment that usually shrouded the master bedroom and
living room.

The sudden twist of events, their origin unknown, left "Short-legged
Candlestick" Castina and "Baldy" Harman bewildered, struggling to
comprehend the situation. Their responses were purely instinctive.

One of them stood tall, assuming a defensive stance against the
suspicious Alsai, while the other sprinted towards their boss, shielding
his flank.

Lumian seized this golden opportunity. Drawing his weapon, Fallen
Mercury, he lunged at "Black Scorpion" Roger, who huddled on the couch.

Witnessing the attack, "Short-legged Candlestick" Castina intercepted
with her right elbow, disregarding the harm that would befall her. Her
intention was to aid "Black Scorpion" Roger in fending off the strike.

In her other hand, she grabbed the nearby axe, attempting to swing it at
Alsai.

Suddenly, a figure dressed in black robes, their face concealed beneath
a hood, materialized behind her.

Franca!

Franca had skillfully employed Invisibility to trail Lumian all the way
to this location. Her primary target was "Short-legged Candlestick"
Castina, the one providing protection to "Black Scorpion" Roger.

She refrained from directly assassinating "Black Scorpion" Roger,
fearing that a fatal blow jeopardizing his life would activate the
"magic circle" with its substitution effect.

The hidden blade, wreathed in black flames, darted forth alongside
Franca's Mighty Blow. It pierced through Castina's back, finding its
mark in her heart.

Castina's brown eyes widened, her face contorted with disbelief, pain,
and despair.

Despite the injury, she continued to block for "Black Scorpion" Roger,
but her strength had already abandoned her.

Lumian's arm seemed to possess no bones. With fluid motion, he flicked
his joints and swung his forearm, evading Castina's feeble attempt to
obstruct him. The pewter-black dirk soared, aiming straight for the
leader of the Poison Spur Mob.

Fallen Mercury's tip pierced through the aqua-blue pajamas, puncturing
the skin over "Black Scorpion" Roger's ribs.

Crimson blood rapidly welled up, and amidst the pain of the Psychic
Piercing somewhat subsiding, "Black Scorpion" Roger snapped back to
reality.

He emitted an unnaturally enraged shriek, and blurry faces, some
bluish-white, materialized on the living room's floor, ceiling, and
walls. Most were ordinary people, a handful being children, their
visages twisted with agony.

As the Undying Lands materialized, "Black Scorpion" Roger, nearly
impaled by Fallen Mercury, vanished from Lumian's sight, leaving behind
the pewter-black dirk stained with blood.

Crash! "Baldy" Harman toppled the coffee table and lunged towards
Lumian, who had just collapsed onto the sofa.

Lumian hastily raised his hand, but his body wavered, and he slumped to
the ground.

In midair, his eyes caught a glimpse of "Baldy" Harman's form, followed
by lighting up with two beams of light resembling lightning.

Harman, on the verge of launching a close combat assault, experienced an
anguish that penetrated the depths of his soul, forcing an involuntary
scream to escape his lips.

His body froze, tilting backward. Franca, fresh from dispatching
"Short-legged Candlestick" Castina, brandished a classic brass revolver
in her right hand.

She aimed it at Harman's bald head and swiftly pulled the trigger.

With a resounding bang, an obsidian bullet pierced Harman's gleaming
scalp, causing it to explode like a watermelon. A spray of red and white
erupted in all directions.

"Black Scorpion" Roger, having just manifested from the visage of an
undead on the adjacent wall, witnessed the scene and emitted an
unusually resentful and outraged howl.

Alongside this outcry, his eyes darkened, as though a fervent life
burned within.

The blood that drenched the living room and the two lifeless bodies
churned, surging towards "Baldy" Harman and "Short-legged Candlestick"
Castina as if infused with a life force. The two victims adorned a
crimson shroud, rising unsteadily to their feet.

The blood upon Fallen Mercury ignited, casting forth a radiant glow akin
to the warmth of spring's sun.

"Black Scorpion" Roger vividly recalled Margot's demise, prompting his
initial response to rid the evil dirk of the blood it bore and retaliate
against the assailant, averting an inexplicable demise in battle.

His second response was to swiftly conclude the conflict and seek aid
from Lady Moon. Even the Rebirth ritual proved incapable of absolving
the influence of Ciel's wicked dirk. The efficacy of solely burning the
blood remained uncertain.

Indeed, he had recognized the assailant as that wretched lunatic, Ciel,
through the pewter-black malevolent blade.

*Cursed Ciel!*

The radiant flames upon Fallen Mercury blazed along the blade, reaching
towards Lumian's fingertips. Without hesitation, Lumian cast aside the
malevolent pewter-black dirk, letting it fall upon the ground amidst the
contorted visages.

At this point, Fallen Mercury was no longer required.

The pewter-black dirk, which facilitated the exchange of destinies,
merely utilized blood as a conduit; it did not depend on it. Once the
fate officially entered the exchange process, the presence of blood
would no longer influence subsequent developments.

As Lumian retrieved Fallen Mercury, the exchange of fates commenced.

He made no deliberate choices, allowing Fallen Mercury to exercise its
own discretion.

Lumian braced his left hand against the pallid, indistinct faces strewn
upon the ground. With the resilience bestowed by the Alms Monk, he
rebounded onto the divan amidst the bone-chilling cold and rigidity.

No longer did the horrifying countenances of the undead pervade this
space---only "Baldy" Harman and "Short-legged Candlestick" Castina,
their original appearances concealed beneath the flowing cascade of
blood.

Simultaneously, the two lifeless bodies extended their arms and lunged
at Lumian, seeking to ensnare him in their clutches.

Meanwhile, Franca leapt nimbly, alighting upon a chair with an air of
weightlessness.

Unbeknownst to all, a thick frost had descended from the pallid-white or
bluish-white ground, solidifying into a translucent sheen of ice.

This restrained the undead countenances, constraining their movements.

Almost concurrently, Franca's left hand, pressed against the hidden
blade, tightened its grip, causing black flames to erupt within
"Short-legged Candlestick" Castina's form, consuming her from within.

The lingering spirit of the blood-colored corpse emitted an ethereal
crackling sound as its mutated body melted akin to a dripping candle,
splashing upon the ground.

"Black Scorpion" Roger, relying upon the characteristic of the Undying
Lands to shift locations, emitted yet another shrill cry.

A layer of black flames enkindled upon Franca's person.

In contrast to her own black flames, the black flames conjured by the
Heretic Spellmaster exuded an overt malevolence, as if they consumed the
life force and vitality of all who stood witness.

With a resounding crack, Franca's figure shattered, leaving behind
naught but irregular shards of mirror.

Upon the icy veneer upon the ground, the Witch's form swiftly coalesced
and leaped forth.

She had taken the initiative to create frost and freeze the ground not
for restricting the movements of "Black Scorpion" Roger. Firstly, she
sought to diminish the influence of the deceased spirits, and secondly,
she aimed to gather ample materials for the Mirror Substitution.

*Bang! Bang! Bang!*

Devoid of the pincer attack from "Short-legged Candlestick" Castina,
Lumian deftly parried head-on, successfully evading the bloodied Harman.
Springing onto the overturned coffee table, he withdrew his revolver and
unleashed a volley of shots towards "Black Scorpion" Roger upon the
wall. Concurrently, he produced the drawing depicting the peculiar sun.

He held no concern that his assault upon the target would disrupt the
exchange of fates. For he was neither the wielder of Fallen Mercury, nor
did he grasp its hilt.

The yellow bullets struck the wall with force, yet "Black Scorpion"
Roger had already diminished into a wan, distorted, transparent
countenance, vanishing from Lumian and Franca's sight.