---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1699
index: 230
section: vol2
slug: 230
title: Scapegoat
---

## Chapter 230: Scapegoat

At the stroke of 8 a.m., a pair of law enforcement officers ambled up to
the third floor of Auberge du Coq Doré. One meticulously examined the
lifeless body, the suicide note, and the surroundings, while the other
commenced interrogating the neighboring tenants.

Lumian, already disguised using the Mystery Prying Glasses, had taken
his position at the entrance of Room 310.

The officer, donning a uniform and clutching a pen and paper, cast a
fleeting glance in his direction.

"You must be Ciel Dubois. Enlighten me on the matter."

Lumian proceeded to recount how Flameng's sanity was gone prior to his
arrival. The man incessantly raved about encountering the Montsouris
ghost and the demise of his own kin. Soon, it seemed, his turn was
imminent. Lumian continued, revealing how Flameng had abruptly regained
consciousness the previous night and indulged in a bout of heavy
drinking.

"What about the wound on his shoulder?" interjected the officer
attending to the deceased in the room.

"Before he regained consciousness last night, he inflicted the injury
upon himself. I was the one who bound it up," Lumian responded with
composure.

After interrogating the other tenants and the proprietor of the basement
bar, the two officers cautiously deduced that the deceased had long been
plagued by mental instability. He possessed a motive for suicide and
displayed corresponding behavioral tendencies.

As they maneuvered Flameng's body into the mortuary bag, they addressed
Lumian, saying, "We shall transport him to the catacombs, but it's a
rather intricate procedure. It entails ascertaining the precise cause of
death, summoning a clergyman for purification rites, finding a suitable
heir for his estate, and liaising with the catacomb administrators. This
will take roughly a week or two."

Lumian fell silent momentarily before resuming, "I've shared a few
drinks with him. Remember to inform me when you lay him to rest."

Affirming their agreement, the two officers departed Auberge du Coq
Doré, taking Flameng's body and the belongings from the room along with
them.

Lumian removed his disguise and returned to Room 207.

Seated in a chair, his back to the window casting sunlight, he faced the
dimly lit corridor, grappling with a swirl of emotions.

Flameng's suicide had presented Lumian with an alternative fate.

Lumian had aided Flameng in evading the Montsouris ghost, not driven by
a desire for personal gain or reward. It was simply because he saw a
reflection of his own predicament in the man who had lost his family.
One had succumbed completely, descending into lunacy, while the other
persevered, clinging to a glimmer of hope and desperately struggling to
maintain his grasp on reason.

But in the end, Flameng, no longer tormented by the Montsouris ghost and
driven to madness by fear, had opted to terminate his own existence.

In the corridor, Elodie, her tresses concealed beneath a blonde wig and
her eyes accentuated with eyeshadow, alongside the other cleaning lady,
had already commenced their bustling day. They worked ceaselessly,
mopping the floors and battling bedbugs without respite.

Lumian observed silently, his gaze appearing distant and unfocused.

After the passage of nearly fifteen minutes, light yet hurried footfalls
reverberated along the staircase, eventually reaching Room 207.

Jenna's silhouette came into Lumian's view. Today, she donned a more
understated attire compared to her usual flamboyance. Her blouse clung
slightly, complementing the gentle brown shade of her top and a fluffy,
beige, short skirt. She sported knee-high black boots, and her makeup
exuded both decadence and allure.

She glanced at Lumian, entered Room 207, and gently shut the wooden door
behind her.

Lumian snapped out of his reverie and observed her silently, refraining
from questioning her intentions.

Jenna repressed her curiosity and excitement before speaking up.

"Have you heard? The boss and two leaders of the Poison Spur Gang have
been murdered!"

"I'm aware," Lumian acknowledged with a nod.

Jenna scrutinized his expression and deliberately probed further.

"You weren't involved, were you?"

"Do you think I possess the capability to eliminate 'Black Scorpion'
Roger, 'Baldy' Harman, and 'Short-legged Candlestick' Castina all at
once?" Lumian retorted.

Jenna, having already gleaned an estimation of Ciel's strength from
Franca, understood that "Black Scorpion" Roger was no less formidable
than Franca herself. She shook her head and uttered, "No."

She then drawled in a leisurely tone, "But you can still seek
assistance."

For instance, Franca.

"The authorities don't even suspect me," Lumian stated, shrugging his
shoulders.

In truth, he found this matter rather perplexing.

Ordinarily, as one of the few individuals who had recently engaged in a
direct confrontation with the Poison Spur Gang, he would undoubtedly be
subjected to questioning following such an incident. Yet, Lumian had
remained on standby since last night, prepared to don a disguise at a
moment's notice, yet no investigators had arrived.

Just then, hurried footsteps echoed from the staircase.

*Knock, knock, knock. *Knocks resounded against the door of Room
207.

*Charlie? *Lumian's gaze fixated on the door as he beckoned,
"Come in. It's not locked."

The visitor who stood before them was none other than Charlie. Clad in a
crisp white shirt, a light-colored vest, and a formal black suit, he
exuded an air of dignity. Atop his head rested a half top hat, while a
dark bow tie completed his ensemble.

His attire seemed even more refined than when he served as an attendant
at Hôtel du Cygne Blanc.

After sizing up Charlie, Lumian couldn't help but smile.

"Well, well, where did this civilized individual come from?"

Charlie couldn't conceal his own grin. His tone brimmed with warmth and
enthusiasm as he replied, "Right? I am now a true gentleman. I'm still
in the process of mastering classical grammar. Madame, Monsieur, please
allow me to extend my civilized greetings."

With those words, he removed his half top hat, pressed it against his
chest, and offered a slight bow.

Jenna chuckled but didn't discourage Charlie. Lumian clicked his tongue
and remarked, "To be frank, you're more like a monkey playing dress-up
in civilized clothing."

Charlie remained unaffected, his joy unwavering.

"I've only just begun my studies. In a month's time, you'll witness an
entirely different version of me. Oh, by the way, this is Monsieur
Charlie Collent. He is currently enjoying a sumptuous dinner worth 8
verl d'or!"

At this point, Charlie glanced at Jenna, who stood beside the bed. He
opened his mouth as if he had something to say, yet hesitated to do so
in her presence.

Nonchalantly, Lumian inquired, "What's the matter? Just speak your
mind."

Charlie lowered his voice.

"Did you hear? Last night, 'Black Scorpion' Roger, 'Baldy' Harman, and
'Short-legged Candlestick' Castina were all killed."

"I'm aware. And?" Lumian believed Charlie wouldn't seek him out for
something that would soon become public knowledge.

Charlie glanced at Jenna and continued, "What has been confirmed is that
the murderer belongs to a terrorist organization known as the Aurora
Order. They have a penchant for gruesome displays of carnage and
primarily target individuals who worship evil gods. In this case, 'Black
Scorpion' Roger and his cohorts followed an evil god named the Great
Mother."

*Aurora Order? *Lumian was taken aback.

*Where did this scapegoat come from?*

*Why were the official Beyonders suddenly pointing fingers at the Aurora
Order?*

*Shouldn't they first investigate those who had conflicts with "Black
Scorpion" Roger and the Poison Spur Gang? That's how detective novels
were written!*

"Are you saying that the Aurora Order truly carried out these murders?"
Jenna inquired curiously.

Charlie nodded emphatically.

"That's correct. The Aurora Order appears to have claimed responsibility
for these acts in some capacity. Tomorrow, there should be reports about
the case in certain newspapers."

The latter half of Charlie's statement suggested that the information he
had just shared was meant to be disclosed and held no confidentiality
clauses.

*The Aurora Order claiming responsibility? They weren't even involved.
Why would they assume responsibility?* Lumian found himself
momentarily perplexed yet slightly amused.

If he hadn't personally slain "Black Scorpion" Roger, he might have
suspected the Aurora Order as the culprits.

Charlie glanced at Lumian and added in a hushed tone, "This afternoon,
once the election concludes, a crackdown on the mobs in the entire
market district shall commence in response to the public's concerns
about the district's security."

*Are you reading from a document? Your words sound so official.*
Lumian realized why Charlie had rushed to inform him.

It was best for those with dirt on them to leave the market district
this afternoon and hide for the time being!

Lumian nodded subtly and replied, "I have a mysticism gathering to
attend this afternoon."

Although Mr. K's gathering was scheduled for 9 p.m., Lumian intended to
arrive early.

Charlie breathed a sigh of relief and gestured toward the door.

"I'll make a move first."

After a moment of contemplation, Lumian responded, "In the future,
there's no need to inform me about such trivial matters."

He added mockingly, "Do you doubt my abilities?"

Charlie sheepishly smiled.

"It's my first time, so I couldn't help but feel a bit emotional. Don't
worry, unless it truly concerns you, I won't drop any more hints."

As Lumian watched Charlie depart, Jenna clicked her tongue and sighed.

"He's turned into your spy among the official Beyonders."

"I'd prefer it if he wasn't," Lumian mumbled, pursing his lips. "He's
just an imbecile, bound to mess things up."

Jenna scoffed and waved her hand.

"I'm going to find Franca. Are you planning to share the information
Charlie gave us with the others?"

Lumian shook his head.

"If everyone flees, the official Beyonders will undoubtedly investigate
any leaks. That imbecile won't be able to escape.

"Besides, some people deserve to end up in jail."

*And you don't?* Jenna criticized as she left Room 207 and
stepped into the corridor.

At that moment, the two cleaning ladies had already reached the
staircase.

Jenna hurried over, her gaze sweeping across the cleaning lady named
Elodie, who wore a blond wig.

Suddenly, Jenna's expression froze, and she swiftly turned around,
heading back to Room 207. Lumian, who was about to leave, found it
peculiar.

Elodie, a woman of almost 50 years with a blond wig and eye shadow, also
noticed Jenna. She stared at the apprentice actress's retreating figure
for a few seconds before calling out in confusion and concern,
"Celia..."

Jenna's body went rigid.

She slowly turned back, forcing a smile, and greeted Elodie with a loud
voice, "Mother."

*Mother? *Lumian almost couldn't believe his ears.

Then he recalled Elodie mentioning that she used to be a theater actress
and now enjoyed watching performances at the Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage
à Pigeons. Her husband had passed away a few years ago in a factory
accident, leaving behind two nearly adult children who helped support
the family.

Jenna, on the other hand, was an apprentice actress at the same theater.
Her father had also passed away a few years ago, leaving only her mother
and brother. Her plan was to earn enough money for her tuition fees and
other expenses for the coming year.

*It all adds up...* Lumian nodded thoughtfully.

Elodie approached Jenna with a broom, assessing her appearance.

"Why are you here? And what kind of makeup is that?"