---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1701
index: 232
section: vol2
slug: 232
title: Financing of Activities
---

## Chapter 232: Financing of Activities

*The Iron and Blood Cross Order... appears to have some significant
plans in the works... *Lumian finally grasped Mr. K's true
intentions for persuading him to join a mob.

The Iron and Blood Cross Order---an equally secretive
organization---seemed to be related to a competition of faith and
Trier's situation.

Curiosity stirring within him, Lumian inquired, "What exactly is the
Iron and Blood Cross Order?"

The more Lumian understood, the more he inclined towards actions that
would gain Gardner Martin's approval.

Mr. K let out a chuckle. "Allow Gardner Martin to personally enlighten
you. If you possess knowledge about their circumstances before they
disclose it to you, they are likely to notice some problem."

*So, you found a wanted, simple country boy like me to be a spy? You
wanted someone with a clean slate and humble background?* Lumian
pondered, nodding thoughtfully.

His thoughts wandered to the mysterious item Gardner Martin had smuggled
into Trier through Rat Christo, as well as the support the Savoie Mob
extended to Hugues Artois. After two seconds of contemplation, Lumian
voiced his suspicion, "Could the Iron and Blood Cross Order's plan be
connected to Hugues Artois?"

In a raspy voice, Mr. K responded, "According to the information we've
gathered, that is merely one component, not the primary one."

*I see...* Lumian then broached the topic of "Mirror People"
before continuing, "Gardner Martin seemed aware that the item he had the
smuggling caravan transport could trigger a corresponding incident."

Mr. K fell silent momentarily before speaking, "I suspect that item
holds immense importance. It's a matter you'll need to unravel. Don't
worry. Our Aurora Order is generous with rewards. When the time comes,
you can make any request."

Just as Lumian was about to internally utter the words, "Help me revive
my sister," Mr. K added, "As long as it lies within my power."

*Very straightforward... If I genuinely become an official member of the
Iron and Blood Cross Order and gain access to pertinent information,
they will undoubtedly grant me certain privileges. And in turn, I can
seek rewards from the Aurora Order. Yes... This is akin to further
fulfilling Madam Magician's mission. She won't reject me, the bearer of
a Minor Arcana card... Such "treatment" is rare---to receive three
rewards for a single task...* As Lumian silently sighed, he
assumed it wouldn't matter if he faced rejection.

"I now require some financing for my future endeavors."

The purpose of these funds was to enhance Lumian's personal strength and
establish a "solid foundation" for completing the mission.

Mr. K nodded. "No problem. I will provide you with 10,000 verl d'or
later. This is one of the perks of officially joining our Aurora Order
and participating in a high-risk mission."

In Intis, "perk" was a commonly used term coined by Emperor Roselle.

*Very generous...* At that moment, he found himself wondering if
he should seek out more secret organizations like this one, just to
enjoy additional membership perks.

Rising from his seat, Mr. K extended his hands and began to circle
Lumian slowly.

As he walked, he spoke in a solemn tone, "My Lord is the great being who
created this world, the father of all living creatures."

"We all originate from Him, carrying the divine essence He bestowed upon
us."

"Divinity exists within every living being, and no one is inherently
more noble than another. We distinguish our status based on our
proximity to our Lord and our ability to embrace His teachings."

"It is through our shared divinity that we can consume potions, face
trials, and accumulate more divine power. Ultimately, we can become
Angels in service to my Lord..."

*Is he preaching?* Lumian couldn't help but feel that there were
similarities between Mr. K's words and Madam Magician's story of the
original Creator---the Oldest One---fragmenting and manifesting
different Beyonder characteristics. They seemed to share a common
essence.

This led him to suspect that the True Creator of the Aurora Order
corresponded to the Oldest One.

After nearly fifteen minutes, Mr. K concluded his preaching and traced a
cross on his chest, starting from the top and moving to the bottom,
left, and right.

"Praise be to you, the creator of all things. Praise be to you, who
carries the burdens of the world's sins."

Lumian followed suit, offering his own words of praise.

Mr. K then proceeded to introduce the Aurora Order.

"We currently have a total of seven Saints and twenty-two Oracles, each
designated by alphabetical code names, scattered across various
locations..."

*There are still 21 individuals as powerful as Mr. K? The Saints are
Sequence 4 and Sequence 3 demigods with godhood. And there are a total
of seven in the Aurora Order?* Lumian was taken aback by this
revelation.

The Aurora Order was far more formidable than he had anticipated!

As for whether there were any figures on the level of angels, Mr. K did
not mention it, leaving Lumian to wonder.

Concluding the introduction, Mr. K took hold of his right index finger
with his left hand and tore it off. He then tossed it to Lumian, the
finger dripping with blood.

"Use it in times of dire need."

Lumian caught the finger, its blood already congealing, and imagined the
phantom pain he had experienced before.

Although he was unafraid of pain or injuries in battle and could stab
himself without hesitation when necessary, he couldn't simply pluck out
a finger without reason, as Mr. K had done.

In a matter of moments, a new finger sprouted from Mr. K's hand, its
skin fair and unblemished.

With the gathering scheduled for 9 p.m., Lumian secured the 10,000 verl
d'or and made his way to Psychic's old journal library, a lavish
off-white six-story building located at 19 Rue Scheer. He stayed there
until 6 p.m.

Then, he leisurely found a nearby restaurant and spent 2 verl d'or on an
inexpensive set meal.

The meal included an ordinary bottle of red wine, a bowl of soup, three
dishes, a dessert, and an unlimited supply of bread.

Lumian made his selections from the provided menu, opting for a beef
chowder, braised rabbit meat, and a serving of roasted cauliflower.

As the gathering commenced, Lumian, already in possession of the
Scorpion Poison, sold the aquatic monster's blood, poisonous scales, and
other items he had no use for, fetching him 100 verl d'or.

Thus far, he had amassed a total of 14,710 verl d'or and 24 coppet in
cash, mostly courtesy of Mr. K.

This filled him with confidence that he could gather the remaining
30,000 verl d'or within a short span of time.

If he borrowed a bit here and pocketed a bit there, combined with the
spoils of war, wouldn't he have enough?

Shortly before 11 p.m., Lumian returned to Le Marché du Quartier du
Gentleman.

Ruhr and Michel, residents of the third floor who made a living selling
photos of street maîtresse d'atelier near the Suhit steam locomotive
station, were hauling a bulging flaxen-colored cloth bag up the stairs.

Lumian cast a curious glance at the white-haired duo and asked, slightly
puzzled, "So late?"

He knew that Ruhr and Michel also worked as part-time scavengers, having
encountered them on a few occasions before. However, he recalled that
their work typically ended by nine.

Ruhr, clad in tattered clothing with a slight hunch to his back,
mustered a smile and replied with a touch of joy, "Tonight, the member
of parliament's office hosted a celebratory feast and discarded a lot of
valuable rubbish. We waited until the bags could no longer hold before
returning."

*The market district's member of parliament's office was celebrating
Hugues Artois's election?* Lumian nodded subtly and walked past
the elderly couple, making his way to Room 207.

Before igniting the carbide lamp, he noticed a square-folded white paper
on the table, illuminated by the faint crimson moonlight streaming
through the window.

Observing the neatly folded paper, Lumian suspected it to be a letter
from Madam Magician.

*The Pyromaniac potion formula? Did she have the messenger leave the
Pyromaniac potion formula here before my arrival? Is she so confident in
my ability to become an official member of the Aurora Order? Or does she
have something else to inform me about? *These thoughts raced
through Lumian's mind as he ignited the carbide lamp, picked up the
white paper, and carefully unfolded it.

"Your next mission is to complete the task assigned by Mr. K. Do you
understand what I mean?

"Pyromaniac potion formula:

"Main ingredient: Fire Salamander gland, Magma Elf core;

"Supplementary ingredients: 50 milliliters of Fire Salamander blood, 10
grams of Magma Pyroxene powder, 10 grams of Redcrown Balsam powder, 10
drops of Sun Star extract.

"Usage: What do you think?"

*She actually wrote down the main ingredient... Does this mean I'll need
the accompanying parts for the potion? Is Madam Magician also interested
in uncovering the Iron and Blood Cross Order's current situation? How
did she know that today would be the day Mr. K would assign me this
task? Or does she simply disregard Mr. K's intentions? Does she only
hope that I can gain more of Mr. K's trust and gradually become a key
member of the Aurora Order? *Lumian leaned towards the first
possibility, but he couldn't dismiss the latter.

For now, he had no choice but to follow her instructions.

Having attended two mysticism gatherings, Lumian had developed a certain
understanding of the potion formula's value. He knew that the Pyromaniac
potion formula in his possession was worth at least 30,000 verl d'or.

If he were to sell it, he could exchange it for the Pyromaniac Beyonder
characteristic.

Of course, this idea was fleeting. Without Madam Magician's explicit
agreement, he didn't dare entertain it.

Wouldn't it be equivalent to trading Madam Magician's potion formula for
her Pyromaniac Beyonder characteristic?

Instead, Lumian found a more feasible plan, inspired by a popular trade
scheme in Intis which was also known as Commercial Paradise or Financial
Empire.

The plan required a down payment of 10,000 verl d'or, with the remaining
20,000 to be paid in installments over a year, along with a 10 to 15%
interest.

After careful consideration, Lumian, sensing a high likelihood of Madam
Magician possessing godhood, dismissed the idea.

He had already gathered almost half of the required funds. There was no
need to risk offending a demigod by negotiating installments.

Even if Harvest Sacrifice didn't yield a satisfactory price or Franca
had little savings due to her extravagant lifestyle, Salle de Bal Brise
still had a substantial amount of cash in its safe. As the protector of
the dance hall, what harm would there be in embezzling a small sum?