---
category: Volume 2
discussion: 1731
index: 262
section: vol2
slug: 262
title: Review
---

## Chapter 262: Review

Lumian had always held the belief that the lizard-like elf he saw was
merely a figment of his dreaming mind. Symbols and metaphors held a
deeper significance than the tangible reality.

Yet now, before his very eyes, the diaphanous and elusive lizard-like
creature revealed itself in all its existence!

It was undeniably real!

Moreover, it had appeared in Paramita, emerging from the deep chasm left
by the Tree of Shadow---a most peculiar event involving formidable
powers!

*Could it be that the lizard crawling out of Aurore's mouth was not a
fabrication? What did it symbolize, and what were its
intentions?* Lumian's brow furrowed as he contorted his
expression, experiencing a mix of pain, shock, confusion, and
withdrawal.

This agitation stirred something within Lumian, making him feel that he
could regain some of his memories and determine their authenticity. Yet,
this time, the scenes didn't flicker through his mind as they did during
psychiatric treatments or after hearing Madame Pualis's words. The dream
still lingered in his memory.

In that moment, Termiboros's resonant voice echoed in Lumian's ears.

*"Do you truly believe that I am responsible for all the anomalies and
misfortunes surrounding you?*

*"Do you think you can escape Susanna Mattise, who is nearly a demigod
with a backup plan, by relying solely on the efforts of the sealed me
and a Sequence 7 Beyonder like yourself?*

*"Do you believe that Susanna Mattise's failure is solely due to her
being an evil spirit, extremism, impatience, and lack of preparation
before the ritual? Is there no other underlying reason?"*

These words overlapped and resounded in Lumian's mind, allowing him to
grasp their meaning within a short span of time.

Lumian was taken aback, feeling as if he had been plunged into an icy
lake, experiencing the transition from early summer to winter.

He blurted out, "Then what is it?"

Termiboros remained silent, as if sensing and comprehending something.

In an instant, Lumian's joy surged. He felt the heavy burden on his
shoulders dissipate significantly.

*Does this mean that Aurore truly fell under the control of that
peculiar lizard-like creature?*

*Was that why she remained oblivious to any abnormality when awake,
seeking assistance from the outside world alongside me?*

*No, perhaps she sensed that something was amiss. The correct
interpretation of the letter's order should be: "We are getting weirder.
The people around us need help as soon as possible!"*

Franca nudged Lumian.

"Why are you lost in thought? Hurry, let us leave this place swiftly.
The official Beyonders and clergymen have arrived!"

Lumian shook off his daze and dashed with Franca to the far end of Rue
Anarchie, his singed clothes clinging to his body, along with the tree
trunk originating from the Tree of Shadow---not Susanna's later
creation.

During this process, two revelations suddenly dawned upon him.

*As an Angel of Inevitability, Termiboros also displayed an astute
understanding of various matters. It is inconceivable for Him to remain
oblivious to Susanna Mattise's offering Him as a sacrifice to the Mother
Tree of Desire with me as the primary vessel without unsealing the seal.
He is no novice to the mystical world like me!*

*Therefore, He never anticipated the outcome of Susanna Mattise breaking
the seal from the very beginning. He made those claims purely as a
bluff, coercing me to seek His aid and agree to certain unequal terms,
creating an opportunity for Him to truly escape.*

*What He didn't foresee was my choice to deceive Susanna Mattise,
compelling Him to provide me assistance based on the information she
provided. No, He must have considered this possibility, but he had
nothing to lose by attempting it. What if I had not devised a swift
solution at that critical moment?*

*Dammit, His intentions are far too sinister! I could have fallen victim
to His deception with the slightest carelessness!*

*Likewise, Susanna Mattise is no paragon of honesty.*

*Since she sought guidance from the Mother Tree of Desire and
acknowledged the possibility of an Angel being sealed within me, why
wouldn't she contemplate the potential transmission of power through the
seal? Subsequently, she prayed for power capable of withstanding the
influence of Termiboros's leaked power, or even surpassing it. I failed
to perceive it then and came dangerously close to corruption despite
being distant.*

*Had I not escaped the Tree of Shadow in the nick of time, I would have
succumbed to corruption.*

*Why didn't Susanna Mattise seek assistance right from the start? Could
it be that corruption poses a threat to her as well?*

*Indeed, despite unforeseen circumstances during the Cordu ritual, the
padre, as the host of the sacrificial ceremony, was shielded by the
power of Inevitability. He did not transform into a monstrous entity or
merge into the three-headed giant like the others and successfully
escaped... Susanna Mattise also planned on relying on the protection of
the ritual to resist corruption?*

*Hence, she bought time, awaiting the completion of the ritual's
preparations!*

*She did not target and control me initially because she knew that
pushing too hard would prompt Termiboros to intervene prematurely,
introducing too many uncertainties.*

*Thus, she endeavored to create an illusion for me, fostering the belief
that resistance and escape were within reach. Only when I broached the
subject of the Angel did she stall for time, stringing together a series
of seemingly revealing words. She concealed her true trump card, biding
her time for me to make the wrong choice with Termiboros's aid and fall
into her prearranged trap.*

*Although she did not anticipate the attack from the Montsouris ghost,
had it not been for an external intervention exploiting the crack
created by the ghost, I would have remained trapped within the Tree of
Shadow's depths. Moreover, she was on the verge of officially activating
the ritual and gaining protection.*

*Dammit! Beautiful Actors truly possess the knack for deceiving
others!*

As Lumian and Franca sprinted ahead, their surroundings suddenly
transformed into a surreal spectacle. Vibrant layers of colors
intertwined with indescribable, fantastical creatures.

His head spun, and his vision became hazy.

When his sight cleared, Rue Anarchie was nowhere in sight, and the
vibrant palette had vanished.

Instead, he found himself standing on a verdant hillside, facing Madam
Magician, adorned in an orange dress.

*She's here too...* Lumian glanced around but couldn't spot
Franca.

As if sensing his unspoken question, Madam Magician smiled and spoke,
"The Two of Cups departed with her Major Arcana card to attend to some
matters."

"The Two of Cups?" Lumian was perplexed.

"That's Franca. She is one of us. Her code name is Two of Cups, just as
you are the Seven of Wands," Madam Magician casually explained. "You
have officially joined our ranks. Speak to the Two of Cups later and
have her introduce our organization. I won't say much."

*Not only is Franca a member of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society, but she is also part of the secret organization utilizing tarot
card codenames? *Lumian felt a mix of surprise and elation.

This meant that he and Franca were true comrades.

Madam Magician scrutinized Lumian's charred countenance and fragmented
attire. From somewhere, she produced a simple brown suit tailored for a
man and tossed it to him.

"Change into this later. While it's not particularly scandalous for
Trieriens to roam the streets nude, one mustn't entirely succumb to the
surroundings. You must maintain your true self. Only then can you resist
the potion's corruption and minimize the risk of losing control."

Lumian caught the clothes, and Madam Magician pondered for a moment
before speaking, "Tell me in detail what has transpired recently.
Although I knew you would encounter followers of the evil gods and
become entangled with them, I did not anticipate you getting embroiled
in such weighty matters directly."

Lumian recounted the events, starting from his arrival in Trier to his
use of the Summoning Dance to lure Susanna Mattise. He focused on the
sacrificial ritual, Termiboros's involvement, and the enigmatic
lizard-like creature.

As Madam Magician listened, her expression grew solemn. Once Lumian
finished speaking, she nodded slightly and said, "This is highly
abnormal. Both Termiboros and that elf are far from ordinary."

She gazed at Lumian, speaking in a direct manner, "It wasn't Termiboros
who aided you in enhancing Fallen Mercury's abilities within the Tree of
Shadow and allowed the Montsouris ghost to arrive early."

"Not Him?" Lumian had speculated the issues that Madam Magician might
uncover, but he never expected her to address this matter so clearly.

*If not Termiboros, then who else could it be?*

Moreover, the subsequent changes only occurred after the compromise of
the Inevitable Angel.

"I don't have the answers either." Madam Magician shook her head slowly.
"What I can affirm is that the seal of that great existence wouldn't
allow Termiboros to unleash such power. If that were possible, He would
have long manipulated you to assist Him in breaking the seal."

Observing Lumian's perplexed expression, Madam Magician continued, "All
Termiboros can do is influence your judgment and choices. After all, He
is sealed within you, and your fates are intertwined to a certain
extent.

"To put it simply, concerning Charlie's situation, Termiboros couldn't
expedite Susanna Mattise's recovery. He couldn't dictate when or how she
planned to find Charlie. He could merely utilize this situation to
instill in you the intention of employing the Luck Transference Spell to
alter Charlie's fate and augment the corresponding likelihood.

"From this standpoint, do you believe He possesses the capability to
enhance Fallen Mercury's abilities and allow the timely arrival of the
Montsouris ghost?

"However, it is plausible for Him to aid you in shouldering the burden
of the past scenes within the Tree of Shadow.

"Hence, I have consistently advised you to seek my counsel beforehand on
critical and perilous matters rather than making decisions on your own."

Lumian's heart surged like a tumultuous ocean.

He recollected the incident where Rentas took Charlie underground and
realized that Madam Magician's words held truth.

Charlie's gruesome plight and destiny stemmed from two factors. Firstly,
the threat posed by the Bliss Society through Rentas, and secondly,
Lumian's own choice at the crossroads of fate. Thus, once Rentas was
slain by their hands, Charlie's fortune merely improved marginally. Only
when Lumian made the correct decision did everything revert to normalcy.
There were no indications of Termiboros's influence.

If He could sway Charlie's path in the same manner He manipulated the
Montsouris ghost, Lumian would have fallen victim long ago.

*Moreover, why would Susanna Mattise entertain the idea of capturing me
alive, knowing that I can receive indirect assistance from an Angel
after she departed from the Tree of Shadow and was in a weakened state,
despite being aware of Termiboros's limited influences?*

*Unless Susanna Mattise, who possesses a trace of godhood due to the
Tree of Shadow, had already deduced that Termiboros was impotent in
exerting influence and remained tightly sealed following the internal
conflict within the Tree of Shadow. There must be another origin to this
quandary! And that origin did not depart alongside her! Dammit! I had
presumed that even if my judgment faltered or the fate exchange
prolonged, Termiboros would never allow Susanna Mattise to capture me
alive, as it would render Him a sacrificial pawn. Little did I know, He
lacked the capability entirely... *Lumian postulated, obtaining
a more rational explanation for the recent turn of events.

"What exactly happened?" he inquired, a tinge of anguish and anger
coloring his tone.

Madam Magician pondered for a few seconds before responding, "Taking
into account those misfortunes, I suspect that Termiboros has allies in
the outside world. In other words, there may be a Beyonder lurking
around you who possesses the ability to influence fate. He secretly
accomplished tasks in accordance with the ideas transmitted by
Termiboros, but he did so with subtlety to avoid exposure."

A word suddenly flashed across Lumian's mind: *Sufferer!*

In his dream, after entering the underground altar with Ryan's team,
they had become tainted by the aura of a Sufferer!

As for the owl and the other "him" within the Warlock's tomb, prior to
their unveiling, they always gave him the impression that they were the
root of the problem and the mastermind behind it all.

Could these be symbolic as well?