---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1734
index: 265
section: vol3
slug: 265
title: The Major Arcana Cards
---

## Chapter 265: The Major Arcana Cards

Franca, sitting cross-legged in the recliner, had long pondered over
this question. After careful consideration, a smile curved on her lips
as she spoke,

"Mr. Fool's Church is akin to an independent subsidiary of our Tarot
Club."

Observing Lumian's bewilderment, she went on to explain, "Each of our
Tarot Club's Major Arcana Cards represents an influential figure in the
world, be it in reality or mysticism. I suspect that the Pope of The
Fool's Church is one such figure. As for the other Major Arcana Cards,
they may lead different organizations. While these organizations might
not believe in Mr. Fool, they can provide assistance to certain
operations of the Tarot Club."

"To put it simply, the Tarot Club is the highest governing body directly
overseen by Mr. Fool. Each holder of a Major Arcana card possesses a
distinguished status and their own sphere of influence. And one such
holder is the Church of The Fool," Franca elaborated.

Lumian grasped Franca's meaning roughly and inquired, "How many Major
Arcana cards do we have?"

Franca shook her head and replied, "I cannot provide an exact number as
the identities of the Major Arcana card holders are kept confidential.
The only card we interact with the most is the Major Arcana card to
which we are subordinate. Well... mine is Madam Judgment."

"Mine is Madam Magician," Lumian added.

Franca chuckled, "It seems that these two cards often appear together.
Yes, our Tarot Club has a habit of scattering the entire deck of tarot
cards at the scene after completing a task. We also place the card that
represents us in the most prominent position..."

"Isn't that wasteful?" Lumian interrupted Franca.

"What harm is there in using a deck of tarot cards? Don't you find such
actions cool?" Franca muttered. "You can leave the card that represents
you, but what use is a deck without one? You'll have to buy a new one
next time. If you visit the factory and customize a large number of
tarot cards with just one card, you'll become an easy target."

"I can draw it myself," Lumian proposed, already formulating a solution.

While he couldn't replicate the printed quality, he could capture the
main characteristics of the Seven of Wands.

Franca fell silent for a moment, then said, "Wouldn't something you draw
have a mystical connection? Wouldn't you have to expend energy to
counter divination?"

"Sigh, we don't have to scatter them every time. We don't have to
scatter them when working with non-Tarot Club members. We don't have to
scatter them during stealth missions, such as the one we're on now. And
we don't have to scatter them when we're under suspicion.

"Dammit! How did we get off track? What I wanted to convey is that due
to the Tarot Club's customs and traditions, I've learned from various
newspapers and mysticism gatherings about the more active Major Arcana
cards.

"Madam Justice has appeared multiple times on the Midseashire coast, in
Trier, and Backlund. Mr. Hanged Man has made appearances at sea. We have
Madam Hermit and Mr. Sun, as well as Mr. Moon and Mr. Star from the
Southern Continent. As for any other Major Arcana card holders, I'm
unaware."

*Madam Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. Sun, Madam Hermit, Mr. Star, Mr.
Moon...* Lumian realized that the names possessed an air of
mystery and sophistication, unlike the mundane-sounding Seven of Wands
and Two of Cups.

After pondering for a while, he recognized a crucial point mentioned by
Franca: Madam Justice had been seen in Midseashire, Trier, and Backlund.

Apart from Madam Judgment and Madam Magician, this was the only Major
Arcana card with confirmed sightings in Trier.

Lumian distinctly recalled that Madam Susie had mentioned the
possibility of people from the West Midseashire Coast being Beyonders of
the Spectator pathway.

This implied that she had a good understanding of the West Midseashire
Coast.

Considering that she and the other Psychiatrist were in Trier, their
areas of activity overlapped by at least two-thirds with Madam
Justice's.

Furthermore, when Madam Magician mentioned that the two Psychiatrists
were equals and that his psychological problem involved matters at a
higher level, Lumian suspected that one of them was Madam Justice.

Based on the fact that both Madam Magician and Madam Judgment preferred
to address themselves with tarot cards and conceal their true names, it
was more likely that the enigmatic lady sitting across from him was the
holder of the Major Arcana card, Justice. Susie, on the other hand,
seemed to be her subordinate Minor Arcana card.

With these thoughts in mind, Lumian glanced at Franca, who had adjusted
her sitting position, and spoke, "Were you planning to find a genuine
Psychiatrist for Jenna's brother from within our Tarot Club?"

Franca, confused by Lumian's sudden change of topic, was taken aback.

"No, I intended to approach members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society.

"I try my best not to contact my Major Arcana, Madam Judgment unless
it's a particularly critical or serious matter. Although she always
appears composed and willing to help, do you know? She's a true demigod
and a prominent figure with godlike status. I can't burden her with
trivial matters frequently. She says she doesn't mind, but who knows if
she's truly honest. Each insignificant problem might decrease her favor
towards me.

"When her favorability drops to a certain extent, a demigod has numerous
ways to make your life unbearable. Besides, you won't even know why it's
happening.

"I usually handle things on my own. If that fails, I turn to Gardner
Martin or the members of the Research Society. And if that doesn't work,
I consider reaching out to Madame Judgment."

Lumian shared the same sentiment, but he had the excuse of reporting the
mission's situation and suppressing Termiboros's influence. He could
write to Madam Magician from time to time to gather information.

In any case, he was already in the process of writing a letter. There
was no harm in asking!

Observing that Franca's Psychiatrist wasn't the same as his own, Lumian
didn't mention Susie. He nodded gently and replied, "Same here."

Franca glanced around and lowered her voice.

"However, don't hesitate to seek help when you need it. The resources
and influence wielded by Major Arcana card holders exceed your
imagination. What you find difficult can be resolved with a mere command
or thought.

"Wasn't my mystical item, the Ring of Punishment, incredibly powerful?
Madame Judgment granted it to me directly upon my request. She even
allowed me to owe an equivalent exchange for a period of time.

"Uh... I see how you obtained the Pyromaniac potion formula and its main
ingredient so quickly!"

*You're not wrong... *Lumian smiled, conveying to Franca that
she had hit the mark.

He believed that if he could acquire Beyonder characteristics that
complemented the Shadow Branch, he could genuinely seek the help of
Madam Magician in finding a Saint-level Artisan to craft the
corresponding mystical item.

Compared to him, who was only a Sequence 7, Madam Magician, already a
demigod, was more likely to be acquainted with a high-level Artisan!

Franca exhaled and continued the conversation.

"Every bearer of a Major Arcana card is a demigod, with a high
probability of being a Saint. At the very least, the more active ones
don't seem to be at the level of Grounded Angels. However, Madam
Judgment told me that the Tarot Club has more than one Angel!"

*At least eight Saints, and more than one Angel? They're even stronger
than the Aurora Order... Truly befitting the most extraordinary secret
organization...* Lumian sighed, wondering if the Tarot Club's
key members were exaggerating to instill a stronger sense of belonging
among their subordinates.

With a yearning expression, Franca added, "My current dream is to
progress step by step to Sequence 5, then advance to Sequence 4 of the
Hunter pathway and become a demigod. That would grant me the right to
obtain a Major Arcana card.

"Not only would it mean greater strength and a sense of security, but it
would also allow me to participate in the Divine Council and ask Mr.
Fool about things once he awakens."

*According to Madam Magician, obtaining a Major Arcana card isn't
dependent on advancing to Sequence 4 and becoming a demigod...
*Lumian dealt Franca a blow to prevent her from having overly
high expectations.

However, Franca didn't mind at all. She smiled and said, "In any case,
my question will have to wait until Mr. Fool wakes up. When the time
comes, demigods will undoubtedly be more qualified than other members to
obtain a Major Arcana card."

At this point, she looked at Lumian and continued, "Apart from us, there
are four more Minor Arcana cards active in Trier. In total, there are 23
cards in the world, but there might be fewer. Many Beyonders find it
fashionable to scatter tarot cards at the scene of an incident and
intentionally imitate us. They might do it to misdirect the official
Beyonders' investigation.

"In Trier, the most renowned card is the Knight of Swords. At the
beginning of the year, he detonated a warehouse belonging to the
Southern Continent's terrorist organization, the Rose School of Thought.
The warehouse concealed a significant amount of explosives, and
non-human remains were found at the scene..."

Lumian listened attentively to Franca's account, gaining a better
understanding of the Tarot Club and the Major Arcana and Minor Arcana
cards.

After a brief moment of contemplation, he asked, "Do Minor Arcana cards
have gatherings in the world of mysticism?"

"No," Franca shook her head again. "Unless we meet in person, like we
have, we can only communicate through our respective Major Arcana cards.
Yes, regular gatherings do take place between Major Arcana cards in Mr.
Fool's divine kingdom!

"However, Madame Judgment mentioned once that in urgent situations, with
the assistance of our Major Arcana, we can communicate in a way that
transcends reality, but such occurrences are rare."

Lumian had no further questions. After chatting for a while, he heard
Jenna's footsteps ascending the stairs.

He stood up, preparing to leave.

"Where are you going?" Franca asked, puzzled.

At this hour, there was nothing for him to do in Salle de Bal Brise, so
he might as well stay and play Fighting Evil, the game Emperor Roselle
had "invented."

Lumian smiled, a mix of emotions in his expression.

"To the catacombs."

The ashes of the lunatic Flameng and the Ruhr couple were finally being
laid to rest in the catacombs.