---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1735
index: 266
section: vol3
slug: 266
title: Catacombs
---

## Chapter 266: Catacombs

Outside the police headquarters in the bustling market district, Lumian,
donning the enigmatic Prying Glasses, climbed aboard the carriage
adorned with painted irises.

Two ordinary constables, clad in black uniforms, occupied the seats
opposite, their feet resting beside three somber urns. The names of the
departed flickered in fluorescent ink.

Taking his place across from them before the carriage slowly steered
forward, Lumian caught the older constable's inquisitive gaze.

"What brings you here? What's your connection to these departed souls?"

He remembered that two of the deceased had neither kin nor friends, and
the remaining one had distant relatives who trembled at the mere mention
of the name Flameng. Not only were they unwilling to come and collect
the ashes and relics, but they also reluctantly admitted that they were
related by blood or marriage.

Lumian responded calmly.

"I'm their landlord, in a manner of speaking."

"Just the landlord?" The older constable appeared skeptical.

"Officer, a landlord is a person too. They can feel for others!" Lumian
chuckled. "I've shared a drink or had a chat with them. Accompanying
their remains into the catacombs isn't a big deal."

The younger constable feigned disinterest, gazing out the window, while
the older constable exuded an air of familiarity.

"Youth suits you well. But in the motel or apartment business in the
market district, you must guard against developing attachments to
tenants. Otherwise, you'll either be deceived or heartbroken. After a
few more such experiences, your enthusiasm for others will wane."

Lumian offered a perfunctory reply, and the constable broached another
subject.

"We still have Flameng's belongings. His kin refuse to collect them.
Would you like them? If not, we'll handle it ourselves."

"I'll take a look when I return from the catacombs," Lumian replied
nonchalantly.

During the journey from the market district to the Place du Purgatoire
in Quartier de l'Observatoire, the older constable chatted away,
alternating between engaging Lumian and attempting to draw his colleague
into conversation. His chatter seemed ceaseless.

Finally reaching their destination, Lumian disembarked from the
carriage, cradling Ruhr's ashes in his arms. Despite his outgoing
nature, Lumian felt a newfound relief, as if his ears had been granted
respite.

The catacomb administrator, whom Lumian had encountered before, awaited
their arrival.

In his mid-thirties, of average build, with curly brown hair, a thick
beard, and slightly upturned eyes, he sported yellow pants, a white
shirt, and a blue vest.

"Kendall, why is it you again?" the older constable greeted him warmly.

Kendall held an unlit carbide lamp and smiled.

"Robert, I heard you were coming, so I made sure to delay my other
duties and be here for you."

As Kendall spoke, he scrutinized Lumian and emphasized, "You didn't
forget to bring the white candles, did you?"

"That will be the last thing I forget!" Robert, clutching Flameng's urn,
fumbled in his pocket and retrieved three white candles. He tossed one
to his colleague and another to Lumian.

With everything in order, Kendall ignited the carbide lamp and turned
around, leading them deeper into the darkness, down the stone staircase
comprising 138 steps.

Along the way, they passed a heavy wooden door engraved with two
imposing Sacred Emblems and traversed a hushed corridor where even the
sound of their breaths seemed amplified.

Lumian was no stranger to such a foreboding atmosphere, but the young
constable displayed signs of nervousness. He clutched Madame Michel's
urn tightly, seeking solace.

After traversing a broad avenue, illuminated by gas street lamps, the
quartet arrived at the catacombs' entrance.

The natural cavern, subsequently modified, stood silently in the dim
yellow glow. Skulls, skeletal arms, sunflowers, and reliefs depicting
steam elements adorned both sides. Beyond them, an impenetrable darkness
loomed.

Etched on the lintel were two inscriptions in Intisian:

"Halt!

"The Death Empire lies ahead!"

Although Lumian had witnessed this sight before, he still felt a
profound sense of reverence.

Unlike his previous curiosity and confusion, he now keenly grasped the
gravity conveyed by these warnings and the surrounding environment.

Beneath Trier's surface lurked countless perils capable of obliterating
the entire city and even Intis itself. These dangers included, but were
not limited to, Trier, the Tree of Shadow, and invisible flames from the
Fourth Epoch. The catacombs, situated here, were unlikely to be
innocuous.

According to Osta Trul, a Secrets Suppliant, visitors who descended into
the catacombs with lit white candles invoked the protection of a
concealed entity, akin to a ritual.

Lumian couldn't help but suspect that opening such a place to the public
served to suppress some subterranean peril, much like the new city
erected upon Trier in the Fourth Epoch.

Kendall turned to Lumian and the others.

"It's time to light the candles. We must ensure they don't go out before
we leave the catacombs.

"If we happen to get separated, don't panic. Look for a road sign. If
you can't find one, follow the black line above you until you reach the
exit."

With Kendall holding the carbide lamp, Lumian and the two others ignited
their white candles, casting a soft yellowish glow.

As the four candles flickered gently, Kendall extinguished the carbide
lamp and led the way through the boulder gate, entering the realm of the
Death Empire.

Lumian followed closely behind, clutching the urn in one hand and the
white candle in the other.

Suddenly, a chill swept over him, sending shivers down his spine.

But the cold didn't originate from his surroundings; it emanated from
deep within his heart, causing his hair to stand on end.

Simultaneously, Lumian felt eyes fixed upon him, their gazes piercing
his soul.

Using the flame of his candle, he looked to his right and saw pits
carved into the stone wall, each one containing a ghastly skeletal
corpse.

The hollow-eyed skulls stared at him lifelessly, devoid of emotion.

Lumian didn't avert his gaze as he carefully observed the corpses. He
realized that the eerie sensation of being watched didn't stem from
them, yet the feeling remained.

An instinctive urge to activate his Spirit Vision surged within him, but
he had changed since arriving in Trier. He had encountered enough to
know that many warnings were inscribed with blood and tears by those who
came before him.

*I shouldn't look at what I shouldn't... Since it poses no danger to me,
there's no need to search for the source of this abnormality...*
Lumian silently muttered, turning his attention to the police officers
beside him.

They seemed oblivious to any anomaly and continued following the tomb
administrator, Kendall, as if everything was normal.

This made Lumian suspect that the experience was a result of the
qualitative change in his spirituality after his advancement to
Pyromaniac.

*It's good that you can't feel it...* Lumian couldn't help but
sigh.

Under the weight of countless gazes, his skin erupted in goosebumps.

He cautiously looked up and saw a thick black line painted on the top of
the tomb, with an arrow pointing toward the exit.

As he advanced, Lumian noticed that both sides of the path were lined
with bones. Some were nestled in pits along the stone walls, others were
piled by the roadside, and some were covered by tattered garments. Some
lay bare, stripped of all burial items, their skulls coated in a layer
of dark-green mold. The air carried a diluted scent of decay.

The catacombs were divided into multiple chambers, each designated by
name, ensuring visitors could locate specific remains.

Lumian and his companions followed Kendall through the narrow passage
between the tomb chapel and the tomb memorial pillar. Ahead, they saw
dozens of yellowish candles.

At times, the flames clustered together like fireflies in the night,
while other times they formed a river of dim starlight.

Lumian glanced around casually and spotted a bride, her face veiled in
white, adorned in a sanctified gown. Beside her stood a groom in a black
tailcoat, a floral handkerchief adorning his chest pocket. Surrounding
them were 30 to 40 youths, holding lit white candles and laughing
merrily.

"What's happening?" Lumian couldn't hide his confusion.

Kendall scoffed and explained, "It's part of a wedding ceremony.

"Since last year, newlyweds have been bringing young guests into the
catacombs, crossing paths with the deceased. It's become a popular
tradition in Trier. Young folks are always daring, taking pride in their
courage and delighting in scaring others. I've seen guests purposely
pick up skeletal hands and pat the bride and groom on the shoulder,
nearly causing them to faint in fear."

*Oh, you Trieriens...* Lumian shook his head in amusement.

It didn't take long for the four of them to reach their destination, the
Tomb of Lights.

In the center stood a black pedestal, atop which an obelisk painted
white bore the emblem of the Sun. At its peak rested an ancient,
extinguished oil lamp. The walls and floor were filled with bones, urns,
and countless tearcatchers.

Upon entering, Lumian realized a problem.

"Where are Flameng's relatives?"

He had wanted Flameng to rest alongside his children, wife, and parents.

After a brief moment of contemplation, Lumian suddenly understood why
Flameng hadn't specified the location of his kin's remains.

He felt guilty and self-reproachful. Flameng desired to be with his
family, yet he didn't dare approach them. He intended to stay in the
same chamber and watch over them from a distance.

An indescribable sorrow enveloped Lumian as he stood silently, choosing
to honor Flameng's final wish. He found an empty spot and gently placed
the urn of the troubled soul.

Once Robert and the others had arranged the urns of the Ruhr couple, the
four of them offered simultaneous prayer, either uttering "Praise the
Sun" or "By Steam."

On their way back, they encountered the newlyweds and their young
entourage.

As Lumian brushed past them, he noticed a young couple in the group.
Seizing the moment when the tomb administrator's attention waned, they
impulsively attempted to blow out the white candle in their hands,
curious to see what would happen.

*Whoosh!*

They had indeed done it.

The two yellowish flames were extinguished.

In that instant, Lumian's mind turned adrift.

Quickly regaining his composure, he realized the young couple had
vanished without a trace.

*They're gone...* Lumian's eyes widened as he tried to
comprehend the situation.

A few seconds later, he accepted the undeniable truth.

The young couple had truly vanished!

Lumian then shifted his gaze back to the entourage.

Whether it was the newlyweds leading the way, the attending guests, or
those at the rear, no one seemed to notice anyone missing. They
continued to smile, joke, and move forward.