---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1737
index: 268
section: vol3
slug: 268
title: Possible Encounters
---

## Chapter 268: Possible Encounters

Upon hearing Termiboros's question, Lumian felt a jolt of alarm.

He had never suspected that there might be something amiss with
Flameng's prolonged stay at Auberge du Coq Doré, evading the clutches of
the Montsouris ghost.

From Lumian's perspective, Flameng's immediate family and wife had
already met their demise, and it was only a matter of time before he met
a similar fate. The archives at Psychic's headquarters revealed
instances where victims had been slain by the Montsouris ghost up to 11
months after encountering it. While Flameng's circumstances were rare,
they were not unprecedented.

In an instant, Lumian's mind seized upon an intriguing detail.

The previous victims had all met their end within the same year of their
encounter, whereas Flameng had crossed paths with the ghost last year.
He had even sought the sanctuary of the clergy during the New Year
festivities.

Although less than a year had passed since Flameng's encounter with the
Montsouris ghost and his subsequent suicide, it was an unprecedented
delay compared to the other cases.

"Could this Earth Blood ore be responsible for protecting Flameng,
causing the Montsouris ghost to repeatedly postpone its actions and
disrupt its usual patterns?" Lumian asked Termiboros, his voice hushed,
seeking confirmation.

Termiboros was a true Angel, devoid of power due to a perfect seal but
possessing remarkable insight, knowledge, and level made Him capable of
deciphering many matters.

Termiboros replied in a majestic voice, *"It instills fear and repulsion
in the Montsouris ghost, but it holds no power of its own. For you, this
could be a crucial key."*

"A key?" Lumian swiftly made numerous connections. "The key to a hidden
chamber in Fourth Epoch Trier?"

Termiboros responded in an unusually deep voice, *"You will inevitably
enter Fourth Epoch Trier. It is where an encounter, both treacherous and
fortuitous, awaits you.*

*"Rather than remaining passive, it would be wiser to explore
proactively, leveraging the insights gained from each venture to better
prepare yourself."*

"Aren't you revealing your intentions too quickly?" Lumian couldn't help
but chuckle. "Are you trying to hasten my demise? So that you may
utilize the unique underground environment to block the signal of the
collapsing seal and ensure your own safe escape?"

Given that the Tree of Shadow hadn't taken root in Fourth Epoch Trier,
Lumian held no interest in venturing underground.

Without awaiting Termiboros's response, he left the room and made his
way to the nearest washroom, eager to wash off the mystical makeup that
concealed his true identity.

Having eliminated the latent threat, Lumian settled at a wooden table
and began to write.

It was clear that both Flameng and the Earth Blood ore were
extraordinary cases. He couldn't simply follow Termiboros's directives;
consulting Madam Magician was imperative.

If he lacked knowledge and blindly believed the words of an Angel tied
to an evil deity, he would inevitably suffer dire consequences, even
risking his life.

Termiboros's voice resonated once more.

*"Can you truly trust this Magician, this Tarot Club, as they
claim?*

*"They sealed me within your body instead of seeking my eradication. I
fear they have ulterior motives, intending to exploit you for their
nefarious purposes."*

*"They cast you into Trier, the very heart of the storm, yet they
displayed no concern nor made any inquiries about your well-being. Don't
you find this suspicious? It cannot be explained away as mere
training."*

Lumian beamed and said with a sigh, "Have you never deceived or
manipulated others in the past, relying solely on your status and
abilities to achieve your goals?

"Would you like me to purchase a copy of the Art of Persuasion and read
it aloud daily for your instruction?

"Allow me to enlighten you. Such tricks wouldn't have ensnared me during
my early teenage years. I am well aware of those I can depend on, my
true friends, my adversaries, and those I must remain wary of."

Termiboros fell silent, seemingly contemplating whether to acquire the
art of rhetoric.

Lumian swiftly penned a letter to Madam Magician, detailing the recent
developments, and entrusted it, along with the Earth Blood ore, to the
puppet messenger he had summoned.

In due time, a reply arrived from Madam Magician, who returned the
mineral specimen.

"I'm relieved to see that you remained cautious and didn't fully trust
Termiboros's words.

"However, there is some truth to what He said. The ore lacks inherent
power, but it carries remnants of unknown auras and characteristics,
mostly dissipated. It won't aid you directly, but it seems destined to
bring about encounters in the future, which could be either beneficial
or detrimental. Its current state is highly chaotic, making it difficult
to provide an accurate interpretation.

"What Termiboros intentionally misled you about is that the fortuitous
encounter He spoke of might not necessarily occur in Fourth Epoch Trier,
but somewhere underground.

"If, in the future, you wish to explore the potential encounters and are
prepared to take risks, carry it with you whenever you venture into
Underground Trier. Alternatively, if you wish to avoid the risk, keep it
safely stored in your room.

"The symbolic elements I mentioned previously have already begun to
unfold. A friend of mine mentioned that he possesses great proficiency
in deciphering such matters. Once he completes his current tasks, I will
arrange for you to meet him..."

Suddenly, a blaze erupted from Lumian's hand, reducing the letter to
ashes.

Contemplating the words of both Madam Magician and Termiboros, Lumian
couldn't help but believe that the Earth Blood ore before him could
trigger some kind of mutation within Underground Trier. It could lead to
a fortuitous encounter or even claim his life.

*For now, it's best not to take unnecessary risks*, Lumian
thought, aware of his current strengths.

As a Sequence 7 Pyromaniac, he had overcome any deficiencies in both
close-quarters combat and long-range attacks, excelling in hand-to-hand
combat and spellcasting. He had surpassed the limitations of an ordinary
individual. However, Hunters leaned more towards conventional battles
and lacked the peculiar abilities and methods to deal with the
peculiarities of Underground Trier.

Lumian decided to wait until he had fully digested the Pyromaniac potion
and obtained the Contractee boon. Then, he would consider carrying the
Earth Blood ore based on the information he had gathered about
Underground Trier.

It would be even better if he could transform the Shadow Branch into a
mystical item before that.

Suppressing his thoughts, Lumian took the mineral specimen to Rue des
Blouses Blanches and concealed it in his safehouse.

Before the afternoon sun waned, he delved into Aurore's grimoire,
meticulously studying its contents alongside Franca's teachings and his
own experiences with fire spells, searching for any potential issues.

After more than an hour, Lumian stumbled upon a section about summoning
creatures from the spirit world and forging contracts.

His mind immediately turned to White Paper, Aurore's contracted
creature.

The fragile spirit entity possessed the ability to withstand a specific
ability of the contractor.

*I wonder if the contract between Aurore and White Paper has been
severed. According to the notebook, aside from the designated ritual,
the contract can only be broken if one of the parties is completely
deceased.*

*Regrettably, contracted creatures can only be summoned by the
contractor and not by others like a messenger. Otherwise, I could
utilize White Paper to determine if Aurore is truly deceased...*

*Hm... Is it possible that Aurore left behind any information with White
Paper?*

Lost in thought, Lumian's mind shifted to another matter that had
previously escaped his notice.

*Considering that Aurore occasionally gained clarity and assisted him in
cutting up the livre bleu, reassembling letters, and seeking aid from
the authorities, and since her initial response in the dream was to
summon the messenger of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society's Vice
President, Hela, to seek her counsel, why didn't she occasionally summon
the messenger when she was lucid and inform Madame Hela about her
predicament?*

*In Madame Hela's earliest response to me, she clearly seemed unaware of
the situation.*

*What prevented Aurore from making such an attempt?*

*Or could it be that she did summon a messenger, and Hela is concealing
it?*

Lumian narrowed his eyes. Without the accompanying memories, he couldn't
discern the source of the problem.

For now, he wasn't overly suspicious of Hela, believing there must be
another explanation.

It was worth noting that Hela's messenger knew Lumian's exact location.
If the woman was truly entangled in Cordu's affairs and played a
dishonorable role, she would undoubtedly wish to eliminate the final
"survivor" without leaving any loose ends. Yet, all this time, she not
only refrained from making any substantial moves but also kindly
provided knowledge and suggestions.

For a moment, Lumian considered writing down his questions and sending
them to Hela to gauge her response. However, he restrained himself,
fearing that it might expose the king's new clothes and lead to
unfavorable outcomes.

He decided to first have a conversation with Franca and gather opinions
from her teammates in the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society and the
Tarot Club regarding Hela's trustworthiness.

If Franca believed Hela to be reliable and had shared information about
the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society with her Major Arcana card,
Lumian would request Madam Magician to keep a watchful eye before
sending inquiries to Hela.

He forced himself to regain composure and resumed studying Aurore's
grimoire. Only when evening arrived did he leave Rue des Blouses
Blanches, making his way onto Avenue du Marché and entering his Salle de
Bal Brise.

"Good evening, Boss!" Greetings echoed from all directions as Lumian
nodded in acknowledgement and led Louis and Sarkota to the second floor.

Before he could settle in at the café, René, the dance hall manager,
approached him.

The slender middle-aged man pressed a hand to his chest and bowed
respectfully.

"Monsieur Ciel, Monsieur Martin requests your presence at Rue des
Fontaines tomorrow at 10 a.m."

*Boss wants to see me?* Lumian was both surprised and delighted.

He was taken aback that Gardner Martin had sent for him despite the
recent lack of incidents. Yet, he couldn't help but feel a sense of joy
at the prospect of further interaction with Gardner Martin and the
opportunity to gain his trust to join the Iron and Blood Cross Order.