---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1740
index: 271
section: vol3
slug: 271
title: Acting
---

## Chapter 271: Acting

With this in mind, Lumian's gaze automatically drifted over "Rat"
Christo and "Giant" Simon, taking them in.

He sensed that the chances of them becoming expendable pawns were slim.
Potion-consuming Beyonders, unlike the Blessed relying on divine favors
from evil gods, were a rarity. They couldn't be simply stockpiled at
will. Firstly, the ingredients required were specific, and secondly,
ample time was needed. At the Mid-Sequence, luck and mastery of the
acting method played a role.

If he were to use them as mere pawns in this mission, the likelihood of
reclaiming the Beyonder characteristics would be greatly diminished. It
constituted a substantial portion of Gardner Martin's control over the
underground world in the market district.

As a member of the secretive organization, the Iron and Blood Cross
Order, Gardner Martin could indeed bear such a loss, but he wouldn't
make such a colossal sacrifice for something insignificant.

And if the mission was of sufficient importance, sending only one
Sequence 7 and two Sequence 8 Beyonders was clearly inadequate.
Shouldn't Gardner Martin be concerned about failure?

With this realization, Lumian swiftly revised his conjecture.

Either this was a preliminary test, a low-risk mission designed to
assess him, regardless of whether "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon were
aware of it, or it was indeed a crucial and perilous operation. While
using them as pawns, there would be powerhouses present as a safety net.
This was also a test.

With this in mind, Lumian's initial reaction was to gaze at Gardner
Martin and accept the mission, projecting an image of an ambitious young
man striving to climb the ranks.

If it was the first possibility, this was his best chance to prove
himself. If it was the second possibility, Lumian still had Mr. K's
finger quietly nestled in his pocket as a trump card. When the time
came, if he needed to divulge his affiliation with the Aurora Order to
ensure his survival, he could abandon the Iron and Blood Cross Order's
mission.

As long as he remained alive, he could await another opportunity!

After the catastrophe caused by the Tree of Shadow, Lumian visited
Psychic's headquarters and met Mr. K before Gardner Martin could conduct
an investigation.

He concealed his experience with the Tree of Shadow, merely mentioning
that something had occurred in the market district, trapping them in a
peculiar wilderness. Then the brownish-green tree descended, and Susanna
Mattise appeared, draining everyone's energy. To combat the Fallen Tree
Spirit, he used the finger to fashion a robust defensive flesh robe, but
he didn't receive additional assistance.

Later, with the aid of the tree's further descent, Susanna Mattise's
weakened state, and the involvement of the other two present Beyonders,
he barely overcame the enemy and vanquished her using his Pyromaniac
abilities and the Fallen Mercury from Cordu.

He spoke the truth, albeit blurring the sequence of events, time, and
location, as well as omitting a few details. The logic remained intact.
Mr. K harbored no suspicions after hearing the account; instead, he
sighed and cautioned Lumian not to overly rely on the finger since there
were multiple ways to sever the mystical connection between him and it.

Satisfied with Lumian's advancement to Pyromaniac with Gardner Martin's
assistance, Mr. K plucked another finger for him.

This led Lumian to believe that, as long as he didn't encounter
extraordinary environments like Paramita or the Tree of Shadow and
wasn't entangled in the perilous affair of confronting a godlike entity
head-on, with Mr. K's finger, even if he couldn't completely reverse the
situation, he still had a high chance of escape.

Just as Lumian was about to express his stance to the boss, he suddenly
sensed that he shouldn't push his acting too far.

That was what Jenna would occasionally say.

*According to Franca, Boss is at least a Sequence 6 Conspirer. I can't
underestimate his intelligence and discernment...*

*My background is undeniably evident. I'm young and hail from the
countryside. I was once entangled in a Beyonder catastrophe and lacked
knowledge. I wanted to change my fate, but I've spent a considerable
time in the market district, openly and covertly accomplishing much.
Even with what the Boss only knows, it should be enough for him to
perceive that I'm not an ignorant country bumpkin who acts rashly and
mercilessly.*

*Based on today's incident, the impression the boss has of me should be
someone capable of detecting mission abnormalities and potential
dangers. Simply agreeing without reason or observation would only raise
suspicions of ulterior motives or reliance on something.*

*That would be troublesome...*

A whirlwind of thoughts raced through Lumian's mind. He immediately
shifted his gaze to "Giant" Simon and "Rat" Christo, eagerly awaiting
their reactions and attitudes toward the mission.

It remained unclear whether "Rat" Christo was recalling the incident
involving the "Mirror People" or his brother's demise due to it. His
expression grew nasty, tainted with fear and apprehension.

Doubt and wariness flickered across "Giant" Simon's face, yet he didn't
voice any objections.

After a few seconds, they nearly spoke simultaneously.

"Yes, Boss!"

Observing this, Lumian deliberately hesitated before continuing, "Yes,
Boss!"

With keen eyes, Gardner Martin observed Lumian, Christo, and Simon,
assessing their expressions and demeanors.

After their unanimous agreement, the boss of the Savoie Mob grinned with
satisfaction and said, "I shall now disclose the mission details."

He reached into a drawer and retrieved a scroll made of faux goatskin,
laying it out on the desk before them.

Approaching, Lumian and his companions beheld a map revealing a section
of Underground Trier!

The map measured a meter in length and 50 centimeters in width. The
upper level depicted the Underground Trier, formed by the municipal
department through the excavation of various tunnels and reinforcement
of the quarry cave. It corresponded to the streets and squares above
ground.

The map focused solely on the underground areas of Quartier du Marché,
Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative, Quartier du Jardin Botanique,
and Quartier de l'Observatoire. However, it was intricately detailed, as
if copied from the original by infiltrating the municipal department.

Lumian could clearly discern extensions on both sides, although the
drawing did not continue.

In the middle of the map lay quarry caves, ancient catacombs, and
underground river tributaries, scattered in a haphazard manner and
connected to the upper level through visible or concealed tunnels.

This portion contained numerous gaps and omissions. Beside these areas
were inscriptions such as "to be investigated," "to be explored," and
"to be searched."

The lower levels of the map encompassed collapsed mines and more missing
information, as if veiled in a shroud of fog. Even the Iron and Blood
Cross Order, a secret organization, lacked comprehensive knowledge.

Numerous passageways extended downward from this level, but the map did
not indicate their connections.

*Fourth Epoch Trier? The place referred to as the Ancient Ruins Reserve
by the authorities?*

*It's evident that this map is a copy of a more comprehensive
one...*

*A complete version includes Fourth Epoch Trier?*

*The Iron and Blood Cross Order possesses extensive knowledge of the
underground... *Lumian speculated as he committed the incomplete
map to memory.

After his three subordinates had taken a cursory glance at the map,
Gardner Martin pointed to a location and said, "This is your
destination."

It marked a collapsed mine, yet there remained some open space.

Situated at the lowest level of the map, it was near Fourth Epoch Trier.

Above it, corresponding to Avenue Sèlbù, Rue des Mauvais Enfants, and
Place de la Forêt, lay the intersection between Quartier de
l'Observatoire and Quartier du Jardin Botanique.

"It's called the Albert Mines," Gardner Martin introduced. "To reach it,
you must traverse two privately-bored tunnels. It remains unknown to the
authorities and most people who travel underground."

As he spoke, Gardner Martin traced the tunnel with his finger and
instructed Lumian, Christo, and Simon on the correct entrance.

Finally, he sighed with a tinge of emotion and added, "Six years ago,
Albert Goncourt, the leader of the rebellion and the mastermind behind
the uprising, relied on this mine, which he discovered and named, to
elude the army, police, and official Beyonders who were searching the
underground. He survived."

*Six years ago... Rebellion... Uprising...* Lumian instantly
recalled what he had witnessed and heard.

During the war with the Loen Kingdom, prices in Trier skyrocketed,
leaving people in despair due to the exorbitant cost of food. This
triggered a massive protest that swept through the city, resulting in
various conflicts.

From Gardner Martin's words, it was evident that the protest wasn't
purely spontaneous. Someone had planned and guided it. Was the Iron and
Blood Cross Order also involved? Lumian continued to gaze at the map,
lost in thought.

Concluding his explanation, Gardner Martin said, "Your task is to reach
the Albert Mines before noon and await the arrival of a trader who will
hand you a box.

"You need not give him anything, nor do you need to communicate with him
verbally.

"On your return journey, you must not open that box, as doing so would
expose you to immeasurable danger.

"As long as you strictly follow my instructions, the mission poses
minimal risk. While you may encounter peculiar phenomena concealed
underground or face Beyonder monsters, good teamwork will resolve those
challenges."

After providing them with additional guidance, Lumian, Christo, and
Simon each took a carbide lamp and departed from 11 Rue des Fontaines,
making their way to the nearest entrance to Underground Trier.

Casting a final glance at the now-out-of-sight grayish-white villa,
Lumian considered the impression Gardner Martin had of him.

With a smile, he casually inquired of "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon,
"Have you undertaken similar missions before?"

"Rat" Christo fell silent for a few seconds before answering, "Thrice."

"Once," "Giant" Simon replied in a slightly buzzing voice.

Lumian chuckled.

"Well, the fact that you're still alive suggests that such missions
aren't too perilous."

"Rat" Christo remained silent, as though he had fallen into a grim
recollection. "Giant" Simon reassured himself, echoing Lumian's words.

"You're right. Perhaps this is a test from the boss. Those who pass may
have an opportunity to advance further."

Lumian smiled.

"And what about those who fail? Do they perish on the spot?"