---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1741
index: 272
section: vol3
slug: 272
title: Charismatic Artist
---

## Chapter 272: Charismatic Artist

"Giant" Simon found himself momentarily speechless, struggling to find
the right words. After a few seconds of contemplation, he finally spoke
up.

"Are you out of your mind? If you fail, the worst outcome would be
missing an opportunity."

"Rat" Christo chimed in.

"If the mission is truly important, the Boss wouldn't hesitate to handle
it personally. He wouldn't send us. And if it's not a significant task,
the risk won't be too high."

This train of thought mirrored Lumian's initial concerns.

Lumian glanced towards the nearby entrance of Underground Trier,
intentionally wearing a smile.

"Perhaps we are merely bait in this scenario?

"For instance, the Boss suspects that a faction is secretly watching us,
so he has deliberately devised this mission. If everything goes smoothly
without any abnormalities, he can deactivate the alarm and consider it a
test. However, if he does catch something, he can follow the trail of
clues to uncover the truth and eliminate any hidden dangers. As for us
being the bait and potentially getting caught, it's not his concern. As
long as we ultimately achieve his goal, losing a few Low-Sequence
Beyonders falls within his level of tolerance."

"Rat" Christo's face turned pale upon hearing these words, while "Giant"
Simon fell into silence.

Although they lacked experience with mysticism, their years as mobsters
and leaders had honed their basic analytical skills.

They couldn't help but admit that Ciel's theory made sense.

This, naturally, brought about a deep sense of fear for their lives.

Especially for Christo, memories of his brother Erkin's death and the
pained expressions of his wife and children flooded his mind.

If it weren't for the Boss assigning him another task and excluding him
from the smuggling operation, he might have been replaced by the
so-called "Mirror People" and met a tragic end somewhere underground.

And as for his wife, his dogs, and the other animals he cared for, the
"Mirror Person" would have had the opportunity to enjoy them for a
while!

With these thoughts weighing on their minds, the three of them ignited
their carbide lamps and descended the steel stairs in silence.

Christo scanned the dark tunnel with the bluish-yellow light, his voice
trembling as he spoke.

"The Boss wouldn't purposefully send us to our deaths.

"Even as Low-Sequence Beyonders, we still have our uses. If we perish
underground, it might take the Boss half a year or even a whole year to
groom a replacement."

The "Mirror People" incident came to his mind, the Boss's request for
him to undertake a different task being a clear attempt to protect him
without revealing anything.

"Everything comes at a price. Perhaps the stakes involved this time are
more valuable than the three of us combined." Lumian held the carbide
lamp emitting a yellowish glow, walking steadily through the dark and
slightly damp passageway. He sneered and said, "I hope this mission
won't be as perilous as the Boss claims, but we can't afford to be
naive. We must prepare for the worst."

Noting Ciel's significant improvement, Christo couldn't help but ask,
"What should we do?"

From his perspective, Ciel was the most reliable person in this
mission---a lifeline in critical moments.

Surprised by Christo's sudden timidity, "Giant" Simon turned towards
him.

*When did the "Rat" become so fearful?*

*As a leader under the Boss, why would he choose to display weakness and
worry in front of Ciel?*

*Where is his pride and self-esteem? Wasn't he afraid that Ciel would
overshadow him and encroach upon his smuggling business?*

This was precisely the effect Lumian intended. He genuinely spoke up.

"The Boss has helped me multiple times, and I'm more than willing to
carry out missions for him. However, the risk involved should not be
excessively high, leaving us with only the option of 'death.' Damn it, I
haven't lived long enough!

"That's why my stance is to attempt the mission if possible. If it
becomes too dangerous, I won't hesitate to abandon it and ensure my own
survival. This might require the three of us to let down our guard
against each other and cooperate fully to overcome any hidden threats."

Such an attitude struck a chord with Christo and Simon, prompting
visible or imperceptible nods from them.

No one was entirely selfless. Taking a calculated risk for the Boss was
already a testament to their loyalty!

Accepting this attitude and genuinely cooperating to resist danger
seemed to be the only viable choice, at least on the surface.

"How should we collaborate?" Christo swiftly made up his mind.

He didn't want another "Mirror People" incident.

Lumian smirked once more.

"First and foremost, we must understand each other's abilities so that
we can complement one another more effectively."

Christo pondered for a moment before speaking up, "I'm a Beast Tamer, a
Sequence 8 of the Apothecary pathway. I can directly confront and
communicate with various beasts to a certain extent. I have the ability
to gradually tame them and make them my assistants.

"I'm also skilled in treating illnesses and providing comprehensive
medical care..."

At that moment, he couldn't help but cast a questioning glance at Ciel,
as if hinting at his need for a remedy to improve his performance in bed
and replenish his physical stamina.

Word had gotten around about Ciel being quite a libertine. Not only was
he involved with Jenna, "Red Boots'" mistress, but he had also been
linked to nearly ten dancers. He had arranged for them to receive acting
lessons at Théâtre de l'Ancienne Cage à Pigeons, allowing them to earn
money without having to accompany customers.

*An Apothecary? If only I had known that "Rat" Christo was an
Apothecary, I would've gotten him to give plenty of medicine to Jenna's
mother... She would've made a quick recovery and returned home that very
night...* Lumian silently sighed and nodded approvingly in the
flickering light of the carbide lamp.

The more "Giant" Simon listened, the more astonished he became.

He began to suspect that "Rat" Christo had lost his mind by divulging
the secrets of his Sequence!

Until now, apart from Gardner Martin, nobody knew Christo's Sequence or
the pathway he belonged to. After all, there were plenty of people in
Trier who had a fondness for pets---some even had a large number of them
or formed intimate relationships with animals, as occasionally seen in
the newspapers.

In a flash, an idea struck Simon.

"Rat" Christo was in charge of the smuggling business and had completed
most of the Boss's secret missions. Perhaps he knew something and had
become pessimistic about this operation, hence his sincere cooperation
with Ciel.

Christo let out a sigh and continued, "I've been unlucky. I haven't
managed to tame a genuine Beyonder creature yet. Otherwise, I wouldn't
be powerless against Mid-Sequence Beyonders even if I encountered them.

"This mission was sudden and we didn't have time to prepare. I only
brought a few companions with me. Is he afraid that we won't die quickly
enough?"

As he spoke, he raised his right hand.

A colorful snake-like creature with a triangular head emerged from his
sleeve.

Soon after, Christo had the snake retreat back into his sleeve. He
reached into his pocket and produced a palm-sized rat.

This rat was different from the ordinary kind. Its fur was pale white
and distinct, with eyes as bright as rubies.

"This is Taffy. It's a unique creature I discovered underground during
my smuggling days. It can't be used as the main ingredient for any
potion, but it has the ability to sense hidden dangers," Christo briefly
introduced.

"It can also sense the approximate strength of others, right?" Lumian
asked thoughtfully.

Christo looked at Lumian with surprise and hesitated for a moment before
replying, "Yes."

Recognizing that Christo had already divulged enough information, Lumian
didn't press further, despite suspecting that he possessed other
abilities or other animal companions. Instead, he shifted his gaze to
"Giant" Simon.

Simon hesitated for a moment, recalling his earlier speculation. In a
muffled voice, he said, "I'm a Sequence 8 Pugilist of the Warrior
pathway. Like 'Hammer' Ait, I excel in face-to-face combat and various
fighting techniques. I carry a gun, a dagger, a bayonet, and boxing
gloves."

His explanation was brief, as Pugilists didn't possess any extraordinary
abilities.

*No mystical item? That's true. It's indeed challenging for mobsters
groomed by secret organizations to acquire such items...* Lumian
chuckled to himself.

"You're stronger than 'Hammer' Ait because you're intelligent and can
read the situation clearly."

These words left Simon unsure whether to feel angered or proud.

Holding the carbide lamp, he looked at Lumian and said, "What about you?
Which Sequence 8 pathway are you from? Hunter?"

Since they were working together, Ciel couldn't keep his Sequence a
secret!

Lumian smiled, raising his right hand in front of him.

Silently, a crimson flame emerged from his palm and hung in the air,
burning silently.

"You're a Pyromaniac?" Simon exclaimed in surprise.

Among Trier's mystical circles, the most common information concerned
Mid-Sequence Beyonders of the Hunter pathway, especially those below
Sequence 6.

Lumian didn't respond, opting to maintain his smile instead.

Simon suddenly understood why "Rat" Christo's attitude towards Ciel had
undergone such a drastic change and why he appeared to seek his
assistance.

Sequence 7 was the starting point for Mid-Sequence Beyonders. Compared
to Low-Sequence Beyonders like themselves, their strength had undergone
a qualitative transformation. They were countless times more powerful!

With his attention now diverted from the pocket of "Rat" Christo, Simon
asked Lumian in surprise and suspicion, "Does the Boss know that you've
advanced to Sequence 7?"

"The Boss provided me with the necessary supplementary ingredients,"
Lumian truthfully replied, dissipating the crimson flame in his palm
under the yellowish glow of the lamp.

*Wha...* Simon's pupils dilated.

Lumian looked around and continued, "That's why, if I can complete this
mission, I will do everything in my power to see it through."

With those words, he pulled out an iron-colored canister and tossed it
to Simon.

"This is Scorpion Poison that I obtained from 'Hammer' Ait. You can
apply it to your weapon.

"Increasing your strength will increase our chances of survival."

Simon caught the canister, momentarily taken aback.

Though Ciel disgusted him and they were at odds, his knowledge,
intelligence, strength, and approach to things made him seem reliable.
Unconsciously, he found himself listening to him and following his lead.

Lumian, who was walking ahead without turning back, let out a sigh of
relief.

He had exaggerated the risks and instilled fear to dampen the spirits of
"Rat" Christo and Simon, plunging them into a state of worry. Then, by
revealing his own strength, offering convincing suggestions, and
providing small favors, he would establish himself as the team's leader.

Only then could he fully harness the team's combined strength without
exposing his hidden trump cards and effectively combat any potential
threats.