---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1742
index: 273
section: vol3
slug: 273
title: Trader
---

## Chapter 273: Trader

Holding the carbide lamp aloft, "Giant" Simon trailed behind Lumian for
a few steps, his keen eyes picking up on the inconsistencies in Lumian's
words.

"Ciel, the Boss knows you've turned into a Pyromaniac. He won't just
toss you aside recklessly, will he?"

Lumian gazed ahead at the tunnel bathed in the yellowish glow, a smile
playing on his lips as he posed a question without turning around.

"How long have I been with the Savoie Mob?"

Both "Giant" Simon and "Rat" Christo had a moment of enlightenment and
found themselves in agreement with Lumian's explanation.

It was true that Lumian, a Beyonder with a dubious past who had recently
joined the mob, had brought with him a crucial ingredient for a potion.
Such a person couldn't be trusted right off the bat. They had to undergo
a series of tests in the form of missions.

And if Lumian were to meet his demise during one of these missions, it
would simply be chalked up to his ill luck. Losing a foreign Beyonder
was far less painful for the Boss than losing a subordinate he had
meticulously groomed.

The two leaders of the Savoie Mob hesitated no longer. They cautiously
followed Lumian, maintaining a distance of two to three steps. It was a
familiar arrangement, much like when they traveled with a few mobsters
stationed at similar positions behind them.

In the midst of their journey, "Giant" Simon donned gloves and applied a
small amount of Scorpion Poison to his dagger, bayonet, and boxing
gloves. He then returned the canister to Lumian.

The trio descended into the tunnel marked on the map. Despite their soft
steps, the special environment caused their footfalls to echo faintly in
the dark, eerily silent underground.

Nearly 45 minutes later, they passed through the area marked as an
ancient tomb and arrived at the entrance of a concealed passageway.

It led to an abandoned quarry cave that had lain dormant for ages. The
ground was uneven, covered in moss. In the distance, the sound of an
underground river could be heard, occasionally accompanied by the
rumbling of a steam subway passing by.

Lumian observed for a moment, clenching the ring of the carbide lamp
between his teeth. With both hands, he grasped a protruding stone wall
and climbed to the cave's summit.

Then, extending his right hand, he pushed an apparently ordinary stone
behind him, wedging it between the side wall and the cave roof.

A pitch-black hole materialized, allowing someone as tall as Simon to
bend over and crawl through.

The hidden tunnel had been fashioned using a long-forgotten ventilation
system that already existed in a nearby quarry.

The three of them hunched over and strode deeper into the underground
tunnel. Gradually, the sounds of the underground river and the steam
subway faded away.

Apart from their own breathing and footsteps, the surroundings were
silent as a tomb.

After nearly half an hour, Lumian and his companions followed the
markings on the map and leaped from an exit, emerging into an already
existing underground cave.

From high above, stalactites dangled like the menacing teeth of a
terrifying beast lurking in the darkness.

Lumian didn't rush to enter another hidden tunnel at the cave's base.
Instead, he turned to "Giant" Simon and "Rat" Christo, who had
accumulated a fair amount of dust on their heads. Wearing a grave
expression, he spoke.

"Before we proceed, let's confirm something to avoid any mishaps. We
won't have time for verbal communication."

"Alright." Both "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon accepted Lumian's words
without question.

With a subtle nod, Lumian replied, "Firstly, from the moment we enter
the second tunnel until we return here, no one is allowed to speak. Make
use of physical gestures as much as possible. If that's not feasible,
you must obtain my permission before uttering a word."

This precautionary measure stemmed from Gardner Martin's advice
regarding the lack of need for communication with the trader. Lumian had
expanded its scope and made it absolute to prevent any potential
mishaps.

Christo and Simon recalled the Boss's counsel and nodded in agreement.

Observing their response, Lumian pressed on, "Secondly, no matter what
anomalies occur, unless something attacks both of you, stay calm and act
in accordance with my lead.

"Thirdly, I won't force you, but if you wish to survive, it's best to
heed my instructions."

These two requests were met with resistance from "Rat" Christo and
"Giant" Simon. They would be entrusting their safety to Lumian's
intelligence, skills, reactions, and knowledge. It was a departure from
their usual reliance on their own wild Beyonder instincts.

After a few seconds of hesitation, "Rat" Christo forced a smile,
recollecting Ciel's strength and previous performances.

"I'll follow your arrangements, but if you fail to react in time and
Taffy warns me of danger, I'll take matters into my own hands.

"Dammit, the longer I've been in this smuggling business, the more I
dread Trier's underground."

"Giant" Simon chimed in, "I'm with you on that, 'Rat.'"

Lumian felt a sense of satisfaction, having successfully "tamed" the two
Beyonders who also served as leaders in the Savoie Mob. He didn't push
further and simply nodded in agreement.

"No problem.

"Fourthly, I will be the one to make contact with the trader later and
retrieve the box the Boss desires."

Upon hearing this, "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon looked at Lumian as
if they were seeing Ciel in a new light.

They had expected the Pyromaniac to leverage his strength and authority
to assign one of them to interact with the trader and handle the
riskiest part of the mission. Alternatively, they thought Lumian might
suggest drawing lots to determine who would handle the task. To their
surprise, Lumian volunteered to take on the responsibility himself.

*Ciel is quite fair...* "Giant" Simon couldn't help but sigh.

He knew he wouldn't be able to do the same if he were in Lumian's
position.

This realization made both "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon less
resistant to following Lumian's instructions.

Though the lighting was dim, Lumian managed to observe his two
colleagues' reactions.

He couldn't help but sneer inwardly.

*If it weren't for the fact that you two Beyonders lack mystical
knowledge and might cause trouble during the box exchange, I wouldn't be
taking such a risk myself.*

Lumian sighed from the depths of his heart. Sometimes, weakness could be
an advantage.

Emphasizing that they were to maintain silence, Lumian picked up the
carbide lamp and made his way to the bottom of the cave. He gestured for
"Giant" Simon to embrace a rock about half his height and move it aside.

The rock was incredibly heavy, posing a challenge even for Simon's
strength. It took him some time to shift it, revealing the deep entrance
to the hidden tunnel.

The tunnel wasn't particularly long, and it took them only seven to
eight minutes to crouch down and make their way through. They arrived at
a mineral cave that had suffered significant collapse, leaving only a
limited space.

This was their destination---the Albert Mines.

Lumian surveyed the cluttered gray-black stones and turned to "Giant"
Simon, who was dressed in a black formal suit. He pointed at his chest.

Understanding the unspoken request, Simon produced an iron-gray pocket
watch and opened it with a snap.

The dial revealed numerous tightly clenched gears, exuding a
sophisticated yet cold mechanical beauty.

"Giant" Simon held up his pocket watch, showing it to Lumian and "Rat"
Christo, indicating that there were still over ten minutes until the
designated time of the transaction---noon.

Lumian nodded and remained silent, patiently awaiting the appointed
hour.

After a while, he subtly turned his head, listening intently for any
signs of movement around them.

He sensed an unusual sound emanating from underground, as if a multitude
of people were screaming, roaring, and fighting.

Beneath the illumination of the carbide lamp, Lumian glanced at Simon
and Christo, noticing their similar reactions, as if they too had caught
wind of the commotion.

Observing Simon and Christo's gazes fixed on him, Lumian lowered his
right hand, signaling them to refrain from being affected.

Intermittently, they could hear peculiar movements. The three of them
stood at the edge of the Albert Mines, silently waiting.

Suddenly, the sound of footsteps echoed from the other side of the mine,
as if someone in leather shoes was approaching from an unusually quiet
tunnel dozens of meters away.

*Is that the trader?* Lumian mused, casting his thoughtful gaze
in that direction.

The footsteps paused and then resumed, resonating through the Albert
Mines.

When they were merely a few meters away from the entrance, they
mysteriously ceased altogether.

After a brief wait, Lumian and his companions spotted a figure emerging
from the opposite mine entrance. It was a man over 1.8 meters tall,
donning a white shirt, yellow vest, black formal suit, and dark pants.
He clutched a small brown leather suitcase in his hand.

The man wore a silk top hat pulled low, casting a shadow over his face.
However, Lumian's Hunter eyesight allowed him to discern the man's
appearance with the aid of the three carbide lamps.

The man had short auburn hair, brownish-red eyes, slightly unkempt and
thick beard, and thick eyebrows. He resembled a starved male bear,
exaggeratedly thin.

The collar of his shirt was tightly fastened, as if he dreaded the cold.

Lumian held the carbide lamp and was about to approach the man.

But then, Christo tugged at his arm.

When Lumian turned his head, Christo anxiously and fearfully pointed at
his right pocket.

*Does this mean that Taffy, the peculiar rat, has issued a warning of
danger? But judging from Christo's behavior, the threat hasn't
materialized yet and is still manageable. Otherwise, he would have
already turned and fled...* Lumian interpreted the signs and
nodded at Christo, indicating that he would proceed with caution.

Christo didn't stop him. He watched Lumian with concern as he advanced
toward the trader.

As he closed the distance, Lumian's gaze carefully assessed the man's
physique, analyzing every detail.

*His clothes are slightly oversized, as though they don't quite fit
him... He seems fearful of something, yet his eyes hold anger and
hatred... His hands don't extend beyond his sleeves, and they're
concealed within, including the handle of the suitcase... His
feet...*

Lumian's pupils dilated as he noticed that the trader wasn't wearing
shoes but rather a pair of gray socks.

This contradicted the sound of leather shoes they had just heard!

*Could it be that the footsteps didn't belong to him but someone
else?* Lumian grew increasingly vigilant.

With limited space remaining in the Albert Mines, he swiftly arrived in
front of the trader.

The man, resembling a starved bear, chuckled and inquired with a hint of
amusement, "Did Gardner Martin send you?

"Was he scared out of his wits after receiving a message from his
companion, who went underground to search for the entrance to the Fourth
Epoch Trier, months after disappearing, claiming to possess an important
item to deliver to him."