---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1744
index: 275
section: vol3
slug: 275
title: Poaching
---

## Chapter 275: Poaching

In the carriage heading back to the market district, Lumian stared out
the window, reflecting on Gardner Martin's actions after completing the
mission.

He felt that the Savoie Mob's boss didn't seem too concerned about the
suitcase they risked their lives for. The boss merely glanced at it
casually and placed it on the desk.

*Was it really some kind of test? The Iron and Blood Cross Order
possesses information about the spine-dangling head and headless
monster. As long as I stick to the prescribed procedure and don't act
independently, they won't really come after me?*

*But the Boss used to be a Conspirer. Perhaps he just wanted us to see
the suitcase, but it might not reveal his true intentions...*

*Regardless, the head-only trader and the headless humanoid monster are
real. What do they symbolize? Can I trust the words of the former? He
disappeared for months searching for the entrance to Fourth Epoch Trier
and experienced terrifying events. His head and body got separated, and
both gained consciousness?*

*When Boss said, "The Demon is our friend, and hell is someone else's,"
it felt like he was warning me not to trust others easily... Did he
mention this because he was satisfied with my performance on the
mission?*

*Has he sent someone to secretly follow and observe us in detail? Or
maybe "Giant" Simon or "Rat" Christo are not as scared as they seem and
one of them is secretly working as a spy for the Boss?*

*Since the Boss didn't keep me here, the "audit" isn't over yet. Could
someone be tailing this carriage and lurking in the shadows?*

*Heh heh, Mr. K and his subordinates love doing this too. It'd be
amusing if they ran into each other...*

In the carriage, "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon, who were using the
Salle de Bal Brise's carriage to return to the market district, grew a
bit uneasy as Lumian remained silent and gazed out of the window.

After five minutes of indescribable silence, Christo forced a smile and
asked, "Ciel, what are you looking at?"

"It's too cramped," Lumian sighed, disregarding the question.

Christo and Simon exchanged glances, thinking that Ciel might be mocking
them for taking up space in the carriage.

After hesitating for a moment, Christo decided to share his intentions.

He lowered his voice and said, "Ciel, I want to use this opportunity to
talk to you. Damn it, I didn't expect Simon to join us!"

"Son of a sow. I was the one who suggested borrowing the carriage in the
first place!" "Giant" Simon retorted.

Ignoring him, Christo continued, "Ciel, this mission has allowed me to
reacquaint myself with you. Apart from Boss, you are the most
intelligent, powerful, and calmest Beyonder around me."

*The calmest? You haven't seen me when I'm impulsive...* Lumian
teased, deliberately provoking.

"Is that so? Am I more intelligent than Brignais and stronger than
Franca?"

"Rat" Christo was at a loss for words. After a few seconds, he said,
"Uh, well... what I mean is, in the future, when the Boss assigns me
secret missions, I want your help to analyze and figure out what to do.
I don't want to be flustered when facing a similar monster next time."

Oh, intel has come knocking on my door? Lumian smiled and replied, "I
don't mind helping, but aren't you afraid the Boss will be angry if he
finds out?"

Christo glanced at Lumian, then at "Giant" Simon beside him, and his
tone turned cold.

"If you keep quiet, and we keep quiet, the Boss won't find out."

Simon's eyelids twitched, and he added, "My thoughts align with Rat's."

He didn't want to die on the next secret mission either.

Lumian pondered for a moment and grinned.

"Alright, I can assist, but I can't guarantee I'll uncover the truth or
find a way to avoid danger based solely on your descriptions. Also, I
might make some small requests."

"No problem!" "Rat" Christo agreed without hesitation.

Today's encounter alone wouldn't have pushed him to this state. He had
just escaped the Mirror People incident, and his nerves were on edge.

"Giant" Simon also expressed his agreement. Then, he looked at Lumian
and cursed himself softly,

He cleared his throat and said, "Ciel, my Big Bro, I apologize. I wasn't
too friendly before, and I even encouraged you to deal with 'Red Boots'
when you were new to the Savoie Mob and knew little about us.

"I'm a rough and unrefined guy. I can't say pleasant words, but I hope
you can accept my apology. In the future, I, Simon, will follow your
lead!"

*Wow, you've grasped the situation so quickly, and you're so humble...
This fellow is quite a talent... *Lumian pretended to be
nonchalant and replied, "I've already forgotten about the past. Besides,
have I targeted you or sought revenge recently?"

With that said, Lumian added inwardly, *Well, it's mostly because I'm
too busy to bother with a mere mob leader like you...*

Simon breathed a sigh of relief, convinced that Ciel wasn't too petty.

Lumian smiled and questioned, "Why do you call me Big Bro? I'm much
younger than you."

Simon smiled sheepishly.

"You're already a Sequence 7. In terms of strength, I should call you
Big Bro."

Lumian couldn't help but jest, "If you stick to addressing someone by
their Sequence, will you have to call me 'Uncle' once I reach Sequence
6?"

Simon hesitated for a moment before clearing his throat.

"If you wish..."

*Damn it, isn't this guy too shameless? Is he like this even when
talking to the Boss privately?* "Rat" Christo turned his head in
surprise and looked at the burly man, who stood more than 1.9 meters
tall, as though this was the first time he had met this giant.

Simon continued, "But I believe I'll reach Sequence 7 before you hit
Sequence 6.

"You must have just become a Pyromaniac. It might take years, even
decades, to fully master the power of flames and withstand the next
potion."

He was implying: "Haha, I was just joking. Perhaps we'll both be
Sequence 7s soon, and you'll still be my Big Bro."

Upon hearing this, Lumian's mind wandered back to the moment he had used
invisible flames to burn Susanna Mattise to death, feeling the potion
digesting a little inside him.

However, he couldn't be sure as he hadn't yet completed the first acting
principle, making the degree of digestion unclear.

Combining past experiences and recent events in the market district,
Lumian sensed that the first acting principle was close to being
revealed, but it always fell short. His thoughts lacked clarity, and he
had a feeling that he needed to wait for the right opportunity.

His mind then shifted to Gardner Martin's possible covert observations
and subsequent tests.

As a result, Lumian decided to postpone his plans to attend Mr. Fool's
bishop's preaching at Lavigny Dock in the square district the day after
tomorrow. He felt it would be better to wait until he passed the test
and officially joined the Iron and Blood Cross Order.

*But what about my psychiatric treatment scheduled for tomorrow
afternoon? Should I still go?*

*I believe my mental state and emotional control have improved over the
past few days, but I'll need the two ladies to confirm it. Yes, they
always use Psychological Invisibility. Madam Justice is a true demigod,
so it's unlikely for Gardner Martin or his subordinates to see her. As a
Hunter, it's normal for me to have an interest in studying plants. After
visiting the botanical garden, I'll have a coffee and take a break. No
one can accuse me of anything...* Lumian made a quick decision
to continue the psychiatric treatment the next day.

However, before heading to Mason's café, he planned to spend two to
three hours exploring the nearby botanical garden.

Once the carriage stopped at Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian went upstairs to
enjoy a cup of coffee while watching "Giant" Simon and "Rat" Christo
leave Avenue du Marché.

Around 4 p.m., he put on a dark wide-brimmed round hat and left the
dance hall. His destination was Franca's place at Rue des Blouses
Blanches to discuss the peculiar mission and Gardner Martin's behavior
in the afternoon.

As Lumian strolled along Avenue du Marché, a sudden thought struck him.

*If Boss is indeed sending someone to watch my actions during this
period, he might think I'm having an affair with Franca if I frequent
her apartment on Rue des Blouses Blanches.*

*But maybe, as a Trierien, he wouldn't mind?*

*Right, there's already a rumor about me having an affair with Jenna.
I'm going to Rue des Blouses Blanches to find Jenna, not Franca. He
won't be suspicious...*

Lumian calmed himself and arrived at 3 Rue des Blouses Blanches. He
knocked on the door of Room 601.

Franca, who was wearing her usual blouse and light-colored pants,
snapped, "Why are you here again?"

At that moment, Lumian noticed peculiar drawings on her face---a turd on
the left side and a dark-green turtle on the right.

"Lost at cards?" Lumian raised an eyebrow.

Franca had mentioned playing cards with Jenna and her dancers, involving
strange punishments without money being at stake.

Franca glanced back and lowered her voice, "Jenna has been in a bad mood
lately. I'm trying to find a way to cheer her up."

Lumian followed her gaze and noticed that Jenna's face was also
decorated with strange drawings---moles and a pig's mouth. The lead
dancer had similar marks.

"In that case, I'll wait for you to finish," Lumian said as he entered
the living room.

Assuming Ciel was there for Jenna, the lead dancer hurriedly got up,
washed her face, and left Apartment 601.

Being in a better mood, Jenna teasingly asked Lumian, "Are you here for
me or Franca?"

*That came out wrong...* Lumian replied honestly, "Boss assigned
me a strange mission, and I want to consult Franca."

Curious, Franca asked, "What mission is it?"

Lumian briefly recounted the noon encounter, including how he managed to
keep "Rat" Christo and "Giant" Simon in check, making them follow his
instructions.

Both Franca and Jenna were scared by the head-only trader and the
headless monster, and they fell into silence for a moment.

After a few seconds, Franca clenched her teeth and said, "Gardner
Martin, that son of a bitch!"

"What's wrong?" Jenna didn't understand why Franca suddenly cursed the
Boss.

Franca explained vaguely, "I suspect this mission is Gardner Martin's
way of testing Ciel. He wants to see if Ciel is fit to enter the core
group.

"Dammit, fucking hell, I've been with him for so long, and he still
doesn't trust me. He doesn't even want to test me!"