---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1753
index: 284
section: vol3
slug: 284
title: Entering the Order
---

## Chapter 284: Entering the Order

Gardner Martin observed the Iron and Blood Cross Order members opposite
him and nodded with satisfaction.

"Aim!"

At this command, Faustino and the others raised their goblets to their
lips.

*Is this what aiming means?* Lumian almost laughed, but the
seriousness of the other Iron and Blood Cross Order members stopped him.

He had grasped the essence of the ritual and had an idea of what would
happen next.

Just then, Gardner Martin issued a new order.

"Fire!"

Almost simultaneously, Parsifal, Black, and the others downed a third of
the red wine in their goblets.

"Fire!"

Gardner Martin called out the word again.

Lumian lifted his head slightly and downed another third of the red
wine.

Gardner Martin followed suit.

He then continued, "Attack!"

The Iron and Blood Cross Order members present finished the remaining
red wine.

Gardner Martin removed the goblet from his mouth with a serious
expression.

"Ground arms!"

As he spoke, he raised the goblet above his eyes, pressed it against his
forehead, and then placed it back on the dining table.

Vincent Lorraine and the others followed suit.

Then, they straightened their backs, slapped their left chests with
their right hands, and shouted together, "War! War! War!"

As they shouted in unison, Lumian felt a subtle shift in the room's
atmosphere, as if it had been filled with enthusiasm, excitement, and
passion.

The atmosphere infected the Iron and Blood Cross Order members,
connecting their hearts and minds, making them feel like true brothers.

Even without being influenced by any abnormality or fanatical thoughts,
Lumian couldn't help but be affected by the environment and atmosphere.
He felt a surge of excitement.

He had previously criticized the initiation ritual of the Iron and Blood
Cross Order for lacking mystique and not living up to the title of a
secret organization. Now, he realized that it was merely different in
quality from the Aurora Order.

Besides, the more mystical part was the vigil at 13 Avenue du Marché.

Gardner Martin gestured with his right hand, prompting Faustino, Albus,
and the others to stop and fall silent.

He smiled once again and said, "Let us welcome our new brother, Lumian
Lee!"

This time, he used Lumian's real name, indicating that the Iron and
Blood Cross Order knew the members' situations very well.

The Iron and Blood Cross Order members, including Supervisor Olson,
applauded one after another. Lumian stood up and poured himself a goblet
of red wine, which he downed in one gulp as a sign of respect.

This fully showcased his characteristics as a regular customer of Ol'
Tavern.

"Very good. We're all brothers. There's no need to stand on ceremony,"
Gardner said as he took a seat. While Faustino distributed plates and
cut bread, Gardner smiled and continued, "I've already explained the
history and philosophy of our Iron and Blood Cross Order. Now, let's
talk about what we want to do."

His smile vanished as he grew more serious.

"The most important thing we've always been working towards is to
overthrow the current government, establish a country ruled by
Beyonders, and transform this world. For this, we've been plotting and
experimenting. We've established multiple branch organizations to
prepare for chaos.

"Specifically, as for me, I'll use companies and mobs to control
dockworkers, construction workers, porters, handymen, and laborers in
the market district. When necessary, I'll let them take to the streets
and use barricades to fight the police and army."

Lumian furrowed his brow and asked in confusion, "Isn't it said that
Beyonders are fundamentally different from ordinary people? Beyonders
are superior to ordinary people. Why make controlling and using workers
a goal?"

He found it ironic that the Iron and Blood Cross Order's philosophy and
actions were completely inconsistent.

Although this could be considered normal---concepts were concepts and
slogans were slogans---and they couldn't be equated to reality, Gardner
Martin could always address these matters at a later time. It didn't
feel right for his words to contradict himself just seconds later.

If he hadn't just joined this secret organization, Lumian's tone would
have been even more mocking.

Gardner Martin grinned.

"Very perceptive. You've noticed a very important problem.

"Before this, only Albus suggested it. Everyone else naturally accepted
it."

Not only is he using ordinary people to create chaos, but he also has
other intentions? Lumian turned his head to glance at Albus, who was
sitting at the edge of the dining table. He realized that the
dark-red-haired young man's posture was rather casual. His right leg was
crossed, and he kept shaking his ankle.

Gardner Martin explained simply, "First, you need to understand
something. Why did those deities establish Churches and spread Their
teachings?

"You probably don't buy the words 'God loves the world.' If They truly
had love, the market district wouldn't be like this, and Intis wouldn't
have so many tramps."

Lumian agreed with this. He nodded slightly and didn't interrupt the
Commanding Officer.

Gardner Martin smiled and said, "We reckon that deities require
believers, and we've proven this over the centuries.

"The more common folk we influence, the greater our resources to strike
fear into the hearts of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church and the Church of
the God of Steam and Machinery. This'll weaken their support for the
current government and boost our chances during the riots.

"Eventually, it'll become a crucial bargaining chip to make them agree
to us, if not outright support us."

"They're all just bargaining chips..." Lumian's eyes flickered.

The people he knew and interacted with were distinct
individuals---unique families.

Gardner Martin let out a sigh.

"If we aim to control more workers and citizens, we need the government
and the National Convention to cooperate with us.

"I've always known what kind of person Hugues Artois is and the forces
behind him, but I still decided to support his bid for parliament. I
knew he'd inevitably create plenty of chaos in the market district.
Being associated with the National Convention and the government, the
worse he performed, the more people would flock to our side.
Unfortunately, this piece of trash was assassinated just a few days
after being elected."

*So, that's why the Savoie Mob supports Hugues Artois... I thought there
was an evil god backing you, and the evil gods all support Hugues
Artois...* Lumian realized.

Without Gardner Martin's personal explanation and a proper understanding
of the Iron and Blood Cross Order's philosophy, Lumian couldn't possibly
fathom the secret organization's true intentions behind supporting
Hugues Artois's candidacy for parliament.

Gardner Martin summarized, "Hence, in the market district, we place
great importance on docks, depots, warehouses, freight companies, and
construction firms. The Savoie Mob's purpose is to interact with various
individuals and gather crucial information, all while contributing to
the organization's funds.

"Naturally, mobs also serve as a vital tool to control ordinary people."

*No wonder he poured so many resources into the Savoie Mob...*
Lumian glanced at the intense "Blood Glove" Black and inwardly mocked
him for being better at acting than himself.

*Haven't you heard the Boss's words countless times? Why are you still
looking so focused?*

*Look at Albus, constantly eating, drinking, and shaking his
leg.*

After Lumian nodded, Gardner Martin took a sip of red wine and said,
"One more thing we're doing is exploring the underground to find the
entrance to Fourth Epoch Trier."

Lumian couldn't help but glance at the silent Supervisor Olson.

The lanky man, looking like a hungry bear, was slicing a medium-rare
steak and devouring the juicy meat.

Lumian's eyes scanned Olson's neck several times, but there were no
signs of sutures.

*Could it be that the state of having only his head and spine is just an
illusion created by some power?* Lumian wondered to himself.

However, this was in line with the legend of Bansy Harbor!

*Either Olson has a deep understanding of the unforeseen events in Bansy
Harbor, or he encountered similar monsters elsewhere...*

*Even if it's an illusion, it can't be something he imagined. It must be
based on his experience and knowledge...*

*Madam Magician said most of his words were likely true. She even
suspected that he disappeared for a few months because he entered Fourth
Epoch Trier...*

*Where did he encounter a monster with only its head and spine?*

*If he already entered Fourth Epoch Trier, why is Gardner Martin still
searching for the entrance? Is Madam Magician's suspicion off?*
Lumian's thoughts raced as he made a series of guesses.

Looking at Gardner Martin, he asked in confusion, "Why search for Fourth
Epoch Trier's entrance?"

Gardner Martin grinned.

"To other Beyonders, it's hell, an abyss. It's a calamity they can't
approach, but to Hunters, it represents a massive treasure trove.

"And our Iron and Blood Cross Order is dominated by Beyonders of the
Hunter pathway."

"A treasure trove?" Lumian thought of the Tree of Shadow and the
invisible sea of flames that could incinerate a portion of the tree
roots.

Gardner Martin continued, speaking solemnly, "I don't know how much you
know about the history of the Fourth Epoch, but I can tell you that in
that era, deities once walked the earth, and Angels often appeared. It
was known as the Age of the Gods.

"In the Northern Continent, there were three powerful countries during
the Age of the Gods, and one of them was the Tudor Empire. Its capital,
Trier, had sunk underground.

"The Tudor Empire's Emperor, Alista Tudor, was known as the Blood
Emperor. He was a true deity who controlled the Hunter pathway!

"He perished in a battle of gods. His remains are in Fourth Epoch
Trier!"

*Blood Emperor Tudor's remains?* Lumian instantly recalled some
of the contents of Aurore's grimoires. Aurore didn't delve deeply into
the history of the Fourth Epoch, only having a rough understanding. She
mentioned the Solomon Empire, the Trunsoest Empire, and the Tudor
Empire. She also mentioned titles like the Blood Emperor, the Night
Emperor, the Emperor of the Underworld, the Black Emperor, and the War
of the Four Emperors.

According to Aurore's description, the Blood Emperor was as powerful as
a deity.