---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1779
index: 310
section: vol3
slug: 310
title: Encounter
---

## Chapter 310: Encounter

"How did he go missing?" Lumian asked, puzzled.

Baron Brignais wasn't just a mob leader; he was a Beyonder, too. As long
as he was attentive, how could he allow his child to disappear?

Moreover, who in the market district would dare to snatch his child?

Sarkota shook his head. "He didn't provide details."

*Could it be the machinations of the Rose School of Thought, striving to
expose the truth about the Savoie Mob from Baron Brignais?* With
recent events woven into the mix, Lumian had some unconfirmed theories.

After a brief pause of thought, he inquired, "Do you know what
Brignais's illegitimate son looks like?"

Sarkota nodded. "The baron's underlings came by with a portrait that
resembles a photograph."

*A portrait that resembles a photograph... Had he invoked ritualistic
magic?* Lumian's memory recalled the contents of Aurore's
grimoires.

Gazing at the brilliant sunlight streaming through the window, he turned
to Sarkota.

"Gather some men and aid Brignais."

Regardless of whether the child was ensnared by the Rose School of
Thought or had truly gone missing, if they couldn't locate him soon, the
outcome would be grim.

At his age, even without additional complications, his fate as a street
urchin wouldn't be kind.

"Understood." Sarkota refrained from inquiring why his boss had decided
to lend a hand to Baron Brignais.

After all, it wasn't yet noon, and Salle de Bal Brise had just commenced
operations. The real hustle and bustle didn't kick in until three or
four in the afternoon. Apart from the janitors and kitchen staff, most
folks had time aplenty.

Lumian ordered a glass of ice water topped with kilju and stood on the
café's balcony, observing the mobsters interrogating vagrants along
Avenue du Marché.

After a while, "Rat" Christo appeared. The diminutive smuggling chief
emerged from an alley, trailed by seven or eight dogs of varying hues
and breeds, and entered the diagonally opposite alley.

Before long, he drew nearer to Salle de Bal Brise.

At this sight, Lumian finished the remaining kilju, placed the glass on
the railing, and leaped from the second floor to the street.

Christo, his two rat-like whiskers wiggling, approached with a
sycophantic grin.

"Good morning, Ciel."

"Are you aiding Brignais in locating his illegitimate son?" Lumian
inquired directly.

Christo nodded gently. "Indeed. He personally reached out to me for
assistance. Coincidentally, these kids excel at tracking down people."

As the "Rat" spoke, he affectionately patted the dogs' heads.

They alternated between gathering and dispersing, following a distinct
scent.

*Baron Brignais truly cares for that illegitimate son...* Lumian
advised "Rat" Christo with a pensive air, "There might be something
peculiar about this situation. Stay vigilant. I don't want you to go
missing before finding the boy."

The Rose School of Thought being responsible for abducting the boy was
always one of the possibilities.

Christo was taken aback, pondered for a moment, and remarked, "There's
indeed something amiss. In recent years, we've never heard of Brignais
having such a son. Moreover, he holds him in high regard. Why would the
boy vanish?"

A sudden appearance of an illegitimate child? Lumian's intuition
suggested this might be more intricate than he presumed.

After contemplating briefly, Christo gratefully said, "Ciel, your
intellect surpasses mine."

"Don't you possess medicine to enhance your mind?" Lumian inquired, half
jesting and half curious.

As Christo allowed the dogs to nuzzle his trousers, he sheepishly smiled
and replied, "Indeed, but they're short-term solutions. Their effects
are middling, nowhere near the potency of a potion. Damn it, excessive
consumption can lead to complications."

Lumian shifted the conversation, asking, "Do you possess authentic mummy
ashes?"

Christo assumed an enigmatic expression.

"How much do you require? I can provide you with the best version. That
'Little Minx' Jenna often frequents Franca. She's a tricky one. Just
days ago, Franca inquired if I had genuine mummy ashes. Tsk, even the
Boss is having trouble."

Ciel also had numerous dancers and actresses as mistresses. Despite his
youth, he still relied on medicine.

"I mean true mummy ashes." Lumian stroked his chin.

"I don't." Christo shook his head. "That stuff is ineffective, and I
don't know who propagated the falsehood, but I do have a concoction that
can satisfy all your paramours. It's composed of various herbs; I merely
claim mummy ashes as the primary ingredient."

"Did Franca buy it?" Lumian inquired with a grin.

"She did." Christo cooperatively chuckled. "Probably because the Boss is
too embarrassed to approach me."

*Her facade was impeccable. She concealed her true desires from the
"Rat," seeking the so-called "ineffective" mummy ashes...*
Lumian sighed and confessed openly, "I need genuine mummy ashes. They
possess mystical uses. Keep an eye out since you often engage with
merchants trading in alchemical materials."

"No problem." Christo suspected that Ciel aimed to preserve his dignity
and wouldn't acknowledge his quest for such a remedy. He insisted on
mysticism as a pretext for seeking mummy ashes but didn't expose him.
After all, it was a minor matter.

Observing Christo's persistent search for Baron Brignais's missing
illegitimate son with his dogs, Lumian turned on his heel and made his
way back to the dance hall.

As he was about to approach the bar counter, Termiboros's commanding
voice reverberated in his ears: *"To the cellar."*

*To the cellar...* Lumian's initial thought was that the
Inevitability Angel had something planned.

"Which cellar?" he inquired.

*"The one used to store ingredients,"* replied Termiboros.

*So proactive, so eager... What's He plotting?* Lumian began to
wonder if there was an underlying scheme at play.

Termiboros continued, *"It's a stroke of fate for you. Even if you don't
go, it will find its way to you. It's destined."*

*You're giving me chills... Termiboros won't likely put me in immediate
danger right now... What could be in that cellar...* Lumian
contemplated briefly and reckoned that the ingredient storage cellar was
usually bustling around noon. In theory, there shouldn't be anything
unusual or perilous.

After careful consideration, he decided to head to the cellar, listen at
the door, and take a look. If he sensed anything awry, he would write to
Madam Magician and inquire if he should heed Termiboros's advice and
enter.

Amidst the greetings of the chefs, kitchen helpers, handymen, and
dishwashing maids, Lumian crossed through the kitchen and descended the
stairs to the ingredient storage cellar.

The cellar's dark-brown wooden door was securely shut, as usual.

Lumian strained his ears, intently listening for any signs of activity.

A faint chewing sound reached his ears.

It wasn't a dramatic sound, devoid of the horrifying notion of a
creature devouring flesh. Rather, it resembled a tramp gnawing on food
after a long bout of hunger.

*Something's definitely amiss...* Lumian cautiously pushed open
the cellar door.

The light from the stairs seeped in, revealing a figure.

It was a boy of seven or eight, his back to Lumian. He had short yellow
hair, a caramel coat, white stockings, and black strapless leather
shoes. Behind him lay a dark-red school bag that seemed somewhat weighty
and sturdy.

Lumian found the attire oddly familiar.

Suddenly, he recalled where he'd seen it before.

Baron Brignais's illegitimate son!

So, his disappearance led him to hiding in the ingredient cellar of
Salle de Bal Brise? Lumian had intended to take a quick glance before
shutting the door and leaving to pen a letter to Madam Magician at
Auberge du Coq Doré. Yet, upon realizing that the person in the cellar
was likely Baron Brignais's illegitimate son, he furrowed his brow
slightly and swung open the dark brown wooden door a bit more.

Additional light streamed in, causing the boy to instinctively turn and
face the door.

Lumian caught sight of the brass buttons on his clothes, a
black-and-white checkered shirt, and a linen coat. He saw a face with
evident baby fat, unperturbed but vacant brown eyes, and a mouth smeared
with blood.

The boy clutched a few raw steaks tinged with a dark-red hue in his
hand. His mouth kept opening and closing as he chewed on a vague mass of
flesh resembling a rat. Its thin black tail gently swayed near his lips.

Lumian narrowed his eyes and slipped his left hand into his pocket.

The boy remained unperturbed, his gaze vacant as he continued staring at
Lumian. He chewed a few more times before swallowing the bloody rat,
tail and all.

Lumian arched an eyebrow and asked, "Are you Brignais's illegitimate
son?"

"No," the boy mumbled, nibbling at a piece of raw steak.

"Then what's your connection?" Lumian queried in a "peaceful" manner.

After a while of eating raw steak, the boy answered, "He's my godfather
and guardian in Trier."

Remarkably precise Intisian, hardly any accent... Lumian regarded the
peculiar boy with puzzlement and probed, "Are you running away from
home?"

"Yes," the boy replied, blood staining his mouth as he continued
nibbling on the raw steak.

Behind him stretched a thick darkness, enveloped by the dim light from
the corridor.

"Why did you flee from your godfather? Do you need me to help you
return?" Lumian asked, offering a friendly smile, noticing that the
other party was more amicable in conversation.

The boy shook his head vigorously.

"No! I don't want to go back to attending classes, studying, doing
homework, taking practice tests, and sitting for exams!"

*Wh---* The boy's reasoning left Lumian oddly bewildered, as if
he had glimpsed his own past.

He was intelligent and had no trouble attending classes, reading, or
taking exams. He absorbed knowledge swiftly, but he disliked homework or
practice tests. He relied on Aurore's "heartfelt education" to barely
persevere. He often wished he could rope in Reimund, Ava, and his
friends to do those tasks for him.

Is this rat-chewing enigma the fateful encounter Termiboros alluded to?
Lumian pondered and inquired, "You don't seem to be from Intis?"

With an honest demeanor and a bloodied mouth, the boy responded, "I'm
from Lenburg."