---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1810
index: 339
section: vol3
slug: 339
title: Purpose of Visit
---

## Chapter 339: Purpose of Visit

Hela continued in her cold voice, "Don't worry, there's no reason to
fret. Our Research Society operates rather informally. Except for a
handful of members who maintain close private communication, the rest
only convene two to four times a year, all while in disguise.

"Your sister behaves quite relaxed at these gatherings. Her interactions
would resemble her usual demeanor with you. However, she'll take care to
guard her genuine information. You can certainly play the part.

"And many of the coded terms and expressions we employ for communication
are familiar to you. Given your relationship with your sister, she won't
intentionally keep them from you or abstain from using them."

"Understood." Lumian's mood suddenly soured. "She'll also explain the
exact significance to me and attribute it to a philosopher from back
home or even Emperor Roselle."

Upon hearing this, Hela responded, "If you truly possess the potential
to masquerade as Muggle and engage with the Research Society members,
there's no need to forcibly cite philosophers from back home. Simply
allude to the latter portion of the content."

"Then, should I incorporate 'Emperor Roselle once said'?" Lumian
deliberated the specifics earnestly.

He lacked a key item and couldn't authentically impersonate Aurore. And
even though the Niese Face was primarily an illusion, it could be
instantly deciphered by Beyonders equipped with the corresponding
abilities---whether the other party held a rank as low as Sequence 9
Mystery Pryer, they'd discern his non-female identity at a glance. Yet,
he remained determined to give his utmost. Who knew if a chance for
Transfiguration with diminished negative effects would arise in the
future?

Regarding mystic makeup achieved through the use of the Mystery Prying
Glasses, it wouldn't provide psychological suggestions, given that
attendees concealed their faces at the gathering. Furthermore, it
couldn't alter his gender.

Hela lapsed into silence, her facial muscles twitching subtly.

"In the event that you're presented with an opportunity to enact such a
role, make sure to avoid these mentions. You might not possess precise
discernment about when such references are suitable.

"Just keep in mind, other members frequently employ the phrase 'Emperor
Roselle once said' to liven the mood or offer amusement."

*Why does it feel like Emperor Roselle's image in the Curly-Haired
Baboons Research Society isn't too favorable... It's not that it's
unfavorable. Instead, it assumes a comedic quality... Speaking of which,
Aurore appears to do the same. Whenever her spirits dip, as long as I
deliberately reference Emperor Roselle's words, she tends to loosen up
and finds herself chuckling involuntarily...* Lumian struggled
to fully grasp the rationale of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society members, but he refrained from further probing, recognizing the
necessity to feign ignorance concerning their most profound secret.

If the opportunity arose, he intended to seek Franca's insights on the
matter.

Hela continued, "While participating in the gathering, keep in mind to
listen more than you speak. If you lack confidence, avoid delving into
profound discussions. Should others delve into the past, if possible,
shift the focus and maintain a patronizing tone. Emulating Muggle's
traits and characteristics will aid in effectively acting as her."

Lumian pondered for a moment.

"This guise, however, remains merely a surface-level ruse. Your Research
Society houses Beyonders adept in divination and possessing keen
intuition. They could readily discern that I'm not my sister."

"No, quite the contrary. They might prove you to be the genuine Muggle,"
Hela furnished an unforeseen response to Lumian's expectation.

In the midst of his unveiled astonishment, Hela expounded, "To begin
with, most of us remain unaware of the realities of our fellow members,
impeding our capacity for efficacious divination or prophecy.

"Additionally, with my understanding of your sister, I employed an
artifact to divine her state. Yet, I couldn't ascertain her life or
death status. It was akin to confronting a formidable anti-divination
barrier."

*Wh---* Lumian was caught off guard before grasping the
underlying rationale.

As per Madam Magician, Aurore hadn't entirely died. A possibility of
revival persisted, her soul shard sealed by Mr. Fool, thereby rendering
conventional divination unable to circumvent the seal and ascertain
Aurore's genuine condition. A potent anti-divination effect was at play.

Hela took another sip of her triple shot Reem espresso.

"Most crucially, subsequent to our meeting today, my spiritual intuition
tells me that when I confront you, divination or prophecy regarding
Aurore will point toward you."

*What?* Lumian nearly blurted out the question.

Before long, he cast his gaze downwards to his left chest and offered a
wry smile.

"Perhaps this stems from the fact that a fragment of my sister's soul
has been specially preserved within me."

Lumian let out a long sigh.

"What a pity..."

Post Hela's analysis, he harbored the conviction that he could
seamlessly stand in for his sister within the folds of the Curly-Haired
Baboons Research Society without incurring exposure.

He yearned to do so. This way, he could not only aid Franca in her
operation but also safeguard her from solitary risks. Together, they
could operate---one in plain sight, the other in the shadows---ensnaring
their adversary in a carefully orchestrated trap.

Simultaneously, Lumian recognized the potential of utilizing the
society's gatherings to gather invaluable information about Aurore.

Regrettably, his one hindrance was his lack of Transfiguration
abilities. The power to alter his gender, stature, or physique eluded
him.

A brief silence hung in the air before Hela reiterated her commitment to
investigating the April Fool's predicament.

Following that, she spoke candidly, "I've come to Trier this time to
delve deeper past the catacombs. Do you have any information about that
place?"

*Deeper into the catacombs?* Lumian's heart skipped a beat as he
took the initiative to remind her, "It's very dangerous there."

Madame Hela's guidance from her letters and prior suggestion had been
invaluable. With deep appreciation, he recounted his grasp of the
catacombs and the bizarre phenomena he had borne witness to. Finally, he
said, "For some inexplicable reason, I alone retain memories of the
ill-fated couple. The rest feign ignorance, as though they never
existed. True, Kendall, the administrator of the tomb, ought to have
sensed it as well, yet he feigned ignorance."

Hela listened in quiet contemplation. Without astonishment or
consternation, she inquired, "Have you heard of the Samaritan Women's
Spring?"

"I have, though from the mouth of a charlatan..." Lumian mused, his brow
furrowing as he tried to recall Osta Trul's narrative. "He claimed that
the Samaritan Women's Spring on the upper level of the catacombs is a
sham. Just a puddle left behind due to a construction error back then.
The administrators spun it into a legend. But deep in the underground
world, within an ancient tomb, there lies the real Fountain of
Oblivion."

Hela refrained from commenting on Lumian's account and simply nodded.

"Thank you."

With her gratitude expressed, she downed the last of her three-shot
espresso, rose from her seat, and made her way toward the café's exit.

As she rose from her seat, the heavy silence was shattered, and the
sunlight once again flooded the area with its radiance.

Lumian remained seated a while longer, savoring the last sips of his
Macael coffee. Afterwards, he strode along Rue Ancienne, his destination
being Place du Purgatoire. There, he planned to catch a public carriage
back to the market district.

Passing by Salle de Bal Unique and the Alone Bar, a sudden, crystalline
tinkle reached Lumian's ears.

His heart skipped a beat, and he swiftly turned around. He saw a figure
he knew well, who had just entered the newly opened Alone Bar.

Draped in a delicate, pale-white fishnet dress, the figure sported a
small, circular hat adorned with silk flowers. Two dainty silver bells
dangled from the intricate hair buns, complementing the similar
accessories on the figure's dark-hued boots.

*Leah... Bureau 8's Leah...* Lumian recognized the person as
Leah, the official investigator who had entered his dream.

Once affiliated with Bureau 8's Riston Province branch, she had now
appeared in Trier and entered the somewhat peculiar Alone Bar.

*Salle de Bal Unique is perilous. Could the Alone Bar be used by Bureau
8 to monitor the opposing stronghold?* After retracting his
gaze, Lumian continued forward as if nothing had happened.

*†*

Returning to Salle de Bal Brise, Lumian found himself summoned to 11 Rue
des Fontaines in Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative by Gardner
Martin, just when he was hoping for some rest.

Inside a room adorned with bookshelves, Gardner Martin, donned in a
light-colored shirt and dark trousers, greeted him with an energetic
smile.

"Franca mentioned that your vengeance is complete?"

Lumian detected an odd thrill emanating from the Boss, as if he had
indulged in immense pleasure and hadn't fully calmed down.

He responded candidly, "Yes, I've already killed Guillaume Bénet.
Thankfully, Red Boots, Jenna, and Anthony Reid, the information broker I
hired, assisted me."

He spared no details about the participants---there was no use
concealing anything. They relied on "Rat" Christo and his pets to
communicate, after all.

Gardner Martin nodded slightly and commented, "You've exceeded my
expectations in terms of efficiency. Franca didn't delve into the
specifics. Can you give me an overview of the overall situation?"

Lumian held nothing back when it came to the Sinners organization. He
elucidated Guillaume Bénet's various abilities, detailing their specific
impacts.

Gardner Martin listened intently and asked in thought, "What do you
reckon is Guillaume Bénet's strength equivalent to in Sequence?"

Lumian replied without hesitation, "Sequence 5."

A brief pause ensued as Gardner Martin fell into contemplative silence
before he uttered, "I've summoned you for a purpose, a mission."

"What mission?" Lumian didn't hide his curiosity.

Gardner Martin's smile reappeared.

"It's quite straightforward. Make your way to the Mechanical Café in
Quartier de l'Opéra and establish contact with a literary and arts group
named 'Black Cat.'"

"I lack any artistic inclination," Lumian honestly admitted.

Gardner Martin smiled and said, "No artistic inclination is necessary.
Your primary role will involve sponsoring and befriending one of the
members of Black Cat.

"His ancestor boasted an aristocratic title of a count, a fact he's
quite fond of calling himself that.

"Right, his name is Poufer Sauron."