---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1841
index: 370
section: vol3
slug: 370
title: Sending Off
---

## Chapter 370: Sending Off

A chilling scream, filled with terror, reverberated through the living
room, causing the hearts of every guest to race with fear.

Painter Mullen was very sensitive to this. His pale-white complexion
exchanged a concerned look with Count Poufer.

"What happened?"

Count Poufer furrowed his brow, puzzled by the sudden disturbance.

Upon hearing Mullen's question, he snapped back to attention and
casually reassured everyone,

"It seems there may have been an accident. I'll have a servant find out
the details. Don't worry, it won't disrupt our gathering. What could
possibly go wrong?"

With that, Count Poufer signaled to his valet, positioned discreetly in
a corner of the living room, to investigate the source of the scream.

Then, he addressed the assembled guests, saying, "Please, let's
continue."

As he spoke, the Sauron family member directed his gaze towards Lumian.

Ever since presenting the gold bars, he had been closely watching
Emperor Lumian, analyzing every subtle movement and expression. He was
determined to unravel the mystery of how Lumian had chosen the King's
Pie slice with the gold coin and not him.

Lumian fought to keep his composure in the face of the madness that
seemed to consume him and turned his gaze towards Painter Mullen.

"Create a piece of art using your buttocks."

In his role as Cordu's Prankster King, Lumian had an array of tasks in
his arsenal to assign to each participant in the game, ensuring that
none of them would forget their missions.

Yet, Lumian's main concern wasn't the playful antics but the malevolent
presence that loomed over the sofas.

This sinister entity refused to dissipate, even after failing to
infiltrate Lumian. It hovered in the air, exuding an impatient,
bloodthirsty, and irritable aura.

Lumian suspected a connection between the earlier scream and this
ominous mental vortex.

The handsome yet pallid and weary painter, Mullen, stood in bewildered
silence, grappling with this bizarre request. Painting with one's
buttocks was entirely uncharted territory.

Novelist Anori and the others, having readily accepted their own
missions, not only cheered with enthusiasm but also summoned the
servants to bring paint and drawing paper. They even "assisted" Mullen
by loosening his belt.

With no escape, Mullen reluctantly covered his posterior with paint and
made a few awkward imprints on the drawing paper. The result resembled a
child's crude doodle.

Observing this spectacle, Novelist Anori was struck by an idea.

"Why don't we frame it and send it to art critics? Let's see their
reaction to such a unique creation."

"The painting's signature is the word 'The Emperor.' For the title...
Right, Mullen, any suggestions?"

Mullen, avoiding the crowd, cleaned himself up and contemplated for a
moment before responding, "Let's call it 'Café.'"

Curious, Cornell, the editor-in-chief of Le Petit Trierien, asked, "What
does it signify?"

Mullen shook his head as he discarded the paint-stained handkerchief and
soft paper, pulling up his pants. "It doesn't signify anything. This
painting was meaningless from the start."

As they discussed, Count Poufer's valet returned to the living room and
whispered something into the host's ear.

Influenced by the unsettling aura of the Blood Emperor's madness, Lumian
struggled to make out the words despite his best efforts, catching only
fragments.

"Lost... harm... danger..."

Count Poufer's expression darkened, a hint of seriousness creeping in.

He nodded subtly, signaling for his valet to return to his previous
position, maintaining an air of nonchalance.

Observing Count Poufer's reaction, Lumian racked his brain, searching
for a way to dispel the malevolent spirit.

*I can't wait for everyone to complete their missions, can I? No,
there's one crucial step missing. At the end of the previous King's Pie
game, Count Poufer had consumed the King's Pie slice meant for Vermonda
Sauron...*

With this thought in mind, Lumian fixed his gaze on the untouched
offering that remained on the plate. Leaning forward, he extended his
right hand and claimed it.

Count Poufer had no doubts about this.

From his perspective, it would be suspicious if Lumian didn't retrieve
the offering!

Almost simultaneously, the frenzied entity, radiating negativity,
reacted vehemently, positioning itself directly above Lumian's head.

It emitted waves of negative emotions, as though cursing the audacious
human who dared to partake in its offering.

Lumian sensed anger, hatred, and an insatiable desire to rend his soul
asunder.

Yet, he remained unfazed and even smiled.

This reaction confirmed that he had made the correct choice!

Had the agitated spirit not responded so vehemently to his appropriation
of the offering, Lumian would have remained clueless about how to banish
it from lingering above everyone's heads.

This wasn't a guarantee of success, and it might entail danger, but it
was a preferable alternative to the participants of the King's Pie game
growing increasingly agitated and bloodthirsty, ultimately turning on
each other.

When the moment was right, Lumian could still "teleport" away. As for
the others, barring Count Poufer, their chances of survival were slim.

Naturally, he couldn't predict whether there would be unforeseen changes
or new threats after consuming the offering, but in this dire situation,
it was better than nothing.

For the participants in the King's Pie game, Lumian's intervention was
their only hope. Without his actions, their demise was certain. With
them, there was a fighting chance.

Lumian raised the sacrificial King's Pie to his lips and took a
substantial bite.

The frenzied spirit grew even angrier and more violent.

It no longer hovered above the others but remained directly above
Lumian's head. At times, it seemed poised to descend upon him, while at
others, it attempted to tear into its target. However, it was thwarted
by Alista Tudor's aura, instinctively holding back from further
aggression.

Another scream resounded.

It came from somewhere in Red Swan Castle---originating from a different
person than the previous one.

A moment ago, it had been a man, but now, it was a woman.

Count Poufer's eyelids twitched, and he smiled.

"It seems the servant responsible for cleaning up the earlier mishap
must have stumbled upon some rather terrifying sights."

Literary critic Ernst Young and the other guests readily accepted this
explanation.

As guests, they lacked the authority to pry into the castle's internal
affairs. Moreover, they had gradually become engrossed in the King's Pie
game, growing a tad fanatical, impatient, and preoccupied, diverting
their focus away from other occurrences within the castle.

Lumian relished the King's Pie offering, savoring the intangible anger
and curse like a melodious symphony playing in his ears.

Compared to the horrifying ravings he endured whenever he received a
boon, this was akin to the beautiful performance of an orchestra.

Unable to vocalize itself and hesitant to invade his body, the frenzied
spirit could only indirectly influence his emotions and mental state.

During this process, Lumian turned his attention to assigning missions
to various individuals, noting that the participants were fully immersed
in the game, their gazes fixed on it.

Periodically, another scream would punctuate the air, sending shivers
down the spine.

Finally, Lumian finished the offering, and the frenzied spirit hovering
above him abruptly halted.

In the next instant, it vanished mysteriously, dissipating into thin
air.

While the participants of the King's Pie game still appeared fanatical,
their irritability and agitation had considerably waned.

Lumian let out a quiet sigh of relief and turned to Elros, seated beside
him.

"Let's see you do the Twist. If you're not sure how, ask someone to show
you."

In contrast to the risqué Can-can dance, which was already laden with
suggestive undertones, the Twist seemed relatively innocent as long as
it wasn't a male-female dance. However, it had a comical appearance.

Elros complied, rising from her seat and attempting the Twist with a
hint of awkwardness.

Amidst the laughter of those present, Lumian continued to assign
missions to the remaining participants.

After all the participants had completed their assigned missions, Lumian
straightened up and assumed an air of superiority as he delivered his
final instruction.

"Last mission:

"Keep everything that happened today a secret. You must not divulge
anything about today's game to anyone."

"Yes, Your Majesty!" Elros and Laurent, still caught up in the game's
ambiance, responded in unison, their expressions displaying utmost
respect.

This compliance was partly due to the lingering presence of the Blood
Emperor's aura that still clung to Lumian.

Observing the instinctive obedience of each participant, Lumian let out
a contented sigh and offered a warm smile.

"That concludes today's game."

Count Poufer rose from his seat and gestured with a smile.

"Let's proceed to the dining room."

As they moved from the living room to the dining room, they had to pass
through the castle's main hall. Lumian, who had returned to his usual
self, noticed out of the corner of his eye that a few valets and maids
were diligently at work near the corridor.

They were using mops to clean up a reddish puddle.

*Red...* Lumian's eyelids twitched as he swiftly averted his
gaze.

Following dinner, the guests bid their farewells one by one. Lumian
sought out Count Poufer and retrieved the five heavy gold bars with a
smile.

Count Poufer shook his head.

"Since I proposed the game, I must adhere to its rules. Do you think so
little of me, believing I can't do without the 30,000 verl d'or?"

"It's simply a gesture of courtesy," Lumian responded with a smile. He
didn't insist and smoothly returned the gold bars to his pocket.

According to their arrangement, Lumian arranged for the poet, Iraeta, to
join him in his four-wheeled, four-seater carriage. Using the pretext of
having limited funds on hand, he handed Iraeta only 3,000 verl d'or.

Iraeta didn't seem to mind at all. He stashed away the banknotes and
engaged in a conversation about his artistic preferences.

As the carriage began its journey, Lumian inquired, "Which district are
you heading to?"

"Just take me to the Sacred Heart Cloister," Iraeta replied with a grin.
"I'm meeting a friend there. Sponsored poets always find friends to
share a drink with."

*Sacred Heart Cloister...* Lumian nodded slightly and instructed
the carriage driver accordingly.

Before long, the carriage arrived at the picturesque cloister. Even in
the darkness of night, the golden façade of the building reflected the
crimson moonlight, creating a surreal and dreamlike atmosphere.

After watching Iraeta enter the cloister, Lumian directed the carriage
driver to head back to Rue des Fontaines in Quartier de la Cathédrale
Commémorative.

As the carriage rattled along, leaving behind the woods and fertile
fields,

Lumian suddenly heard the resonant voice of Termiboros.

*"A dangerous creature is tailing you; it has been since Red Swan
Castle. It brims with hostility and is preparing to strike."*

*Dangerous creature...* Lumian narrowed his eyes, calmly opened
the carriage door, and effortlessly leaped out.

Facing the carriage driver, he spoke with the remaining authority of an
Emperor, "Wait for me in the nearby town."

The carriage driver hesitated for a moment before complying with the
order.

As Lumian watched the carriage and its driver disappear into the
distance, he calmly retrieved the Flog boxing gloves from his briefcase
and methodically donned the iron-black gloves.

The nearby forest seemed to darken, and the river that flowed through it
took on an eerie blood-red hue.