---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1846
index: 375
section: vol3
slug: 375
title: Gathering Venue
---

## Chapter 375: Gathering Venue

*It's finally here...* Lumian exhaled, folded the letter, and
left Auberge du Coq Doré.

He didn't need to look for Franca. They had discussed the gathering many
times before, so there was no need to waste time confirming it.

Lumian made his way to the new safe house on Rue du Rossignol and tossed
the satchel containing the Flog boxing gloves onto the bed.

He hadn't prepared an additional iron cabinet. With a few traps hidden
in the room, regular thieves couldn't approach the core area. Forcing
their way in would only cost them their lives. An iron cabinet wouldn't
stop exceptional thieves anyway.

When the time was right, Lumian donned a hooded black robe that bore a
striking resemblance to the attire worn by Warlocks, all according to
Madame Hela and Franca's descriptions of his sister's appearance at
these gatherings.

Then, he pulled out Lie and transformed it into a simple yet exquisite
silver-white earring. He secured it onto his right earlobe.

Gazing into the full-length mirror, Lumian maintained a calm demeanor as
he observed a sudden transformation of him growing shorter. His hair
morphed into a luxuriant shade of pure gold, growing thick and cascading
down his back.

His facial features underwent a metamorphosis, mirroring those etched in
his memories of Aurore. His nose bridge, now elevated and delicate,
complemented his lips, neither too full nor too thin, painted in a
subtle shade of red. His eyes, light-blue and clear, emitted a faint but
captivating luminescence.

In the past, Lumian had always perceived his sister as a paradox, her
inner self contrasting sharply with her outward appearance. She exuded
an aura of sunshine, cheerfulness, and open-mindedness, yet in reality,
she was a homebody, reluctant to venture out for social interactions.
Only those who had truly earned her trust were privileged to witness her
relaxed demeanor, the quirky phrases she often uttered, and her playful
and bullying side.

On the contrary, Aurore displayed no apprehension when stepping out into
the world. Much like Lumian, she possessed the natural ability to
connect with the elderly ladies of Cordu and regale the children with
captivating stories, earning their affection.

Ever since Lumian had learned about his sister's true background, he had
come to comprehend the stark divergence between Aurore's inner self and
her external appearance and demeanor. Certainly, many people grappled
with such contradictions, but Aurore's unique circumstances had
magnified this incongruity.

Lately, Lumian often found himself pondering what his sister had been
like and the kind of life she had led.

As he stared into the mirror, Aurore's light-blue eyes seemed to take on
a misty quality, as if she too were lost in reminiscences of days gone
by.

Lumian still held vivid memories of the first time his sister had
mentioned her homeland. It happened during his second year in Cordu.

Back then, when the shepherds had returned to the highland pastures,
Aurore had taken him to pat the newly born lambs and, "cruelly" bought
their loved ones. They ventured into the green pastures adorned with
white and yellow wildflowers, carefully selecting a spot that wouldn't
disturb the serene surroundings. They then set up a charcoal grill for a
picnic.

As night descended upon them, and the starry heavens unveiled themselves
like a boundless river of glistening diamonds, Aurore suddenly drifted
into a reverie, her fingers brushing away tears.

Lumian inquired about her thoughts, and she confessed to a profound
sense of homesickness.

Aurore's gaze in the mirror seemed to lose focus, mirroring the soft,
yellowish-blue glow of the carbide lamp.

The mountain village nestled beside those vibrant green pastures under
the radiant sun---it was a place they could never return to.

After a while, Lumian opened the pocket watch he had borrowed from Salle
de Bal Brise, confirming the time.

Then, he donned a sleek silver-white half-mask, revealing his finely
sculpted lips and chiseled chin to the world.

Without delay, Lumian retrieved a piece of paper adorned with the
ancient Feysac script and affixed it securely to his left breast,
displaying the word "Muggle."

As Franca had explained, the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society
boasted a sizable membership, each member donning unique disguises
during their gatherings. Without the corresponding code names,
distinguishing one from another would be an insurmountable task, save
for those closely acquainted with each other.

Despite hailing from the same world, the society's members hailed from
diverse homelands, each with their distinct languages. Upon their
transmigration to this world, they found themselves scattered across
different countries, inevitably erecting language barriers. Initially,
they relied on the linguistic prowess of fellow members who were
polyglots. However, over time, they gravitated towards adopting ancient
Feysac, the common tongue of the Northern Continent, as their shared
language.

For Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society members residing in different
nations, ancient Feysac bore striking similarities to their mother
tongues, easing its acquisition and mastery.

Naturally, there were exceptions among the society's ranks---those whose
native languages diverged significantly from ancient Feysac---but they
were a minority. They had to follow the majority, knowing that, until
they mastered the language, someone would always be there to translate
for them.

Lumian had already laid a strong foundation in ancient Feysac. Ever
since his arrival in Trier, he had diligently immersed himself in
Aurore's grimoires, plunging deeper into this linguistic realm. Basic
communication posed no challenge for him any longer.

Approaching 10 p.m., Lumian made final adjustments to his appearance in
front of the full-length mirror, ensuring everything was in its rightful
place. He concealed an assortment of ritual components and the alcohol
flask containing the Decency brooch within the concealed pocket of his
Warlock-like black robe.

With Madame Hela's letter clutched firmly in his hand, Lumian began the
recitation for the Hermes gathering.

"A Beyonder from ancient times, Ruler of the Nation of the Evernight,
noble Mother of the Sky, I beseech your permission to enter your
kingdom."

As the words escaped Lumian's lips, the world around him underwent a
sudden and eerie transformation. He beheld his own reflection in the
mirror, like a pencil sketch hastily erased by an eraser.

His vision dimmed, plunging him into what felt like the deepest of
slumbers.

Abruptly, Lumian's consciousness drifted to the gathering, the pounding
of his heart resonating within his ears.

He snapped out of his reverie, finding himself within a palace marked by
crumbling stone walls and encroaching weeds.

In its heart lay a massive, weathered stone throne, yet no one ventured
near it. Through the fissures in the walls and the timeworn windows,
Lumian glimpsed a night shrouded in darkness and cold, veiled by a thick
fog.

Faint starlight penetrated the fog, casting a feeble glow upon the
palace and the dreamlike town enshrouded by the fog.

The town appeared utterly deserted, as if plucked from a dream. Within
the palace, stone candlesticks embedded in the walls flickered, bathing
the surroundings in their warm, yellow flames.

At that precise moment, over a hundred figures arrived, each attired in
distinctive garments. Lumian scanned the assembly but could not yet spot
Madame Hela. However, he recognized Hidden Blade Franca.

Clad in her favored assassin's garb---black robes complemented by
leather armor, a hood drawn low, and a silver half-mask gracing her
countenance---Franca engaged in conversation with a group of similarly
attired individuals.

Yet, among them, Franca stood as the sole genuine Assassin.

Lumian didn't greet Franca. Following her instructions and the hints in
Madame Hela's letter, he approached the huge stone chair.

Such a crowded gathering was no different from a marketplace. It was
unlikely to form a unified communication and transaction. The gathering
naturally fragmented into smaller groups. Only when there was a matter
of particular significance would President Gandalf or vice presidents
like Hela take their place by the massive stone chair to address the
assembly.

Of course, someone could do the same if they wanted to share their
intentions with the entire gathering.

Aurore had been a regular attendee at the Academy's gatherings. Their
designated meeting spot nestled deep within the palace, tucked away to
the left of the huge stone throne.

As Lumian advanced in that direction, he couldn't help but marvel at the
mystical nature of the gathering.

After reciting the incantation, he had departed from the Rue du
Rossignol safe house in the market district, only to find himself
transported to this mysterious and ancient palace.

The members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society hailed from
diverse corners of the Northern and Southern Continents, yet they had
all managed to converge here within a specific timeframe.

Lumian had never encountered such a mystical power before, surpassing
even teleportation. Only the bestowed Sowers of the Great Mother could
compare.

What baffled him, however, was Franca's never sharing the method of
entering the gathering. Even if they were face-to-face, he wouldn't hear
it unless granted permission by Madame Hela.

But it was just reciting an incantation, wasn't it? How could he not
hear it?

As Franca had explained, this power likely stemmed from a Sealed
Artifact---an Artifact Madame Hela couldn't fully control but could
employ to a certain extent.

Beyond this method of convening, the Curly-Haired Baboons Research
Society possessed other means, although these were established by
various groups for internal or clique gatherings. For instance, Hidden
Blade Franca had set up a telegram group with select members, utilizing
a miniaturized and simplified analyzer for scheduled chats.

Recalling Franca and Hela's rough descriptions of Aurore during the
gatherings and forming his own assumptions, Lumian's steps grew lighter.

He believed that, given the unique and shared origin of the Curly-Haired
Baboons Research Society members, even if his sister wished to remain
guarded amidst the assembly, her relaxed demeanor, akin to his
interactions with her, would prevail, possibly even more prominently so.

This was a state devoid of profound secrets.

Additional figures began to manifest, their forms rapidly taking shape
in the air, akin to oil paintings successfully duplicated.

Among the members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, a
diverse and eclectic array of disguises flourished. Some were clad in
traditional iron-gray full-body armor, while others embraced vibrant
red, yellow, white, and multicolored paint, transforming into clowns. A
handful sported extravagant makeup veiling their true visages,
resembling wicked witches from ancient folklore. Still, others adorned
themselves with monstrous helmets sculpted from orange-yellow pumpkins
or relied on makeshift hoods to become pale vampires with strikingly red
lips. Some even chose horse-like attires that enveloped them from head
to toe...

It was a spectacle more fantastical and imaginative than the masquerade
balls documented in newspapers and magazines.

As Lumian strolled amidst the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society's
diverse members, a faint smile played on his lips. Occasionally, he
would nod in acknowledgment of those who greeted him.

At last, he reached the corner housing the Academy team.

His eyes naturally swept over the code names displayed on their attires:
Pettigrew, Professor, Griffin, Eagle, Bear, Headmaster, Periodic Table,
Isotope...