---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1864
index: 393
section: vol3
slug: 393
title: Information About Celestial Worthy
---

## Chapter 393: Information About Celestial Worthy

Lumian was taken aback.

"Did it cause a huge commotion?"

He knew that once the Blood Emperor's aura was activated, it would
undoubtedly attract the attention of nearby official Beyonders and
powerful figures. It would be akin to setting Saint Viève Cathedral on
fire. The commotion wouldn't be small, but he never expected this to
catch the attention of Madam Magician, who didn't seem to be in Trier,
for her to rush over.

He had intended to write a letter and report this matter.

Madam Magician nodded seriously.

"Very. It even led some people to believe that the door to Fourth Epoch
Trier had opened."

The commotion is even greater than I had imagined. As expected of Blood
Emperor Alista Tudor... Lumian wasn't vexed or surprised; instead, he
calmly sat on the edge of the bed.

It had already happened, so there was no point in feeling vexed or
surprised. Moreover, even if he had to do it again, he would still do
it.

Lumian began recounting how he had posed as his sister to infiltrate the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society and determine if there was
anything amiss with the person who had sold her the Soul Summoning
Spell. He continued until Loki lost control and died, but no Beyonder
characteristics emerged. It was suspected that there was a way for him
to revive. There was also the honorific name of an evil god that Hela
and the Two of Cups had pieced together.

Magician didn't interrupt, but the smile on her face had vanished at
some point in time.

"Do I need to recite the honorific name's four lines intermittently, or
can I just say them?" Lumian finally asked.

Madam Magician's voice was calm as she replied, "Just say it. It won't
be a problem as long as you don't use ancient Hermes, Jotun, and other
unprotected Beyonder languages."

Lumian subconsciously surveyed the room and realized that it had grown
dimmer. Although the crimson moonlight could penetrate the glass window,
it seemed to be obstructed by an invisible, soundproof, and deep
curtain.

He then repeated Franca's translated honorific name.

With that said, he saw Madam Magician fall silent, as if she had
transformed into a statue.

"What's wrong with that?" Lumian probed.

Magician pondered for a moment and looked at him.

"You're saying that you relied on the brink of losing control from your
anger to trigger the resonance of the Blood Emperor's aura and create a
commotion that can break through the three layers of the thin fog's
concealment?"

"That's right," Lumian replied, still feeling a lingering fear as he
recalled the situation. "Normally, once my emotions exceed the limit, I
would recall the cues left behind by Madam Susie. However, even the
corresponding memories became intermittent and vague, preventing the
cues from having the desired effect. In fact, if I hadn't held out hope
when I was first controlled and instead tried to activate the Blood
Emperor's aura immediately, Loki probably wouldn't have been able to
truly stop me. When the control deepened, it wouldn't have worked. I
could only rely on such passive reactions..."

Madam Magician wore a thoughtful expression and didn't respond.

"Is there a problem with this part of the situation?" Lumian asked
bluntly.

Magician nodded slightly and said, "There's nothing wrong with this
detail. It's very reasonable. It's a normal development of the situation
back then. The problem is that you just obtained the Blood Emperor's
aura not long ago, so it came in handy."

Lumian was taken aback for a few seconds before blurting out, "Could
Amon have foreseen my encounter tonight by stuffing the Earth Blood ore
into my pocket? Is His purpose to help me?"

*Help that nearly got me killed?*

"This might be just one of the goals, and it's not His," Madam Magician
said with a soft sigh. "It's the goal of the one who's roughly
equivalent to His father."

Lumian was taken aback once more.

"The one the Aurora Order believes in? The one who inherited half of the
Ancient Sun God's inheritance?"

For some reason, Mr. K's maniacal laughter echoed in his mind.

*Piousness is the only way out!*

Madam Magician muttered to herself, "Previously, I thought I wanted to
involve you more deeply in matters related to the Sauron family, the
Iron and Blood Cross Order, and the Fourth Epoch Trier. Now, it seems
that I'll have to include disrupting that entity's plan..."

Seeing that Lumian still didn't understand why it involved the deity
believed in by the Aurora Order, Magician explained, "Do you remember
when you thought accepting another Major Arcana card holder's commission
was a normal and reasonable matter? You didn't need to tell me?"

"I remember," Lumian replied, not seeing any problem with that. "It's
true that I made a mistake, but it has nothing to do with that person.
It's a manifestation of my true thoughts."

Madam Magician chuckled.

"Coincidentally, I didn't meet Miss Justice during that time, so there
was an information gap."

Lumian's eyes flickered as he caught a whiff of a conspiracy.

Madam Magician continued, "The combination of two coincidences might not
be coincidental. Think about the complete honorific name of that
entity."

"I can't recall," Lumian admitted. "Madam Justice made a psychological
cue. I can only recall it if I pray for Mr. Fool's angelic protection."

"There's no rush. When you can recall, you'll naturally understand the
source of the problem," Magician warned him simply. "You have to be
vigilant once you encounter too many coincidences."

Lumian nodded solemnly.

Madam Magician consoled him,"There's no need to be too nervous, let
alone reject contact with Mr. K. This time, with that entity's
arrangements so obvious, He's telling us that He knows, that He is
watching and listening.

"This also means that He holds no ill intentions for the time being.
Otherwise, not only would you be finished, but I would also be in
danger."

Lumian was burdened with numerous issues. He couldn't afford to fret at
such a high level. It was pointless to fret. After all, he relied on the
Tarot Club the most.

He then inquired, "Madam, which evil god does Loki and company believe
in?"

Only by clarifying the evil god's domain and characteristics could he
better guard against and deal with His believers in the future.

Magician fell silent for several seconds, so silent that even a Beyonder
as bold as Lumian couldn't help but feel his heart race.

Eventually, she let out a sigh and remarked, "Actually, I have mentioned
that evil god to you."

"Huh?" Lumian had no impression of such a thing.

Madam Magician fell silent for a few seconds before saying, "I've told
you before, Mr. Fool is facing off against an ancient deity. This
outcome holds the power to shape our destinies and determine whether our
world can survive the impending apocalypse.

"That ancient deity is known as the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth
for Blessings."

"It's actually Mr. Fool's enemy..." Lumian hadn't anticipated such a
revelation.

*Me branded by Mr. Fool... Aurore, possibly brought to this world by the
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings... Loki and his
associates, who are devout followers of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven
and Earth for Blessings, sold the Soul Summoning Spell to Aurore,
triggering a series of catastrophic events... Mr. Fool is in direct
opposition to the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings...*

A torrent of information flooded Lumian's mind, leaving him feeling like
he was on the verge of unraveling a truth that was still missing crucial
details.

Madam Magician pondered for a moment before continuing.

"I've also mentioned that if you address Mr. Fool using anything other
than his three-lined honorific name or attempt to invoke him without
following the proper ritual, I can't guarantee that he will be the one
who responds. It might even lead to perilous encounters.

"Now, I can offer you a clear answer. Under those circumstances, the
response you receive could very well be from the Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings."

*Praying to Mr. Fool in an incorrect manner might gain a response from
the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings...*
Lumian was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of information. His head felt
like it was about to burst.

Then, a crucial detail caught his attention.

The title "The King of Yellow and Black" in Mr. Fool's honorific name
bore a striking resemblance to Franca's translation of the Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings!

With this revelation, a chilling sensation washed over Lumian.

He hesitated for a few seconds before deciding to inquire, "What's the
connection between Mr. Fool and the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth
for Blessings?"

Madam Magician offered a wry smile in response.

"What I know isn't that detailed or precise. For example, after the one
the Aurora Order believes in inherited half of the Ancient Sun God's
inheritance, the Ancient Sun God was resurrected in some way."

Lumian grasped the general idea and let out a relieved sigh.

"It seems to mirror Aurore's association with Roche Louise Sanson."

This facilitated his understanding.

Madam Magician seemed taken aback.

Almost instinctively, she reached out as if attempting to retrieve a
drink from thin air, but she restrained herself in the end.

Lumian recounted the entire incident, a hint of pain and deep confusion
in his voice.

"What could this Celestial Worthy be planning? Aurore was just a
Sequence 7. Even if Roche Louise Sanson and her family are devout
followers of Inevitability, they wouldn't be able to do anything of
significance..."

Madam Magician sighed once more.

"Perhaps He intends to hasten the arrival of the apocalypse and allow
the evil gods beyond the barrier to invade more easily.

"In that case, in order to protect this world and us, its inhabitants,
Mr. Fool might consider abandoning the confrontation and permitting the
Celestial Worthy's return intact."

Lumian listened in a daze, a sudden thought racing through his mind.

*What would happen if Mr. Fool indeed chose to stop resisting the
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings?*

Magician didn't delve further into the topic.

"I can't share more information at this moment. In short, pursuing Loki
and his associates is both your personal vendetta and a shared mission
of our Tarot Club. If you're confident, take action on your own. If not,
feel free to seek assistance from other Major Arcana card holders at any
time to eliminate the minions of the Celestial Worthy to the best of
your ability."

With that, the woman stood up, and the room suddenly transformed into a
celestial spectacle, filled with twinkling stars.

It felt as if Lumian had been transported into the vast and dazzling
cosmos.

The stars revolved continuously, as if conveying a message. Madam
Magician observed them for a moment before remarking, "It's true that
divination doesn't reveal Loki's whereabouts or identity after his
resurrection, and the others lack sufficient information.

"Once Hela has organized the relevant data, provide me with a copy."