---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1882
index: 411
section: vol3
slug: 411
title: Review Committee
---

## Chapter 411: Review Committee

The notice had already made it clear that this was no ordinary
gathering. Most members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society
didn't split into groups to chat. Instead, they took their customary
positions and fixed their eyes on the massive mottled stone chair.

Ten minutes past the agreed time, Gandalf, the president in his linen
robe, looked around and spoke in a booming voice, "Everyone, I've
brought you here for something crucial.

"We've got a bunch of traitors among us!"

*A bunch of traitors...* Even though Professor and the others
from the Academy had received Lumian's hint, they hadn't expected the
issue to be this severe.

It wasn't just one traitor; it was a whole bunch!

The ancient palace, though dilapidated, exploded with commotion. Some
members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society were skeptical,
while others became instantly wary, suspicious of everyone around. Some
thought there might be a problem, but they didn't think it was as bad as
Gandalf made it out to be.

As they whispered amongst themselves, Hela, her face shrouded in black,
spoke with an icy tone, "First, let's have one of the victims share her
experience."

Her voice wasn't loud, but it cut through the silence of the night,
reaching every member of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society.

She then turned her gaze toward the area where the Academy team was
positioned.

Understanding Hela's intent, Lumian confidently ascended the steps and
stood next to the massive, ancient mottled stone chair.

He channeled Aurore's emotional reaction if she were to discover the
truth about her death and spoke with a deep, resonant voice, "On April
1st, I acquired a spell known as the Soul Summoning Spell from Mad Lady
of the April Fool's team..."

Without any need for amplification, Lumian's imitation of Aurore's voice
harnessed the Concealed power that saturated the Nation of the
Evernight, ensuring that everyone present could hear without any leaks.

It was evident that Hela had lent her assistance. Lumian, not being a
true Warlock, couldn't employ supplementary spells himself.

Upon hearing this revelation, most members of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society shifted their attention to the palace's crevice housing
the April Fool's team. They noticed the conspicuous absence of Mad Lady
and a significant number of her team members.

They could now infer which group the traitors were affiliated with.
Those who had been pranked by the April Fool's team couldn't help but
feel a sense of vindication.

Lumian continued with his account. He didn't immediately divulge Loki
and I Know Someone's "confessions." Instead, he reconstructed Aurore's
emotions.

The trust in I Know Someone, the yearning for home, the obsession with
clues, the fascination with Mad Lady's claims, the fear and unease upon
discovering a soul fragment fused with her memories after using the Soul
Summoning Spell and the subsequent split into a separate personality,
the desperate search for treatment from I Know Someone, the helplessness
and horror from her repeated improvements before repeated
deterioration...

Lumian's agitation grew as he spoke. At times, he even choked back a
sob.

Part of this stemmed from his frustration. He had failed to notice
Aurore's abnormal emotions and state earlier. His relaxed demeanor
around those close to him had caused him to overlook subtle changes. By
the time he had realized the gravity of the situation, it had already
spiraled out of control.

Simultaneously, as he recounted and simulated Aurore, her fragmented
soul seemed to stir and hover near the edge of the seal, exerting an
influence on his own psyche.

As he neared the end of his narrative, Lumian took a deep breath.

"I came perilously close to death because of it. Fortunately, I received
assistance at the eleventh hour and managed to seal my split
personality. That's why I was absent from the gatherings for almost half
a year.

"After my initial recovery, I reached out to Madame Hela and recounted
my encounter. We began our covert investigation into Loki, I Know
Someone, and Mad Lady."

Hela took charge of the conversation.

"So far, Loki has revealed a significant number of issues and has been
dealt a severe blow from our actions. I Know Someone, on the other hand,
was apprehended by Muggle and the rest, resulting in the extraction of a
wealth of information."

As Hela noticed the growing fear and concern among the members of the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, she recounted Loki's mockery of
Muggle and I Know Someone's intricate schemes.

This revelation stoked the flames of fury within most of the Research
Society's members, and they began to grasp the reasons behind Muggle and
Hela's actions.

Hela surveyed the assembled crowd and continued, "Muggle wasn't the sole
victim of their malevolence. Many members who had previously met
untimely ends or disappeared were also targeted.

"Now, let's invite a few witnesses up."

With that, several witnesses, including Black Earth and other April
Fool's team members, took the stage one by one to share what they knew.
Their accounts sent shivers down the spines of the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society members, leaving them with a lingering fear.

It became abundantly clear that if Muggle hadn't survived and exposed
their true colors, countless more individuals could have fallen prey to
their schemes!

After the witnesses had concluded their accounts, President Gandalf
presented the evidence, including diaries and items. Finally, he
addressed the assembly, "According to I Know Someone's confession, we've
managed to eliminate Loki's accomplices who were embedded in other
teams. Among them, Pettigrew took his own life, overwhelmed by guilt. He
was a good person but lacked determination and courage. If he had
reached out to Hela and me earlier and hinted at the situation more
effectively, many unfortunate events might have been averted. He
wouldn't have had to carry this heavy burden."

As sighs rippled through the audience, Gandalf's resonant voice grew
stronger.

"Everyone, we've only dealt with those accomplices known to I Know
Someone. It's entirely possible that there are still spies embedded in
various teams, loyal only to Loki. I propose the formation of a Review
Committee consisting of Hela, myself, and three other trusted companions
who have already undergone mutual reviews. Our mission will be to assess
the remaining members and root out any hidden threats. We'll take
decisive action against Loki and his allies."

Members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society hesitated,
concerned that this move would expose their secrets and realities to the
Review Committee.

If any ambitious individuals were part of this committee, they could
potentially exploit the information to manipulate and control members,
posing a more significant threat than Loki's gang.

Gandalf remained observant, waiting for their deliberations before
adding, "Do not be overly concerned. Our review process won't delve into
your personal secrets or true identities. The primary goal is for the
Review Committee to draft a stringent contract that ensures Research
Society members won't harm each other. Everyone will sign it, and the
contract will be notarized by Apollo. We don't care which deity you
believe in, your real-world profession, or your hidden secrets. As long
as you pose no threat and don't become hidden time bombs, you will be
fine. This limitation will be clearly outlined in the contract."

Apollo, one of the five vice presidents, was known by a different
nickname before. However, one day, he had unexpectedly approached the
massive stone chair and announced his new moniker.

He had already successfully passed Gandalf and Hela's scrutiny.

In comparison to a comprehensive body-to-soul review, signing a binding
contract to ensure each other's safety seemed far more acceptable to the
members of the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society.

After a show of hands, the Review Committee was officially established
with nearly unanimous support.

The committee comprised five members: President Gandalf, Vice President
Hela, Vice President Apollo, Hidden Blade from the Sanctuary team, and
Headmaster from the Academy team.

Hela had initially suggested that Muggle join the Review Committee, but
Lumian felt that, given that he wasn't truly Muggle, it wouldn't be
appropriate for him to hold such a position. Thus, he rejected Hela's
proposal.

As the vote passed, Lumian overheard Hidden Blade Franca mutter, "Humans
are still the same. If you want to open a window, there will always be
plenty of objections. But if you propose to tear down the roof, they'll
happily agree to let you open the window."

Upon noticing Muggle's gaze, Hidden Blade Franca added, "I didn't say
that."

Subsequently, the members split into groups to discuss the terms of the
contract. Their aim was to ensure that it contained no extraneous
content and that it could effectively expose traitors and harmful
actions without any loopholes.

As Lumian descended the steps, he noticed Hidden Blade Franca engaged in
conversation with a tall individual wearing a lion headgear.

As he approached, the lion-headed man turned to "her" and offered a
smile.

"Muggle, you're in the market district too?"

"007, why do you say that?" Franca asked with deliberate curiosity.

*That 007 who's affiliated with an official faction in Trier...*
Lumian nodded and smirked.

"Just because you're active in the market district doesn't necessarily
mean you live there."

"That's true," 007 replied, then turned to Hidden Blade with a hint of
jest in his voice, "You've already told me about that terrifying aura
that night, and today you mentioned Loki and the others' betrayal. It
would have been strange if I couldn't connect the dots and figure out
that it was Madame Hela, you, and Muggle dealing with Loki and I Know
Someone in the market district. Besides, I heard about a Marionettist
going missing from Bureau 8 during that time, and it matched the
abilities Loki displayed."

At this point, 007 looked at Hidden Blade and Muggle in puzzlement.

"None of you are Beyonders of the Hunter pathway."

The higher-ups suspected that the terrifying aura had been emitted by a
high-level Beyonder of the Hunter pathway.

"Can we create that terrifying aura ourselves? It must be exogenous!"
Franca was telling the truth, but she was deliberately misleading him
into thinking about charms, Sealed Artifacts, and so on.

As 007 nodded slowly in contemplation, Lumian focused on him and
inquired, "What's the official stance of Bureau 8 regarding the missing
Marionettist? Why do they believe he disappeared?"