---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1884
index: 413
section: vol3
slug: 413
title: Cave Association
---

## Chapter 413: Cave Association

Upon hearing the name Trier Cave Association and their invitation to
"Rat" Christo, Lumian didn't feel puzzled initially. Instead, he
recalled the secret map of Underground Trier he had once seen from
Gardner Martin.

The upper section of the map was as detailed as if one had infiltrated
the municipal department and copied the original information.

Now, Lumian suspected that it might have been leaked from the Trier Cave
Association.

This seemingly civilian organization had a large number of cave
researchers. Some of them were employees of the municipal department or
expert consultants. They had ample opportunities to come into contact
with confidential exploration and construction information. There was no
lack of people who had participated in the municipal modification
decades ago. They were hands-on witnesses who had bored through various
tunnels and reinforced all the quarry caves.

They had a deep understanding of Underground Trier.

Lumian looked at "Rat" Christo and asked thoughtfully, "Do you really
not understand why they invited you to join the association?"

"Rat" Christo smiled sheepishly and said, "I have a guess, but I'm not
sure.

"Ciel, don't tell me they've discovered I'm a smuggler leader?"

As a merchant who had long exploited Underground Trier's concealed
nature to smuggle alcohol, weapons, and ammunition, Christo's knowledge
of different tunnels, remote mines, underground tombs, and hidden
chambers rivaled that of most members of the Cave Association. He even
possessed secret routes that remained unknown to others.

Moreover, his nickname was "Rat," and he was a true Beast Tamer. With
the help of his animal friends, his "tentacles" could extend to many
areas that humans couldn't reach.

Christo suspected that the Cave Association had taken a liking to him
because of these traits.

That was why he felt uneasy. Whether it was his status as a Beast Tamer
in the Beyonder domain or his nature as a big-time smuggler, they were
enough to send him to trial. His options would probably range from
hanging, a firing squad, incineration, beheading, to becoming a
low-level experimentalist.

Lumian chuckled.

"I don't believe that adventurers who join the Cave Association haven't
been involved in smuggling and don't have Beyonders among them."

"That's right," "Rat" Christo exhaled and said, "The Cave Association
wants some business from me?"

Lumian glanced at him and said, "That's why you should consult the Boss
about this, not me."

Christo lowered his voice and smiled ingratiatingly. "I'm just worried
that the Boss will take the opportunity to assign me some dangerous
mission."

Based on Gardner Martin's previous missions and the confidential map,
this "Rat" keenly sensed the Boss's extraordinary interest in
Underground Trier.

He felt that if he joined the Trier Cave Association, Gardner Martin
might arrange for him to contact some members of the association and
attempt to steal confidential information or participate in research and
risky expeditions.

And that often meant danger.

He had consulted Lumian not only because he felt that his colleague was
powerful, knowledgeable, and quick-witted but also because he wanted to
find someone to shirk his responsibility in advance.

He had already made up his mind to join the Trier Cave Association and
keep it a secret from Gardner Martin, the boss of the Savoie Mob.

For him to progress from an ordinary mobster to a Beyonder and take
control of the Savoie Mob's smuggling business, he relied on two
principles: One, he had to avoid provoking anyone stronger than him,
choosing only to bully the weak. If he ran out of options, he could seek
help from his colleagues and join forces. Two, he had to never place all
his chips on a bet or one person.

Previously, he had fawned over Lumian, displaying a certain degree of
submission. His words were filled with praise for Lumian because he
valued his colleague's rapid advancement in Sequence, his strength, and
his intelligence. If he befriended him, he might be able to save his
life from a dangerous mission given by Gardner Martin at a critical
moment.

Now that he had a chance to join the Trier Cave Association and interact
with more factions and powerful figures, "Rat" Christo naturally didn't
want to let it go. He didn't want his connections to be limited to the
Savoie Mob and the market district. If Gardner Martin lost power one day
or he was given a certain death mission, he needed to switch teams, one
that could protect him.

Gardner Martin definitely couldn't know about this, but if he
accidentally discovered the matter, Christo could naturally blame it on
Ciel:

I, 'Rat,' am a boorish and uncultured individual. I spend my days
dealing with animals, laborers, and the dark underground. I have limited
knowledge and ain't very bright. I often seek guidance from Ciel when I
encounter matters, and he told me that I could join the Cave
Association. He said it was a very normal and personal matter.

Lumian looked at Christo with a faint smile, his dark-blue eyes and
grayish-black hair, and didn't respond to his inquiry. Instead, he
asked, "You've been a Beast Tamer for a long time, right? Do you know
what the next Sequence is?"

Judging by Rat's care and concern for his animal companions, even if he
didn't know the acting method, the Beast Tamer potion should have mostly
been digested.

"I don't know. The Boss didn't tell me," Christo's eyes darted around.

Lumian chuckled and said, "As far as I know, the next Sequence of Beast
Tamer is a qualitative change. It will bring you an all-around
improvement, including a longer lifespan and a body with better recovery
traits."

Without waiting for Christo to press further, Lumian changed the
subject.

"Therefore, you must work hard to complete the mission given by the Boss
and strive to obtain the corresponding rewards as soon as possible."

"Yes, yes, yes," Christo hastily agreed.

Only then did Lumian steer the conversation back on track. He smiled and
asked, "Do you wish to join the Trier Cave Association?"

Christo stammered, "I-I'm curious about their motives. Moreover, the
person who came seems polite and keeps smiling, but I keep feeling that
his actions are a threat to me. Yes, a threat!

"The one following him is even more expressionless. He looks at me as if
I'm a dead man, a criminal awaiting trial!"

*Curious...* Lumian chuckled inwardly, grasping Rat's
inclination and thoughts.

"Angrily," he said, "How dare they threaten a leader of our Savoie Mob?
We must inform the Boss about this!"

"No, no need!" Christo panicked. "The Cave Association is a
semi-official organization. We're just mobsters. There's no need to
clash with them. This won't do you, me, or Red Boots, who are members of
the Savoie Mob in the market district, any good."

Lumian clicked his tongue silently, planning to add fuel to the fire and
force the truth out of "Rat."

At that moment, Sarkota, who had been guarding the staircase at the
bottom, walked up and said to Lumian, "Boss, two individuals calling
themselves Trier Cave Association liaisons are here to pay you a visit."

*Visit me? Someone from the Trier Cave Association is visiting
me?* Lumian glanced at "Rat" Christo, who had his hands on the
table in surprise and confusion. He leaned back in his chair and said to
Sarkota, "Invite them up."

The Trier Cave Association's two liaisons were young. They wore black
formal attire and blue bow ties. One had brown hair, brown eyes, and a
reserved smile. The other had black hair and brown eyes, expressionless
and cold.

The friendly liaison glanced at "Rat" Christo and fixed his gaze on
Lumian's face.

He smiled and asked, "Good afternoon. Are you Monsieur Ciel Dubois?"

"Yes." Lumian wanted to see what the Trier Cave Association was up to.

The liaison who had asked the question earlier smiled condescendingly
and said, "We're members of the Trier Cave Association. My name is
Joseph, and this is my colleague, Rayan. We're here to invite you to
join our association. We just invited Monsieur Christo, who's standing
beside you, a few hours ago."

Lumian didn't hide his emotions and asked with amusement, "What do I
have that caught your Cave Association's eye?"

*I'm not a smuggler who frequents Underground Trier!*

*Could it be that you know that I entered the fourth level of the
catacombs and obtained the Samaritan Women's Spring water?*

*Could it be that you still know that I'm a member of the Iron and Blood
Cross Order and am aware of a series of hidden catacombs like the Albert
Mines?*

Joseph replied with a smile, "We have our reasons. If you're willing to
join our association, you'll definitely know the specific reason."

Rayan, who was taller than Joseph, added coldly, "That's a good thing
for you."

Lumian gazed at them for a few seconds before chuckling.

"I'm not interested in your association."

The expressionless Rayan narrowed his eyes.

"I hope you won't regret it."

Joseph smiled meaningfully and said, "You might not know the
significance of our Cave Association in Trier.

"Unfortunately, you missed this opportunity."

With that, the two of them turned around and prepared to walk towards
the stairs leading to the ground floor.

As Lumian watched them leave, he raised his head slightly.

*What is the Trier Cave Association up to? This matter is definitely not
simple...*

*Perhaps this is an opportunity. If I offend the Cave Association,
Gardner Martin probably won't let me stay in the market district
anymore...*

*My current mission in the Iron and Blood Cross Order is to investigate
the Sauron family's decline and explore the underground to find the
entrance to Fourth Epoch Trier. It has nothing to do with staying in the
market district...*

*Once I leave the market district, I'll be out of Loki's sight. I can
slip into the shadows and wait patiently...*

*I wonder if I can continue enjoying Salle de Bal Brise's share of
profits...*

*If anything goes awry, I'll teleport away immediately...*

As these thoughts raced through his mind, Lumian suddenly knocked on the
coffee table in front of him.

Amidst the thumping sounds, he glanced at Joseph and Rayan's figures and
asked calmly, "Who gave you the permission to leave?"