---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1885
index: 414
section: vol3
slug: 414
title: Reason
---

## Chapter 414: Reason

Joseph and Rayan came to a sudden halt, swiftly turning to face Lumian.

Lumian observed them in silence, offering no immediate explanation.

Joseph, maintaining his smug and condescending grin, inquired, "Monsieur
Ciel, I'm not sure I comprehend your meaning."

Lumian spoke with composure, "I granted you permission to visit me, not
the freedom to depart."

"This is my Salle de Bal Brise, not your home. You can't come and go as
you please."

Though Lumian didn't intentionally use Provocation, his demeanor, tone,
and message radiated unmistakable disdain, as if he held no fear of
their wrath.

Rayan, his expression unchanged, narrowed his eyes, turned away, and
continued his stride toward the staircase, completely disregarding
Lumian's words.

Joseph, with brown hair and eyes to match, glanced at Lumian, then at
Rayan. His gaze flickered, but he made no move to stop him.

Unfazed, Lumian calmly drew his revolver and discharged a round toward
the staircase without hesitation.

With a bang, Rayan came to an abrupt standstill once again.

Slowly, he pivoted to face Lumian, exuding a palpable pressure from his
eyes.

A subtle movement in Christo's pocket betrayed his discomfort and
vigilance, sensing imminent danger.

Unperturbed, Lumian, holding the revolver, issued a sincere apology,
"I'm sorry, I am carrying a concealed firearm."

As he spoke, he glanced back at Rayan and Joseph, a faint, fearless
smile playing on his lips.

Joseph's feigned polite smile crumbled, replaced by a piercing gaze
fixed on Lumian, as if assessing the mob leader's resolve, confidence,
and strength.

Lumian contemplated uttering, "What are you staring at? If you want to
fight, let's fight. If not, back down." to further infuriate the Trier
Cave Association representatives, but considering the presence of "Rat"
Christo, he abandoned the notion.

It would expose his true intention of provocation rather than
investigating their true purpose, making it challenging to explain to
Gardner Martin, the current or former Conspirer.

His unwavering gaze remained locked with Joseph and Rayan. With the
revolver in his right hand, he deftly spun the cylinder.

After more than ten seconds that left "Rat" Christo visibly sweating,
Joseph once again wore a polite smile and asked, "May we depart now,
Monsieur Ciel?"

Oh, so you see through my true intentions of deliberately finding fault,
hoping to get some action? Where's your arrogance and self-esteem?
Lumian chuckled inwardly and said in an infuriating tone,

"Not just yet."

Rayan took an abrupt step forward, but Joseph restrained him.

The freckled, brown-haired, brown-eyed young man raised his chin
slightly and locked eyes with Lumian.

"What must we do to gain your permission?"

Lumian's smile held a tinge of disappointment as he replied, "Answer my
question, why did you invite Christo and me to join the Cave
Association? I don't recall having a hobby of exploring and studying
caves."

Joseph fell into a brief silence before explaining, "Our association's
cave adventurers have encountered Christo several times underground and
noticed his in-depth knowledge of Underground Trier. He appears to be
well-acquainted with many hidden routes, which aligns with our cave
association's criteria for invitations."

"Rat" Christo didn't voice any objections to this explanation. Although
his primary activities involved smuggling underground, there were no
completely hidden smuggling routes. They inevitably crossed paths with
tunnels and mines known to cave adventurers and quarry police. During
these encounters, it was inevitable that he would come across a few
"passersby" or be covertly observed from a distance.

Lumian, all the while, idly stroked the revolver's muzzle without
interrupting Joseph's narrative.

Joseph paused for a brief moment before elaborating, "There are two
reasons for your invitation."

"The first reason is an Earth Blood ore specimen."

*The Earth Blood ore specimen...* Lumian hadn't anticipated this
reason at all.

Without taking much time to consider, guided by his prankster instincts
and recent advice from Anthony Reid, Lumian swiftly responded, "An Earth
Blood ore specimen... Ah, I recall now. I acquired it from a lunatic
named Flameng. Isn't it just a stone? It holds no value to me. I don't
even know its whereabouts."

Lumian then added with a touch of nostalgia, "It appears to have been
stolen. I left it in a rented apartment. Heh heh, individuals like us
rarely have a place solely for rest and sleep. My apartment was laden
with numerous traps. Who would have imagined a thief successfully
infiltrating and accessing the cabinet? What's more, they only took the
Earth Blood ore and left everything else untouched. It puzzled me at the
time, making me wonder if my recollection was flawed---the stone has
long been lost, and no thief had broken in..."

Ciel Dubois's words were delivered with a sincere and detailed tone, and
his demeanor conveyed an apparent lack of concern regarding the ore
specimen. Now, it merely seemed like the loss of some insignificant
item. Joseph and Rayan exchanged glances, their attitudes subtly
shifting.

As Lumian finished his act, his mind raced, trying to decipher the
rationale behind the Trier Cave Association's interest in the Earth
Blood ore.

*The Earth Blood's rock stratum has existed beneath Trier for centuries,
if not millennia. The specific minerals concealed within it couldn't
have surfaced recently, catching the attention of Flameng and other
mineral researchers...*

*Official factions in Trier and certain secretive organizations probably
know that a select few minerals within the Earth Blood rock stratum hold
a connection to the death of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. However, they
haven't uncovered their practical significance, merely corrupting the
minds of those who encountered them...*

*That night, I activated the brand on my right hand, causing numerous
high-ranking individuals in Trier to sense it. Someone might have
identified the aura of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor through various means,
prompting an investigation into relevant items...*

*The whereabouts of the specific minerals within the Earth Blood rock
stratum are a vital lead in their inquiry. Flameng's belongings were
registered with the market district's police headquarters...*

*Given the Cave Association's connection to the authorities, they likely
accepted the mission and sought me out, the one who had acquired
Flameng's belongings...*

*But why didn't they just send someone from the police headquarters to
inquire directly? The Purifier, Machinery Hivemind, and Bureau 8 members
all possess corresponding police identities...*

*Of course, the authorities aren't unified. They are officially divided
between the government and the two Churches, but in practice, each
faction harbors internal divisions.*

*The Eternal Blazing Sun Church's Order Of Preachers clashes with the
Brotherhood Minor and other ideological factions. The Church of the God
of Steam and Machinery's cloister system opposes the cathedral system.
Bureau 8 is even more of a mixed bag. Some members come from secret
organizations recognized by the government, some are former nobles like
Sauron, who retains some influence, and others had been groomed by
Bureau 8 over the years...*

*The only thing holding them together is the fact that Bureau 8 members
can't officially align with any political party, or it would become even
more chaotic...*

*In such a fractured environment, it is possible that a group within a
faction had identified the Earth Blood ore's unique trail of clues but
doesn't want others to know. Hence, they bypassed the police station's
public channels and conducted their investigation through the unofficial
Cave Association...*

*Perhaps someone within the Cave Association has recognized this clue
and possesses an in-depth knowledge of underground terrain and mineral
specimens. They are likely among the most proficient
professionals...*

*Is this why they hadn't directly requested my cooperation with the
investigation and instead attempted to recruit me into the Cave
Association?*

Lumian swiftly reached this preliminary conclusion, eagerly awaiting
Joseph to reveal the second reason.

Joseph said, "We believed you had an interest in underground minerals
and were a kindred spirit."

"Did it really get stolen, or did you leave it somewhere else but have
forgotten about it?"

"It must have been stolen," Lumian said truthfully. "I found some traces
of a break-in. Because of this, I became concerned about the gold I had
saved, so I went to the bank to rent a safe deposit box for it."

Joseph nodded gently and said, "The second reason is that Kendall, an
administrator of the catacombs, told us that among the individuals who
brought Flameng's ashes there for burial, you seemed to possess a unique
sensitivity to something abnormal that others couldn't perceive."

*They connected the dots from the Earth Blood ore to the
catacombs...* Lumian was enlightened.

"I'm not sure what you mean by 'special.'"

Joseph didn't elaborate or push for further information. He simply
looked at Lumian and asked, "Monsieur Ciel, may we leave now?"

Lumian regarded them for a few seconds before nodding slowly.

"Sure."

The situation had taken an unexpected turn, causing him to abandon his
plan of provoking the two liaisons and antagonizing the Trier Cave
Association further.

While he had undoubtedly irked Joseph and Rayan, they had also obtained
the answers they were seeking, or at least a part of them. There might
be minor repercussions in the future, but a major confrontation was
unlikely.

After Joseph and Rayan disappeared down the stairs, Lumian sat in
contemplation for several moments. He holstered his revolver, stood up,
and addressed "Rat" Christo, "This situation is more complex than I
anticipated. I need to report it to the Boss."

He considered a dangerous possibility.

If it turned out that the Sauron family was behind the investigation
into the special Earth Blood ore through the Cave Association, and they
discovered a connection between Ciel Dubois, a mob leader, and the
supposed son of a wealthy businessman who exhibited peculiar behavior in
Poufer Sauron's King's Pie game, it could pose a significant problem.

Therefore, he needed to inform Gardner Martin immediately, be forthright
with him, and eliminate any potential hidden threats while seeking
useful advice.

With the Iron and Blood Cross Order as a secret organization backing
this entire operation and his primary mission assigned by Gardner
Martin, Lumian had no intention of handling the matter on his own.

"Rat" Christo hesitated for a moment before forcing a smile and
responding, "Alright."