---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1894
index: 423
section: vol3
slug: 423
title: Unexpected Encounter
---

## Chapter 423: Unexpected Encounter

Franca chuckled at Jenna's complaint and replied, "That's typical. As
long as you master the acting method, progress comes quickly before
reaching the mid Sequences. The pace at which you save money often falls
short of the expenses for purchasing the potion formula and the
necessary ingredients.

"Don't fret about the money. Sequence 7 in the Assassin pathway is a
game-changer. It significantly boosts your combat prowess and survival
skills. You're aware of the potential catastrophe on the horizon. Only
by becoming a Witch and wielding the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty will you
stand a chance at survival and protecting the people you care about."

Jenna fell silent for a moment, then she swore, "You instigated me
without using your abilities!"

"Haha, it's just the way things are. I'll share the Witch potion formula
with you now. Let's start gathering," Franca said as she returned to the
coffee table, spread out a piece of paper, and swiftly jotted down the
instructions.

Jenna stood beside her, examining the Intisian words taking shape.

Meanwhile, Jenna silently tallied her debts.

*Including the Purifier reward and the earnings from my underground
singing, I've saved nearly 10,000 verl d'or.*

*According to Franca and Ciel, a Sequence 7 potion formula can go for
between 30,000 and 40,000 verl d'or, depending on its rarity. At the
very least, I owe Franca another 30,000 verl d'or, bringing the total to
60,000...*

*Even if I sell the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty, I won't be able to make
up for it. In the future, I'll have to purchase various ingredients for
the Witch potion, costing me over 30,000 verl d'or... Dammit! It's no
wonder why so many Beyonders at those mysticism gatherings seem strapped
for cash and penny-pinching!*

The more Jenna calculated, the more her head throbbed.

If it weren't for the potion's tangible transformation and the clear,
visible abilities it grants, she would have suspected she'd fallen into
a scam. Why did her debts keep increasing as she worked harder?

In the past, her whole family had often felt hopeless when dealing with
a debt of a few thousand verl d'or. But now, she owed Franca 60,000, and
there was no end in sight.

Even with her cash and assets, she still fell short by 10,000 verl d'or.

Gritting her teeth, Jenna decided to put these worries aside for now and
deal with them after advancing to Sequence 7 as a Witch.

Franca quickly finished writing down the Witch potion formula:

"Sequence 7: Witch;

"Main ingredient: Every drop of an Abyss Demonic Fish's blood and an
Agate Peacock's egg;

"Supplementary ingredients: 80 ml of purified water, five drops of
Jimsonweed juice, 3 scales of a Shadow Lizard, and 10 drops of Daffodil
Juice."

She handed the paper with the formula to Jenna and added in thought,
"Avoid gathering these materials at the mysticism gathering we attend.
Acquire them from the gathering you discovered and joined, as well as
from the Purifiers. Oh, ask Ciel for assistance too."

Franca was still in the Demoness Sect's assessment period and worried
about potential spies from the secret organization in the mysticism
gatherings. If participants gathered the ingredients for the Witch
potion, it could raise suspicions.

In contrast, the Purifiers were a more secure source of these
ingredients, given their history of dealing with Demonesses. They
definitely had the corresponding characteristics in reserve.

Of course, Franca would also help inquire and gather information at the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, but she couldn't inform Jenna
about it.

"Alright." Jenna was well aware of the Demoness Sect's hostility toward
wild Assassins like her.

As Jenna memorized the Witch potion formula, Franca inquired with
concern, "Has your brother left Trier?"

Recognizing that the heretics were oddly quiet and them receiving
confirmation from a Major Arcana card holder, Lumian and Franca had
suggested that Jenna and her brother Julien relocate from Trier to
another city in Intis for six months to monitor the situation.

Jenna had insisted on staying to spend time with her comrades and had
promised to advance her Sequence quickly.

This was the primary reason she had accepted Franca's gift without
hesitation.

As for her brother Julien, Jenna genuinely wanted to keep him away from
another mysticism disaster. She wanted him to live a safe and happy
life, and she had been busy instigating him to leave Trier.

Jenna couldn't help but smile. "I went to Port LeSeur last weekend."

Port LeSeur, situated at the estuary of the Srenzo River, was one of
Trier's primary ports for shipping goods out to sea.

Franca was surprised and pleased for her friend.

"Did you manage to instigate that stubborn fellow?"

Without divulging the truth,Jenna shook her head and said, "No. I
shifted my instigation efforts to a different target. I discovered that
the shipyard where Julien works has a branch in Port LeSeur, so I used
my Instigation ability to convince their supervisor to propose a
six-month technical exchange program between the factories. I also paid
to include Julien in the list.

"I only digested the potion after successfully instigating this.
Dogshit, no matter what I told Julien, he refused to listen. He even
reneged on his word the next day after the Instigation. As soon as his
supervisor issued the order, he started packing!"

After venting her frustration about her brother, Jenna glanced at Franca
and added with a sly grin,

"The skilled workers from Trier arrived in Port LeSeur last weekend. The
return leg from LeSeur to Trier will be half a year later to avoid the
potential disaster.

"Franca, why don't we figure out a way to get more people to leave Trier
and lay low for a while?"

"They won't believe us even if we tell them," Franca sighed. "Moreover,
if more people leave, those evil god organizations might sense it and
act prematurely. If the official Beyonders aren't prepared, it could
lead to more casualties."

Unspoken was the fact that, combined with Madam Judgment's words and
Ciel's intel, the surface Trier served to seal the underground Trier.
Everyone in the city contributed their strength, and if too many left,
the seal might weaken, putting the remaining citizens in danger.

Jenna fell silent for a moment, choosing not to dwell on the topic.

Her upbringing and six months of experience had taught her to accept the
harsh reality. All she could do was save as many as she could within
reasonable bounds.

After a pause of about ten seconds, Jenna said thoughtfully, "When I
Instigated the supervisor to propose the exchange program, I noticed
that many neighboring factories had similar arrangements. That's why I
had an example to raise and succeeded without much difficulty.

"Now that I think about it, could it be a covert effort by official
Beyonders to reduce the population in the market district?"

"It's certainly possible," Franca considered for a moment before
hesitating to add more.

What she wanted to say was that it might also be orchestrated by the
Tarot Club or Church of The Fool. Madam Justice, a Major Arcana card in
the Spectator domain, was well-suited for such matters.

Franca refrained from saying this because she hadn't yet told Jenna
about her and Ciel's belief in Mr. Fool.

She had initially planned to "visit" The Fool's cathedral at Lavigny
Docks with Jenna, but she dared not do so once she came under the
scrutiny of the Demoness Sect.

*Yes, I'll have to get Ciel to take Jenna to Lavigny Docks. If she
embraces the faith of Mr. Fool, she'll be safer in the
future...* Franca's thoughts drifted to Lumian.

*†*

In a four-wheeled four-seater carriage, navigating through the forest
and farmland, Lumian, dressed in a casual formal suit, looked out the
window at the golden harvest, his mind drifting.

The past month had been his most leisurely period in the past six
months, but he didn't find this leisure enjoyable. He seized every
opportunity to digest the Pyromaniac potion.

This included visits to the large morgue in the island district to help
"cremate" corpses, "bury" abandoned large-sized trash, venturing
underground to use flames to intimidate passing smuggling teams,
successfully securing insurance compensation for small distressed
merchants through fires, tracking down and incinerating a few wanted
criminals, and igniting a desire among many to leave Trier and explore
opportunities in neighboring cities...

This string of actions had brought Lumian to the brink of fully
digesting the Pyromaniac potion. It might only take another half a
month, a week, or perhaps even less.

Today, Lumian had received an invitation from Count Poufer to visit his
Red Swan Castle as a guest.

Over the past month, the Sauron family had hosted five gatherings---one
at the castle, one for hunting, two for casual chats at a café, and one
for a masquerade ball in an abandoned house.

Lumian had participated in all of them, but nothing significant had
occurred. The only notable exception was that Poufer Sauron hadn't
played King's Pie again.

*Where's the probe Gardner Martin mentioned? Could it be a probe this
time? The Cave Association hasn't made another appearance. Do they
believe me?* He redirected his thoughts from the near-harvest
farmland and contemplated the invitation for the day.

What intrigued him even more was Gardner Martin's promise to secretly
monitor every gathering hosted by Count Poufer. *So, where might Gardner
be concealed at this moment?*

Under the afternoon sun, the carriage arrived at its destination.

Lumian gazed up at the beige castle, tainted with the stains of ancient
blood. Passing through the imposing door and the vast atrium, he reached
the elegant living room on the first floor, adorned with a dark-red,
plush carpet.

Poufer Sauron, dressed in a red velvet coat, was engaged in conversation
at the entrance with another guest when Lumian arrived.

Lumian's gaze froze.

The guest standing beside Count Poufer was not someone he had expected
to see.

Clad in hunting attire, with what appeared to be reddish-dyed hair,
sharp brown eyebrows, and piercing eyes, it was Albus, another member of
the Iron and Blood Cross Order.

As a member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order under the command of
Commanding Officer Gardner Martin, Lumian was well aware of their
identities and objectives. However, Albus was enigmatic and seldom seen
in the market district, only making appearances at gatherings for a free
meal.

"Who is this?" Lumian didn't conceal his confusion.

*Is he here to assist me in completing my mission?*

Poufer Sauron introduced with a smile,"A new friend. He'll be joining us
at our gatherings more frequently."

At this point, Poufer turned to Albus, whose expression appeared rather
unlikable, maintaining his smile.

"His full name is: Albus Medici."