---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1898
index: 427
section: vol3
slug: 427
title: Hunters' Cooperation
---

## Chapter 427: Hunters' Cooperation

The suspected Black Hunting Spider flashed and disappeared into the
shadows on the other side of the hall.

Lumian only saw it but didn't react in time. Albus Medici and Elros
Einhorn were equally caught off guard.

By the time Iraeta sensed the abnormality and looked up at the ceiling,
the colossal black spider had vanished.

"What are you looking at?" the poet asked curiously, casually
commenting, "There's no mural on the walls of the underground maze. This
doesn't match the Sauron family's former glory."

In the Northern Continent, murals were essential when constructing grand
buildings. All painters took pride in being invited to create these
magnificent works of art, especially when it came to epic paintings on
cathedral domes and walls. These paintings were not just a status symbol
but also required months or even years to complete.

Lumian withdrew his gaze and smiled.

"I saw a venomous spider. No one has been here for a long time. It seems
to have become a haven for dangerous creatures."

Without waiting for Iraeta's response, he suggested, "Albus, Elros, and
I have impressive skills and extensive hunting experience. It's clear
you lack sufficient training. Why don't you return to the surface ahead
of time? Continuing forward could be perilous for you. You don't truly
believe you can find the crown and become king, do you?"

Iraeta muttered, "No problem. You're my sponsor, after all.

"If it weren't to accompany you guys and have some fun, I wouldn't
venture into this pitch-black underground. I'm past the age of
adventuring and performing arts. Alright, I'll head back to the surface
now and wait for you in the living room. There's La Fée Verte, black
tea, refreshments, and tobacco. It's much more comfortable than here."

As the poet spoke, he turned and walked toward the stone steps at the
hall's exit.

Just as he took several steps, a blaze erupted from the shadow on his
right, hurtling towards Iraeta like a crimson spear.

Behind Lumian, flames surged around Albus Medici, transforming him into
a crimson spear that collided with the flaming spear attacking the poet.

The member of the Iron and Blood Cross Order transformed into a crimson
spear and flew out with a whoosh, colliding with the flaming spear that
had attacked the poet.

With a resounding crash, the two flaming spears disintegrated, revealing
Albus Medici and the colossal black spider with a withered heart.

The spider emitted a high-frequency squeak, raising its body and
swinging its four thick-furred limbs, resembling scythes that flickered
with a cold light, at Albus Medici.

At the same time, a nearly white-hot spear flew and struck the side of
the black spider, incinerating its hard shell and piercing through it.

It was Elros Einhorn. She seemed prepared and quietly shifted her
position, waiting for the colossal black spider to appear.

In the next moment, agile crimson Fire Ravens followed different
trajectories, rushing into the wound created by the burning-white spear.

*Rumble!*

The fiery explosion within the colossal black spider's body created a
chaotic storm of flames, tearing at its outer carapace and flesh.

Lumian didn't hold back his impressive abilities.

He had started condensing the Fire Raven the moment Albus Medici
confronted the assailant.

The colossal black spider's scythe appendages missed Albus, who had
seized the opportunity to retreat.

Under the relentless assault, the spider emitted a piercing screech that
reverberated within its chitinous shell.

The shriveled, blackened heart behind it suddenly glowed dark red,
creating blazing fireballs.

These fireballs formed a net, enveloping the colossal black spider, and
shot toward Lumian, Albus, and Elros, leaving crimson trails in their
wake.

In contrast, Iraeta, who had been stunned by the superhuman battle, was
ignored and unharmed.

*Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!*

As Lumian and the others dodged the incoming fireballs, one of them shot
deep into the hall, dissipating quickly.

Hidden within the fireball, the colossal black spider seized the
opportunity to break through Lumian and the others' encirclement and
disappear once more.

The crimson flames around them continued to burn. Albus Medici glanced
at the dark-red liquid dripping from the heavily injured black spider
but didn't immediately pursue it. Instead, he smiled at Lumian and said,

"Nice baiting."

Lumian didn't deny it.

He had asked Poet Iraeta to return to the surface alone to lure out the
colossal black spider as bait.

If the spider didn't take the bait, Iraeta would have left the
underground palace without any danger. But if the spider planned to hunt
an ordinary person alone, Lumian was ready to use Spirit World Traversal
and the Spell of Harrumph to protect the target. He aimed to eliminate
the creature, suspected to be a potion ingredient, as quickly as
possible.

With such an opportunity, he wasn't willing to hold back and hide his
trump cards. He wanted to end the battle swiftly to prevent any mishaps.

Unexpectedly, Albus Medici's reaction was quicker than his. Therefore,
Lumian stopped in time and switched to Fire Ravens. He intended to
observe the black spider's combat style and uncover any secrets it might
hold.

Now, Lumian was certain that the colossal black spider was more
formidable than a Black Hunting Spider. If it were the latter, it would
never have escaped the encirclement of three Hunters; it would have
perished from the repeated explosions.

Although it was confirmed that the black spider wasn't equivalent to a
Black Hunting Spider, it was undoubtedly from the Hunter pathway. With
the corresponding Beyonder powers, the special parts on its body could
certainly be used to brew potions.

Lumian turned to Elros and said straightforwardly, "That monster is
different from a Black Hunting Spider. There's a human-like heart on its
back. What's going on?"

Elros gazed at the dark-red blood dripping into the hall's shadows,
pondering for a moment.

"I've never seen such a Beyonder creature before."

She paused for a moment before continuing, "All I know is that if the
owner of Red Swan Castle and many key members of the Sauron family don't
go mad and venture into the depths of the underground palace without
returning, someone will extract their heart and send it somewhere in the
underground palace."

Upon hearing this, Lumian suddenly recalled a scene he had dreamt of due
to the lingering effects of the King's Pie game.

In a bronze coffin surrounded by countless white candles, a hand with
dark-red, almost black blood vessels extended, holding a shriveled,
withered, black heart with some blood seeping out.

*What the fuck is the Sauron family up to?* Lumian couldn't help
but curse inwardly.

What lay in the depths of this underground palace, and how many mutated
monsters lurked within?

At that moment, Poet Iraeta finally snapped out of his daze. He looked
at Lumian and the others in shock, fear, and excitement.

"Are all of you Beyonders capable of using Beyonder powers?"

"You know about Beyonders too?" Albus Medici wore an expression that
suggested he wasn't worthy of knowing.

As Iraeta approached Lumian, he quickly explained, "Seven or eight years
ago, I went to a battlefield to gather material and saw something. I
knew that there were many people in our army who could use superpowers.
They were called Beyonders."

"We do have superpowers, and they look quite similar," Lumian said with
a smile, glancing around. "Do you want to follow us deeper or return to
the surface yourself?"

Iraeta didn't hide his fear and muttered, "Of course, I'll follow you.
Although it's very likely that I'll encounter the large spider again,
it's better than walking alone in the darkness with unknown monsters
lurking around.

"I don't want the last poem of my life to be 'Oh, foolish Iraeta.'"

Lumian pondered for a few seconds and calmly said, "If you wish to
return to the surface, I can escort you to the entrance of the
underground palace."

"Then I'll definitely choose to return!" Iraeta changed his mind without
hesitation.

Lumian then turned to Albus and Elros and asked, "Do you want to join
me, wait here, or venture deeper by yourselves?"

Albus Medici gave Lumian a deep look and sneered.

"I didn't expect you to be such a moral person. You can escort this poet
with a dubious reputation yourself."

His implication was clear: "You must have ulterior motives for escorting
someone out, considering your lack of morals."

He didn't specify if he intended to stay or venture in alone.

"I'm with Albus," Elros, who stood by Albus, replied with a smile,
holding the carbide lamp.

Lumian observed the dark-red blood droplets left by the black spider and
proceeded to ascend the stone steps with Iraeta, using the carbide lamp
for illumination.

In the pitch-black and silent underground, they returned to the corridor
where the wax sculptor and the iron soldiers were.

Poet Iraeta glanced back at the deep darkness below and said to his
sponsor, "Those two shouldn't be simple."

"I know," Lumian replied nonchalantly.

Holding the carbide lamp that emitted a yellowish glow, he advanced at a
moderate pace.

Iraeta walked closely beside him and continued in his usual tone, "The
war between the Loen Kingdom and the Feysac Empire ended over seven
years ago. But Miss Elros mentioned that her father died in the war six
years ago. If I recall correctly, it was likely due to dissatisfaction
with the Feysac Empire's losing treaty, leading to a rebellion. This was
a civil war in the Feysac Empire. Why did Miss Elros mention the Loen
Kingdom?

"Is her father a representative of the extreme faction or a member of
the royal family who perished in the rebellion?"

*A member of the royal family who rebelled? Is that why they fled to
Trier?* Lumian considered the information provided by the
political enthusiast, Iraeta.

Iraeta glanced at his sponsor and continued, "Actually, before today, I
saw Albus Medici elsewhere."

Lumian's curiosity was piqued as he asked, "Where?"

Iraeta glanced around and lowered his voice.

"Sacred Heart Cloister."