---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1901
index: 430
section: vol3
slug: 430
title: '"Reckless"'
---

## Chapter 430: "Reckless"

Sensing Albus and Elros's gazes, Lumian cautiously approached the
injured black spider with the carbide lamp in hand.

As a Hunter, he had a clear grasp of his two teammates' current
mindsets.

It was akin to navigating a dark forest. Everyone assumed the role of
the hunter, but the moment one revealed their vulnerability, they became
the hunted, vulnerable to collective assault.

Albus and Elros desired insights into Lumian's condition and
capabilities.

They harbored doubts that Lumian could easily dispatch the wax sculptor,
believing he must have paid a significant price. Moreover, they aimed to
decipher the precise Sequence of the previous winner of the King's Pie
game and the mystical items he carried.

Lumian had no qualms about eliminating the severely injured black
spider, but he was reluctant to unveil his trump cards---Spirit World
Traversal and the Spell of Harrumph---to Albus and Elros.

As he closed in on the black spider, his thoughts raced, pondering the
most efficient strategy that would incur minimal cost and time, making
the task as straightforward as possible.

Lumian's gaze swept from the torn-open side of the black spider, which
remained trapped in the hall like its kin, dark-red blood oozing out.
With his left hand, he casually retrieved a silver earring from his
pocket and fastened it to his left earlobe.

Lie!

Having fully digested the Pyromaniac potion, Lumian's emotions steadied.
He could now covertly wield the Flog boxing gloves and employ Lie.

Crimson flaming ravens materialized around him.

Almost simultaneously, the colossal black spider reacted. The shriveled
heart within it emitted a dark-red glow, conjuring a plethora of
menacing fireballs, as if weaving a protective crimson net.

*Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!* The Fire Ravens encircling Lumian shot
out, each following a distinct trajectory towards their respective
targets.

Over a hundred crimson fireballs erupted from the black spider's form,
hurtling forward with menacing howls.

*Rumble!*

In an instant, some Fire Ravens were intercepted by the fireballs, while
others detonated them, setting off a series of explosions around the
black spider, causing flames to erupt one after another.

At that precise moment, a brilliant fireball streaked towards the hall's
exit.

Lumian had been awaiting this opening. He raised his left hand and
snapped his fingers.

With a resounding crash, the bright fireball lost its trajectory and
plummeted to the ground.

Instead of detonating, flames billowed upward, revealing the black
spider's figure.

Lumian charged forward, his left hand ablaze with crimson flames.

They coiled, layer upon layer, compressing until they almost turned
white.

Upon reaching the black spider's side, which lay stunned from the
impact, Lumian leaned in and swung his left arm, pressing the blazing
white fireball against the grotesque laceration, allowing it to
penetrate the creature's body.

Amid the frantic thrashing of its limbs, the black spider barely managed
to turn around. Lumian had already capitalized on the moment to lean
back and roll, increasing the distance between them.

His form materialized beside the crimson sea created by the Fire Ravens
and the fireball, distancing himself from the creature's violent aura.

*Boom!*

The white-hot fireball detonated within the black spider's body. The
incineration might not have been visually apparent, but the swift
expansion of gas tore through the Beyonder creature entirely, ejecting
its chitinous shell along with its flesh.

The colossal black spider emitted a spine-chilling screech as its eight
hairy legs frantically recoiled.

Lumian wasted no time, preventing it from regaining its composure. He
condensed a crimson spear that gleamed nearly white and hurled it toward
the creature.

The flaming spear soared through the air, piercing the gaping wound and
pinning the giant black spider to the ground.

The spear disintegrated, setting its insides ablaze. The black spider
writhed a few times before falling silent.

Lumian didn't rush to approach his fallen foe. He turned to Albus and
Elros. With a smile, he removed Lie and said, "It's settled."

As he spoke, he summoned dozens of crimson Fire Ravens and sent them
swooping toward the seemingly lifeless black spider.

*Boom!*

The black spider leaped once more, self-destructing.

It had been pretending to be dead!

Unfortunately for it, Lumian had maintained his distance and didn't fall
into the trap. He only sacrificed a dozen Fire Ravens.

The remaining crimson Fire Ravens swarmed the battered body of the black
spider, restoring "peace" to it.

Upon witnessing this, Albus nodded slowly and grudgingly admitted, "Not
bad."

Elros observed thoughtfully, offering no immediate response to Lumian's
proclamation.

Lumian turned to the motionless black spider, waiting for an iron-black
light to emerge from its body before he approached.

After assessing the black spider's condition, he decided to exploit its
severely injured state. Potential weaknesses included a probable
decrease in Flame Controlling ability and agility. Therefore, he
activated Lie and harnessed its Flame Controlling attributes to match
his own speed and agility.

The iron-black light didn't converge on the black spider's compound eye
as Lumian had anticipated. Instead, it flowed into the shriveled,
blackened heart embedded in its back like a stream.

Lumian halted beside his prey, puzzled by the unfolding scene. After the
Beyonder characteristic seeped out, he decided to collect it before
drawing any conclusions. He carefully removed the shriveled heart, black
compound eyes, and poison glands from the mouth, stashing them in
separate concealed bags and metal canisters.

"Don't tell me you're merely a Pyromaniac and haven't advanced to become
a Conspirer?" Albus taunted.

*You know perfectly well that I only recently became a Pyromaniac when I
joined the Iron and Blood Cross Order...* Lumian grumbled
inwardly. He straightened up and offered a smile.

"That's correct. I'm still just a Pyromaniac."

"Pyromaniacs aren't capable of taking down the wax sculptor..." Elros
mumbled softly.

Albus's gaze briefly flickered towards Lumian's pocket where Lie was
concealed, but he said nothing more.

*See, I'm speaking the truth. If you doubt me and suspect otherwise,
there's little I can do...* Lumian chuckled, picked up the
carbide lamp, and led the way to the exit of the hall.

After traversing another dark corridor, they arrived in a dimly lit
room.

Within the yellowish light, iron-clad soldiers donned in blue coats
adorned with golden threads came into view.

Unlike children's toys, each one stood nearly two meters tall. The
spears they held glinted with a frigid gleam and appeared exceptionally
sharp.

"If they were to come to life, it'd be an entire army," Albus remarked
with a hint of significance.

*Army, soldiers...* Lumian suddenly recollected the desire for
submission in the King's Pie game. He remembered the wax statue's
actions when it attacked him and the evident hierarchy within the Iron
and Blood Cross Order---Brigade Commander, Deputy Brigade Commander,
Commanding Officer, NCO, and Soldier.

In the midst of his musings, Lumian made an educated guess.

*Could the higher ranks of the Hunter pathway involve the military,
obedience, and regimentation?*

*The wax statues resemble soldiers awaiting commands, as do these iron
automata. Could a high-Sequence Beyonder of the Hunter pathway possess
the ability to create specialized soldiers?*

*The underground palace of Red Swan Castle is indeed teeming with the
essence of the Hunter pathway. It's no wonder I encounter creatures from
this pathway so frequently...*

This meant that Lumian didn't have to search. He merely needed to engage
in combat to secure the corresponding rewards.

*What a perilous hunting ground, one that could potentially make me the
prey, yet offers substantial gains!* He sighed deeply.

Lumian observed as Albus Medici summoned layers of compressed white
fireballs and casually sent them gliding across the room.

The fireballs didn't detonate; they hovered silently over the ground,
resting on the shoulders and hats of the iron soldiers.

After the trio departed the room, Albus transferred the carbide lamp to
his left hand, raised his right palm, and snapped his fingers, emulating
Lumian.

*Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!*

In the room behind them, the white-hot fireballs ignited one after
another, setting each other ablaze and causing the ground to quiver
slightly.

Delayed Explosion!

One of Pyromaniac's abilities, Delayed Explosion!

Despite the fact that the iron soldiers in the room were constructed of
metal, they either lost their limbs or internal components under the
formidable shockwave. Some were even buried beneath stone bricks as a
result of the collapsed wall.

Noticing Lumian's gaze, Albus wore a satisfied smile.

"To eliminate concealed threats, just like how you handled those wax
statues."

"I thought you wouldn't dare," Lumian replied with a grin.

Upon witnessing Albus's actions, Lumian discerned his intentions. He was
taken aback that Red Swan Castle's underground palace appeared to
possess a form of self-defense mechanism. No matter how potent the
explosions or flames, their effects were confined to a single room,
preventing spillover.

*Indeed, without such protective measures, Red Swan Castle would have
likely crumbled long ago, given the rampant monsters dwelling
within...* Lumian observed another descending corridor ahead.

At the corridor's terminus stood a pair of hefty iron doors, the dark
surface marred by large splotches of red, as if someone had splattered
blood on them.

Elros took a deep breath and moved ahead of Lumian and Albus.

She reached the door, carefully set down the carbide lamp, extended her
hands, leaned forward, and exerted force.

Amidst a grating sound, the iron-black door slowly swung open.

Lumian's eyelids twitched when he beheld a vast expanse of candlelight.

The bronze coffin from his nightmare was starkly reflected in his
vision.

At that moment, nearly a third of the white candles surrounding the
coffin had been snuffed out, while a substantial portion still burned
brightly.

In the flickering candlelight, the door creaked open. Lumian rapidly
surveyed the area but found no other individuals present.

The three Hunters remained rooted by the door for over ten seconds.

Finally, Albus Medici turned his head and tauntingly asked, "Why aren't
you guys going in?"

"Why did you stop too?" Elros Einhorn inquired instead of responding.

"We're waiting for you to take the lead," Lumian replied with a casual
grin.

This hall was rife with danger and concealed profound secrets.
Naturally, he wanted others to scout the path first!

Lumian realized he wasn't alone in thinking this. Albus and Elros shared
similar sentiments.

Albus withdrew his gaze and let out a soft chuckle.

"Since you're all cowards, I'll have to do it myself."

With that, he abruptly dropped to one knee and placed his hands on the
ground.

Silently, two crimson fire serpents darted toward the bronze coffin.

*Hey!* Lumian's eyes narrowed. He hadn't anticipated Albus would
act so recklessly.

Assaulting the most problematic element without conducting any
investigation?

Elros's expression froze as she instinctively extended her right hand,
as if attempting to halt Albus.