---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1907
index: 436
section: vol3
slug: 436
title: Open and Inclusive Faith
---

## Chapter 436: Open and Inclusive Faith

Lumian had seen a similar three-masted sailboat in the illustrations of
The Adventurer series. It stood out amidst the bustling Lavigny Docks, a
contrast to the inland steamboats, and drew the attention of passersby.

Simultaneously, Lumian felt a warmth in his right palm, which then
subsided.

*What's happening? Has the lingering aura of the Blood Emperor
experienced a change under stimulus? This... this feels like a kind of
resonance...* Lumian pondered in surprise and confusion.

*Could there be a connection between this ancient three-masted sailboat
and Blood Emperor Alista Tudor?*

As Lumian stared at the sailboat, Jenna disembarked from the carriage
and playfully remarked, "You didn't bring me here just to show me this
vintage pirate ship, did you?"

She had read the first two serialized volumes of The Adventurer series
in the newspapers. Books had always been expensive in her family, and
when her father's work-related compensation didn't arrive after his
unfortunate death, her reading opportunities grew scarce. She'd
occasionally find old newspapers used to paste on the wall or for other
purposes and read until sunset.

With the presence of street bards and her mother's bedtime stories, her
spirit remained far from desolate.

Since arriving in the market district and becoming an underground
singer, Jenna had found a means to earn a substantial income. She had
even saved up to purchase a pirated copy of The Adventurer series from
an underground bookseller to finally appreciate the intricate
illustrations. This endeavor often made her feel remorseful for Madam
Fors Wall. She planned to buy an authentic set once she had cleared all
her debts.

To her surprise, her debts only seemed to accumulate.

Lumian withdrew his gaze and replied with a teasing grin, "Consider this
a bonus."

The two of them stood on the harbor's edge, discussing the disparities
between the ancient sailboat and the illustrations from The Adventurer
series.

After a while, Lumian led Jenna to the unassuming The Fool's cathedral.

Jenna looked up at the bell tower and steeple atop the four-story
building, examining the silver symbol comprising an incomplete
Pupil-less Eye and a section of Contorted Lines. Baffled, she inquired,
"Is this a cathedral?"

*Aren't cathedrals supposed to be grander?*

The cathedral of the Eternal Blazing Sun Church in the market district
and Quartier du Jardin Botanique was far more magnificent and sacred in
comparison.

"Yes," Lumian affirmed, leading the way inside.

Jenna trailed closely behind, increasingly surprised by the cathedral's
simplicity.

The stained glass windows were scarce, and there was no ornate gilding
to be found. The cathedral lacked intricate machinery. The only
semblance of religion lay in the massive murals, which seemed to favor
muted colors and subdued illumination.

The most striking feature of the cathedral was the large, numerous
windows. Even on the ground floor, the interior was awash with natural
light.

Jenna's gaze flitted over the murals, and she instinctively felt that
they symbolized guidance and redemption.

It was slightly past 10 a.m., and the cathedral's attendance was sparse.
It was silent, exuding a sense of serenity.

Lumian guided Jenna to the third row of pews facing the altar.

He surveyed their surroundings, his gaze resting on The Fool's Sacred
Emblem before him. In a solemn tone, he disclosed,

"You should be aware that Franca and I are keeping something from you.
There are some secrets we haven't shared with you."

"Yeah," Jenna nodded gently, awaiting Lumian's explanation.

Lumian continued, "As you can tell, Franca and I aren't related. She and
my sister Aurore are close friends who share common interests. Loki and
I Know Someone, whom we dealt with previously, are also part of this
group, but they betrayed others, causing a disaster in Cordu and costing
my sister her life."

"I see..." Jenna replied, having refrained from delving too deeply
previously but having a vague understanding.

Lumian's gaze remained fixed on Mr. Fool's altar.

"There's another connection between Franca and me. We don't believe in
the Eternal Blazing Sun or the God of Steam and Machinery..."

Jenna couldn't help but chuckle.

"I've already guessed it. When have any of you gone to church? I don't
usually see you praying at fixed times!

"At least you know which street Église Saint-Robert is on. Franca might
not even know where the cathedral's door opens to."

She, on the other hand, prayed, listened to the sermons, and attended
Mass at least once a week. This was both a display of piety to the
Purifiers and a habit of faith from all these years.

The only downside was that she often sang at Salle de Bal Brise until
midnight before returning to Rue des Blouses Blanches to sleep. She
couldn't get up to welcome the morning sun and dawn, so she could only
set a fixed prayer time for noon.

"No, I'm not going because I'm a wanted criminal. I can barely be
considered a believer in the Eternal Blazing Sun," Lumian replied with a
smile. Then, he said solemnly, "Franca and I believe in this orthodox
god, the great Mr. Fool."

Lumian pressed his hand to his chest and whispered solemnly, "Praise The
Fool!"

*The Fool...* Jenna found the deity's name peculiar.

After a moment of thought, she asked, "The Fool from tarot cards?"

"Yes, you've guessed it correctly," Lumian affirmed.

Jenna spotted a tall figure in a black trench coat and a half top hat
approaching the altar. She instinctively lowered her head and said with
a hint of smugness,

"I've discovered almost ten decks of tarot cards from Franca, and she
doesn't usually use them for divination."

*That fellow... Could it be that she thought it would be cool to toss a
Two of Cups on the corpse after taking out a target, so she made
preparations?* The more Lumian considered it, the more he felt
that this was Franca's style.

Jenna paused for a moment and asked, "Does The Fool Pharmaceutical
Company also belong to the Church of The Fool?"

"Uh..." Lumian was momentarily caught off guard.

He hadn't given it much thought. Initially, he believed the
pharmaceutical company was named after tarot cards.

Now, it appeared that The Fool from the tarot cards seemed to equal Mr.
Fool!

Lumian hesitated before responding, "Maybe."

He wasn't entirely certain if The Fool Pharmaceutical Company was
affiliated with the Church of The Fool or if it was simply a venture by
a member of the Tarot Club.

Jenna demonstrated her keen insight as she inquired, "You brought me
here not only because it's a safe place for discussing your faith but
also to show that the Church of The Fool is a recognized, mainstream
church capable of constructing a cathedral in Trier."

"You're not as naive as you appear," Lumian turned his head and smiled.
"My third purpose is to ask if you'd consider converting to Mr. Fool?"

"Convert..." Jenna's mind was in a whirl.

Lumian adopted a persuasive tone, saying, "This doesn't conflict with
your contract with the Purifiers. Mr. Fool is an orthodox god
acknowledged by all the Churches. However, the propagation of this faith
is concentrated on the maritime islands and certain regions of the
Southern Continent. Most people in the Northern Continent are unaware of
it."

"But..." Jenna hesitated. "I've never thought about changing my
faith..."

Her faith in the Eternal Blazing Sun couldn't be described as devout or
fanatical, but it was a habit she had cultivated since childhood. She
had also accepted most of the teachings. Until today, the idea of
conversion had never crossed her mind. She didn't feel a strong urge to
change her faith, nor did she harbor any deep dissatisfaction with the
Church.

The only times she'd voiced discontent were during the most challenging
years her family endured, especially after her mother's passing. At
those moments, she occasionally grumbled about the Eternal Blazing Sun,
feeling that He didn't protect true believers. However, these moments
were far from sufficient to motivate a conversion.

Lumian glanced at Jenna's face and offered a reassuring smile.

"It's entirely fine if you don't want to convert. I'm merely suggesting
it. My main concern is ensuring that if you ever find yourself separated
from us during the impending disaster, you know this place is a refuge.
Don't worry, even if you're a believer of the Eternal Blazing Sun, Mr.
Fool's Church will welcome you and provide protection."

Jenna seemed puzzled and asked, "Then why can't I go to Église
Saint-Robert?"

Lumian collected his thoughts and explained, "Franca and I share the
same faith and work for a secret organization. Two days ago, we received
information from the organization.

"There's a problem with the Eternal Blazing Sun Church's Sacred Heart
Cloister, similar to the issues with the Deep Valley Cloister of the God
of Steam and Machinery Church.

"In such a situation, some cathedrals may not be trustworthy, and you
might not be able to distinguish between the reliable and the
unreliable. So, it's better to choose those that are known to be
reliable."

Jenna had personally experienced the troubles at the Deep Valley
Cloister, so she understood the significance of potential problems in
the Sacred Heart Cloister.

She murmured to herself, "Could the catastrophe begin from within the
Churches?"

"Perhaps," Lumian replied, though he couldn't provide a definitive
answer.

At that moment, a towering figure, dressed in a custom-made black trench
coat and a half top hat, approached Lumian and Jenna. He stood at a
towering 2.56 meters, with golden hair and eyes.

He looked at Jenna and asked with a warm smile, "Sister, is this your
first visit to my lord's cathedral?"

"Yes, but I'm here with a friend," Jenna replied. She instinctively
resisted the idea of converting her faith and inquired, "And who are
you?"

"I am the bishop here, Teslian," the half-giant introduced himself with
a confident smile.

Jenna observed his attire, which looked far from conventional clergy
attire.

Teslian turned his gaze to Lumian and continued, "Would you be
interested in hearing me introduce our beacon and savior, the great Mr.
Fool?

"Don't worry. Our lord doesn't compel people to convert, and he doesn't
mind if they believe in him alongside other deities. In turn, believing
in him can also coexist with other beliefs."

"You... you can do that?" Jenna stammered.

This was completely beyond her understanding!

*Which deity would allow their followers to have impure or multiple
beliefs?*

*Additionally, why refer to this deity as 'him' instead of 'Him'? The
latter is the exclusive pronoun for deities! Why address this deity as
'mister'?*

Jenna's mind was filled with questions, and her thoughts were in
disarray.

"Yes, Mr. Fool is known for his compassion and benevolence," the bishop
responded, seeing that Jenna and Lumian didn't object. He then opened
the black Bible with silver patterns and began to preach.