---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1916
index: 445
section: vol3
slug: 445
title: Spoils of War
---

## Chapter 445: Spoils of War

Lumian was flabbergasted.

*You can do that?*

After careful consideration, he realized that it was indeed possible.
The mystical knowledge that came with the boon only stated that if bad
luck hadn't been transferred and returned to the original individual, it
couldn't be affected by the Luck Transference Spell. It didn't mention
anything about whether people whose fates had been altered by cursed
gold coins and other items could be transferred again.

*I can't underestimate others. Although they are mostly foolish and not
very clever, they occasionally come up with strange ideas and unusual
methods. Aurore had once said that no matter how foolish a person is,
they will always succeed once after thinking a thousand times...
*As a Conspirer, Lumian couldn't ignore such a possibility.
Otherwise, he might stumble over a proverbial obstacle sooner or later
and fall hard. This experience provided Lumian with valuable insight.

Since he didn't show any signs of losing control or the potion's power
dissipating after advancing to Conspirer, and he had already digested a
bit of the potion, Lumian could pray for the Ascetic boon in a few days
and gain the ability to establish a new balance.

Lumian gazed at the calf "sitting" there with difficulty and pondered.

"Can one keep repeating this process?"

Bouvard's hooves tapped on the brass mechanical keyboard, while Jenna
read the contents of the paper.

"With each transfer of luck, the river of fate will undergo a certain
change and advance to a higher level. This will result in misfortune
occurring sooner. The difficulty of stirring it will also keep
increasing.

"Two or three more people's fates on the gold coin of misfortune aren't
something Ascetics can stir. The same goes for the unlucky banknote.

"An Alms Monk can only maintain one item of fate at a time, while an
Ascetic can manage two."

The unlucky banknote referred to a single 20 verl d'or banknote that had
originally been stored in the grayish-blue cloth bag. On the front was a
bust of Intis's first president, Levanx, and a large dock on the Srenzo
River.

*So it wasn't that you didn't want more gold coins of misfortune, but
you couldn't make them...* Lumian nodded slowly.

"How much longer can the gold coins of misfortune and unlucky banknotes
last?"

"Ten days." The calf quickly typed out two words.

Franca had heard Lumian mention the Luck Transference Spell, instructing
her and Jenna to carefully distinguish spoils of war when facing those
on the Inevitability pathway and not to touch anything they shouldn't.

Listening to their conversation, she muttered silently, *What unlucky
banknotes? I think they're life-threatening banknotes!*

*Before I transmigrated, I knew a little about such sorcery, but I
thought it was fake and rooted in feudal superstition. But now, it seems
that humans' thoughts and beliefs are similar in similar environments.
Even the sorcery they create is relatively similar. Or could there be
traces of an Inevitability evil god or a deity in a similar domain in
our world?*

Lumian pointed at the two metal canisters beside the gold coin of
misfortune and the unlucky banknote and inquired, "What are they?"

"They're all Prophetic Concoctions," Jenna recited the sentence typed by
the calf.

*Prophetic Concoctions? I've always found them troublesome, so I didn't
make them. Besides, if I were to find a corpse and administer the
Prophetic Concoction, I might be secretly influenced by Termiboros,
resulting in inaccuracies or misleading outcomes.* Lumian
shifted his attention to the item he found in Bouvard Pont-Péro's other
pocket.

It was a monocle---something Lumian didn't dare to recognize---with a
peculiar design.

Its main body was a thick, circular cover made of pale-white flesh and
dark blood vessels, as if it could be worn directly over one's ear.

One end of the circle extended, connecting to a lens intertwined with a
transparent purple tube, still flowing with blood.

Just now, when Franca put on her gloves and took out the item, a strange
and illusory voice echoed in her ears, but she couldn't hear it clearly.

"What's this?" Lumian asked.

Bouvard tapped on the mechanical typewriter's keyboard.

"A dangerous mystical item. I call it the Eye of Truth.

"It seems to have been severely corrupted. All that's left is the
ability to see through illusions and perceive the truth, the light of
spirituality. If you wear it, you can hear the voice of some hidden
entity at any moment and experience an irresistible negative influence.

"If you only carry it and don't touch it with your body, you'll only
experience faint tinnitus and auditory hallucinations."

*An incomplete Eyes of Mystery Prying...* Lumian fell silent for
a few seconds before asking, "Don't you have any ritual sheepskin or dog
skin?"

"There are three ritualistic dog skins back home," the calf eagerly
shared. He took the initiative to provide details even without Lumian
asking. "The incantation for usage is 'Circle,' and the dispelling
incantation is 'Arrangement of Fate.' Any language that can stir
supernatural powers is fine."

*Quite devout...* Lumian exhaled and smiled.

"What other valuable items do you have at home?"

"There are banknotes worth over 13,000; gold coins, gold bars, and
accessories currently valued at 30,000 verl d'or; 20,000 verl d'or worth
of stocks and bonds, and real estate deeds for three houses." The calf
listed his assets.

*Stocks? I need to secure those stocks and sell them on the black
market. Who knows if they will crash tomorrow!* Franca keenly
caught the keywords relevant to her.

*Real estate that can't be easily discovered by official Beyonders and
is difficult to liquidate with more than 60,000 verl d'or... As expected
of the liaison responsible for a portion of the Sinners organization's
believers and corresponding businesses...* Lumian immediately
inquired about the whereabouts of Bouvard's residence.

Finally, Lumian inquired about the other liaisons and important members
of the Sinners organization, but Bouvard had limited knowledge. They
mainly had one-way contact with the Sansons and handled their own
specific tasks. Interaction with other members was minimal, with
occasional meetings at the Sansons' residence once or twice.

Lumian listened quietly but didn't immediately decide Bouvard's fate.
Instead, he turned to Franca, Jenna, and Anthony Reid, who was waiting
outside the door, avoiding Bouvard's sight.

"With Paulina's assets, we'll gain 75,000 verl d'or, the Eye of Truth,
three ritual dog skins, two bottles of Prophetic Concoction, a gold coin
of misfortune, and an unlucky banknote," Lumian explained.

"None of you can take the last two items. Only I can carry them. In
addition to them, I want the Eye of Truth and a ritualistic dog skin.
You decide what spoils of war you want."

Jenna cast her gaze at Franca, feeling that her companion's "sacrifice"
was somewhat excessive. She had the right to choose first.

Franca dispelled her invisibility and considered her options. She
finally said, "I want the two bottles of Prophetic Concoction and a
ritual dog skin. Well, forget it, I can't get used to it yet. I'll
switch to 15,000 verl d'or, all in gold!"

Jenna then turned her gaze to the door, signaling to Anthony Reid to
make his choice.

Anthony's voice quickly reached their ears.

"I want two ritualistic dog skins. They'll be very useful to me. Ciel,
I'll need your help when the time comes.

"Oh, and another 20,000 verl d'or."

Jenna realized that she had a total of 40,000 verl d'or left for her own
selection.

She looked at Lumian with a touch of uncertainty.

"I'm essentially working for you as interest payment."

Lumian replied with a smile, "There are spoils of war even for work.
Take them all. Have you noticed that making money has become easier
since advancing to Sequence 7?"

Jenna pondered for a moment before saying, "Alright, I'll return 25,000
to you and 15,000 to Franca."

With this decision, Jenna's debt was significantly reduced, and she no
longer owed Lumian anymore. The speed at which she was amassing wealth
had surpassed her expectations.

As Lumian and the others discussed the distribution of the spoils of
war, Bouvard couldn't help but find the situation intriguing. Most of
the items they were talking about had once belonged to him.

He observed them engrossed in their discussion, and even the Demoness,
who had been invisibly monitoring him, seemed to relax her vigilance.
His heart stirred.

He sensed that Lumian wasn't an Ascetic, as he had questioned about
those abilities. This indicated that the ritualistic cowhide covering
him likely originated from Guillaume Bénet. The fact that he hadn't been
awakened by the power of Inevitability while unconscious suggested that
it wasn't a live ritual.

Bouvard was well aware of Guillaume Bénet's Animal Creation Spell item's
usage and dispelling incantations.

After a prolonged interrogation, Bouvard's spirituality had somewhat
recovered. He began to secretly gather his focus, preparing to recite
the incantation of "His Grace."

However, just as the first word echoed within the brown cowhide,
Bouvard's eyes narrowed when he realized that Lumian was looking at him
with a faint smile.

"Hmph!"

Two beams of white light shot out and rendered Bouvard unconscious once
more.

Lumian looked at the collapsed calf and chuckled.

"The test is completed. There are no other secrets. He only possesses
the padre's dispelling incantation."

Rather than dealing with Bouvard first, Lumian had discussed the
distribution of the spoils of war, hoping to uncover any additional
secrets held by the Sinners organization's liaison, who had somewhat
recovered spiritually.

Franca glanced at the unconscious calf and subtly hinted, "Should we
take him away?"

Her suggestion implied taking Bouvard to the pillared square in the
catacombs for sacrificial purposes, potentially preventing some of the
boon's power from returning and forming Beyonder items.

Lumian considered for a moment before responding, "We might be
discovered. Let's deal with him here."

Lumian couldn't teleport Bouvard to a specific area in the catacombs
from the outside world. Various entrances were guarded by tomb
administrators, and any suspicious activity might trigger their
intervention or a police report.

"Alright," Franca responded after a brief pause. She added with
anticipation, "I happen to want to try the Prophetic Concoction."

This experiment required a recently deceased corpse, one that had not
been purified or cremated and had been dead for less than seven days.

Lumian stood up and gestured toward the door.

"Call me when Bouvard is dead."

He carried the Flog boxing gloves with him as he left the scene. Staying
in the vicinity might disrupt the return of the boon's power.

Franca acknowledged his instructions and then turned to Jenna with a
mischievous smile.

"Take care of this. This is your chance to act as a Witch."

"Can this be used to act as a Witch?" Jenna had previously found the
Sequence name of Witch to be abstract and comprehensive, and she hadn't
yet thought of a specific way to act as one.

Franca smiled and explained, "In mysticism, Witches are often associated
with negative forces that bring catastrophe. They are seen as possessing
mystical, evil, and powerful traits.

"Imagine this: a woman using black flames to kill someone and then
pumping their corpse with a strange concoction to make prophecies about
the future. It's sinister and mysterious, just like a Witch."