---
category: Volume 3
discussion: 1960
index: 489
section: vol3
slug: 489
title: Greed
---

## Chapter 489: Greed

Despite the severe corruption of the Eye of Truth, its ability to hear
the voices of a hidden entity at any moment, and the risk of
encountering uncontrollable negative effects, Lumian trusted that Fourth
Epoch Trier, with its potent seal isolating external influences,
provided a safeguard. Even the boons of evil gods couldn't trace back to
their source, making it unlikely for him to hear the Hidden Sage's
ravings.

In this realm, there should be no adverse effects when using the Eye of
Truth, especially within the mirror's Fourth Epoch Trier.

However, Lumian acknowledged the potential presence of a fallen Angel
from the Mystery Pryer pathway or remnants of corresponding divine
power. Even with the Eye of Truth, there was a chance of hearing voices
he shouldn't. Consequently, Lumian didn't plan to use it extensively. He
intended to locate Mirror Gardner Martin and remove the mystical item
when the opportunity presented itself.

Through the lens affixed to his eye, Lumian discerned nearly invisible
spider silk swaying around Franca, subtly influencing male Jenna and the
other Mirror People.

Similarly, male Franca had created a plethora of spider silks, utterly
unaffected by the constraints of the term "Witch."

Lumian also took note of the fine snake-like black hair covering the
area. They manifested and disappeared, delicately caressing every living
being they touched. Their origin seemed to be the black pillar extending
into the sky.

Concurrently, Lumian's left eye reflected Mirror Gardner Martin.

Concealed beside a grayish-white stone pillar, he seemed invisible.

Without hesitation, Lumian activated the black mark on his right
shoulder, the fifth time since becoming an Ascetic.

With the Eye of Truth in place, he instantaneously vanished, reappearing
behind Mirror Gardner.

The corners of Lumian's mouth curled up as he swung his right fist at
his exposed foe, who had just realized his concealment had been
shattered and had no time to react.

His hands were encased in iron-black boxing gloves adorned with multiple
short thorns.

Flog!

In the midst of Mirror Gardner's attempt to lunge forward and transform
into a burning-white spear, flying to the opposite side to distance
himself, Lumian landed a punch behind his ear.

In a haste, Mirror Gardner could only duck, abruptly contorting as if he
were boneless, attempting to somersault away.

*Bang!*

Lumian's right fist connected with Mirror Gardner's right shoulder.

The impact distorted the other's shoulder, causing his body to stagger,
nearly losing balance.

Mirror Gardner's combat prowess proved formidable. Despite tumbling to
the ground, he seized the opportunity to pivot.

He was unfazed by the potential of the white beams or being shot in the
head; he still possessed Mirror Substitution!

Confronting Lumian, who lunged at him with blood still dripping from his
iron-black boxing gloves, Mirror Gardner smiled, his eyes reflecting
blatant greed.

This time, Lumian opted to trigger Greed!

In an instant, Mirror Gardner ignited with blazing-white flames,
morphing into a spear charging at Lumian.

At this range, he doubted that Lumian could evade the impending attack.

Having committed to close combat, he had to bear the
consequences---rendered unable to fully utilize Spirit World Traversal!

Lumian didn't attempt to dodge, nor did he plan to. He swiftly adjusted
his posture, watching as the blazing-white spear collided with his right
chest.

His defense against flames was robust. The blazing-white spear took
nearly two seconds to burn through his skin and flesh.

Yet, Lumian maintained a smile on his face. The pain only contorted his
countenance, a testament to the resilience of an Ascetic.

Anthony Reid's Placate had indeed restored Lumian's composure, but the
psychological issues brought to light lingered for the time being.

With two resounding bangs, Lumian seized the opportunity to deliver a
left and right punch to the burning-white spear.

He exploited every chance to kindle Mirror Gardner's desires and
emotions.

Ultimately, the blazing-white spear pierced Lumian's right chest,
propelling him more than ten meters through the air.

Lumian's smile retained a touch of frenzy. Adorned with a silver
earring, he withdrew his right palm, pressed against the grievous wound
on his chest, and slid downward.

The injury swiftly spread to his abdomen, and almost-white crimson
flames erupted from Lumian's palm, consuming his mangled flesh.

He willingly accepted increased risk in the future to mitigate the
impact of his injuries.

With that, his figure melded into the void.

Just as Mirror Gardner emerged from the dissipating blazing-white
flaming spear, Lumian materialized behind him.

*Bang! Bang!*

Lumian swung his fists again, targeting Mirror Gardner's arms, denying
him a chance to catch his breath.

He opted not to strike vital points, fearing that excessive damage might
trigger Mirror Substitution.

As Mirror Gardner transformed into a blazing-white spear to assail
Lumian, female Lumian, intending to "teleport" over to assist, stood
stunned, as if temporarily losing autonomy.

Likewise, both male Franca and male Jenna exhibited similar reactions,
as if their resemblance to real people had momentarily waned.

Franca and Jenna, in dire straits, seized the opportunity to catch their
breath.

Although they didn't immediately comprehend the reason, they keenly
sensed that Mirror Gardner held the key to the problem.

Lumian's assault on the leader had brought about such a change!

Franca, relying on her experience, swiftly instructed Jenna, "Give me
that... Cough! Arrow!"

She needed the potent self-healing abilities of the Arrow of the
Bloodthirsty to withstand the infectious disease and recuperate to a
relatively healthy state within a specific timeframe. Franca aimed to
delay female Lumian and the other Mirror People, creating an optimal
environment for Lumian to confront Mirror Gardner solo.

Her only hope rested on Lumian catalyzing positive changes before the
infection and illness exacerbated, outpacing the effectiveness of her
self-healing abilities.

Jenna had intended to use the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty herself. Despite
having used it twice already---with another use risking a collapse of
her body---she was willing to disregard the consequences in the current
dire situation.

However, upon hearing Franca's request, she hesitated momentarily before
tossing the obsidian arrow to Franca.

From Jenna's perspective, Franca, a Sequence 6 Demoness of Pleasure
armed with numerous mystical items, possessed significantly more
strength than herself. Thus, Franca's temporary recovery held greater
benefit for the ongoing battle.

Franca caught the Arrow of the Bloodthirsty and plunged it into her
chest.

Observing that female Lumian and the other Mirror People had regained
their composure, becoming lively once again,

Franca's lake-blue eyes silently transformed to a fiery red. The rubber
band securing her ponytail snapped as if corroded, allowing her
flaxen-colored hair to billow in the air, enhancing her enchanting
allure.

Her increasingly frequent coughs momentarily subsided, and the invisible
"spider silk" surrounding her ceased its gradual, silent encroachment on
male Franca, male Jenna, and female Lumian, no longer tightening and
ensnaring them layer by layer.

Like mirror images, Franca and Jenna felt their bodies grow heavy, their
limbs constricted.

From the outset, male Franca had been covertly using spider silk. Only
when there was no way to further ensnare them layer by layer in secret
did he reveal it.

In an instant, Franca and the others were immobilized. Female Lumian,
who had just teleported over, was the least affected by the spider silk
and was skilled in using flames. She swiftly activated Spirit World
Traversal in a crimson light, heading towards Lumian and Mirror
Gardner's battlefield.

Taking advantage of the momentary pause in female Anthony's actions,
Anthony could finally counterattack.

Enduring the terrifying cough, dizziness, and fever, he raised the
revolver purchased from the black market and pulled the trigger at the
Mirror Person, clearly more charming than him.

At that moment, no one interrupted their "internecine attacks."

Amidst the gunshots, female Anthony shattered into numerous fragments.

Upon reappearing nearby, she didn't immediately rush to rescue Mirror
Gardner. Instead, she continued pursuing Anthony amidst her soaring
desire for achievement.

Amidst the sounds of flesh colliding, Lumian landed multiple punches on
Mirror Gardner, sending waves of pain through the powerful Beyonder's
head and stoking his anger.

His greed made him reluctant to abandon the other four Mirror People and
the advantage his side enjoyed on other battlefields. However, if he
didn't give up, he wouldn't be able to focus on dealing with Lumian. He
found himself restricted in every way and faced a disadvantaged
situation.

This was why Lumian had chosen to trigger his Greed!

*Bang!*

Lumian tightened his fists, delivering a powerful blow to Mirror
Gardner.

Mirror Gardner crashed to the ground, instinctively summoning a swarm of
crimson, almost white fireballs for protection.

This caught female Lumian off guard as she had just teleported over.

Unfazed by the nearly-white crimson fireballs, Lumian swiftly teleported
toward Mirror Gardner.

The safest spot was, of course, where the caster stood!

Amidst the explosive chaos, Lumian gritted his teeth against the searing
pain in his back and landed another punch on Mirror Gardner's face.

The short thorns on the iron-black boxing gloves pierced through skin
and flesh.

Suddenly, Mirror Gardner Martin's gaze froze, blood streaming from his
eyes, nose, and other wounds.

The intense greed within him erupted, not killing or knocking him out
but weakening and disorienting him.

In this dazed state, whether it was female Lumian, male Franca, male
Jenna, or female Anthony, they all froze in place. Their bodies rapidly
faded, growing more translucent until they vanished.

Witnessing the scene, Lumian straightened up, removing the Flog boxing
gloves. He tossed them to Franca and Jenna, ensuring each had one.

Franca noticed the residual blood and grasped Lumian's intent
immediately.

Dipping her hand into the blood, she retrieved a mirror, ready to cast a
curse.

Lumian had three reasons for opting for the Flog boxing gloves:

Firstly, the ability to stir desires wouldn't trigger Mirror
Substitution. Secondly, as a mystical item, it could attract the
attention of dangerous entities, causing unpredictable changes that
might lead to opportunities amid the chaos.

Thirdly, it provided a chance to "collect" a curse's medium---the
target's blood!

Even if his triggered greed couldn't be controlled, leading to Mirror
Gardner's Mirror Substitution, Lumian planned to seize the moment when
the other Mirror People were temporarily affected. He would throw the
Flog boxing gloves to Franca and Jenna, aiding them in intercepting the
attacks.

Repeatedly cursing with the possession of the blood, Lumian aimed to
challenge how many times Mirror Substitution could be used and find an
opportunity to sever the connection.

Flames erupted around Lumian as he transformed into a fireball,
distancing himself from Mirror Gardner.

Just as he was about to remove the Eye of Truth, a peculiar sound caught
his attention.