---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1968
index: 497
section: vol4
slug: 497
title: The Fragment's Origins
---

## Chapter 497: The Fragment's Origins

Mr. K didn't impose any specific requests for Lumian's journey to
Feynapotter. He merely reiterated that Lumian could utilize the finger
anytime he faced challenges. As long as he wasn't in a unique
environment, the Aurora Order Oracle could sense it through the blood
connection and offer prompt assistance.

*Sensing it over quite a long distance. As expected of being a part of
your body... I wonder if Demonesses can complete a curse after obtaining
this finger...* Lumian bade farewell to Mr. K, his thoughts
drifting, and exited the opulent beige house at 19 Rue Scheer.

*†*

In Trocadéro Town, at the entrance of the manor surrounded by
grapevines, Franca caught sight of Browns Sauron, her long orange-red
hair cascading down like a waterfall.

The Demoness smirked mockingly and said, "I heard your lover is dead?"

"Did you just drink the Provoker potion?" Franca retorted without
backing down. "Could it be that members of the Sauron family carry a
Provoker trait from birth?"

Without waiting for Browns's response, Franca walked past her,
chuckling.

"Yes, Gardner Martin is indeed dead. I killed him myself."

Browns's pupils dilated as she turned her head in surprise to gaze upon
Franca's side profile. She saw that the new Demoness had a faint smile
on her face, but her eyes were deep and dark---a mix of pleasure and
pain, solemn and ruthless.

Franca considered adding, "I was even present to hear your ancestor's
scream while being killed," but that would expose her grasp of extensive
secret intel and mysticism knowledge that she ought not to have at her
level. It would arouse the Demoness Sect's suspicion, so she abandoned
the idea. As she advanced, she smiled and said, "Then, I found the item
Gardner Martin and his collaborators smuggled into Trier through the
catacombs."

"You've found it. What is it?" Browns hadn't expected Franca to complete
this mission, a mix of surprise and a tinge of jealousy crossing her
features.

Franca didn't hide anything. This was her purpose in coming to Demoness
of Black Clarice.

She produced the pitch-black figurine with its hair facing the opposite
direction of the orthodox version and waved it in front of Browns.

Browns's expression froze, as if she had seen something terrifying.

"W-why? How is it appearing here...?" The Demoness of Pleasure's voice
trailed off, her tone filled with unconcealable shock.

Franca seized the opportunity to ask, "You know what it is?"

Browns snapped out of her daze, her eyes flickering as she said, "My
teacher will tell you."

Franca didn't press further and changed the subject with a smile.

"Why does your teacher call herself the Demoness of Black? Wouldn't any
ordinary person consider a Demoness a derogatory term?"

"Everyone has different aesthetic standards. Some like to call
themselves Saintesses, while others find Demonesses cool. They have a
unique and unorthodox flair." Browns appeared more inclined to the
latter.

Franca pondered seriously, *Men retain their youthful spirit even in
death. Is there such excessive self-awareness? Even if they were once
men..*. She realized that if someone called her a Demoness of
XX, she would probably feel a strange sense of smugness despite her
embarrassment. However, if it were Saintess, she would definitely have
goosebumps---her toes cringing so bad that they could dig a hole and
bury herself in it.

Before long, Franca encountered the Demoness of Black at the circular
pavilion amidst the grapevines and numerous vines.

Clarice's dark gray eyes, tinged with melancholy, swept across Franca's
face and the black Primordial Demoness figurine in her hand.

Her gaze lingered on the latter for a few seconds before she said, "Did
you obtain this from the Iron and Blood Cross Order?"

"Yes, I did." Franca took the initiative to recount the previous night's
encounter.

She recounted from the moment she failed to tail the Carbonari member
until how she and Anthony Reid mysteriously entered the sealed Fourth
Epoch Trier under the influence of the Primordial Demoness figurine and
the ancient silver mirror despite clearly being in Apartment 601 at 3
Rue des Blouses Blanches.

She didn't hide the existence of the ancient silver mirror anymore. She
only said that she had accidentally obtained it underground a few months
ago. This time, it had some effect but disappeared without a trace after
they sank underground.

Everything she said was the truth---every word the truth.

Demoness of Black Clarice interrupted Franca's account and asked
thoughtfully, "Did you run into Gardner Martin as soon as you entered?"

Although she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she seemed to foresee the
development.

"Yes, there was also that Carbonari member. He's General Philip, who
faked his death. This strange figurine was found on him," Franca replied
truthfully. "At that time, Anthony and I nearly died at Gardner and
Philip's hands. Fortunately, Ciel and Jenna inexplicably entered and
were hidden nearby."

She briefly recounted the battle and deliberately redirected Jenna's
ability towards Vampires.

After listening for a while, the Demoness of Black raised her right hand
and gently stroked her face.

"You said that there was an area in the wilderness with chaotic weather
in the distance, and there was a giant figure surrounded by hurricanes
and thick fog?"

"Yes, we also heard his roar and nearly lost control. Fortunately, we
entered the gray fog-shrouded city in time. The commotion outside became
very muffled." Franca hadn't expected the Demoness of Black to be so
concerned about the giant.

Clarice listened quietly and let out a soft sigh. She felt a mix of
sorrow, disappointment, and indescribable relief, making her feel
exceptionally pitiful.

Browns looked at her teacher with a puzzled expression, as if she didn't
understand why the Demoness of Black had such a reaction.

Franca was puzzled at first, but then her heart skipped a beat.

*Browns belongs to the Sauron family. Could it be the same for the
Demoness of Black?*

*Could they be a branch of the Sauron family that had pledged allegiance
to the Demoness Sect?*

*However, the Demoness of Black's hair and eyes don't resemble those of
a genuine Sauron family member...*

*If they are all from the Sauron family, could the Demoness of Black be
Browns's relative, or even her father or mother, leading to Browns's
current state?*

*Had the Demoness of Black heard about Vermonda Sauron's current
situation and understood the Iron and Blood Cross Order's scheme? Is
that why she's so emotional?*

As these thoughts raced through Franca's mind, she continued to recount
the battle between the four of them and Mirror Gardner. Finally, she
took out the pitch-black Mirror World Fragment.

"Your Excellency Demoness of Black, what's this? And what's this
figurine?"

Demoness of Black Clarice gazed at the Mirror World Fragment and the
black Primordial Demoness figurine and said, "In conventional mysticism,
the mirror world isn't a true world. It's an amalgamation of the concept
of doors, connected to mirrors and alternate spaces. However, many
members of our Demoness Sect are aware that in certain special places,
for specific reasons, there are a few mirror worlds with monsters. You
encountered one of them, and this is a fragment of that world..."

She briefly recounted what Franca already knew about the Mirror World
Fragment. Finally, she said, "This should have been handed over to me
for a reward, but according to your description, many underground Mirror
People have already infiltrated Trier. This fragment can help you track
them, find them, and eliminate them. You can keep it for a while until
the mission is completed.

"Hmm, this is your next mission. Clean up Trier's Mirror People and
gather any similar fragments that might be on them."

*The origins and effects are the same as what Madam Magician said. From
the looks of it, Clarice wasn't lying to me... Sigh, my next mission is
in Trier. I can't follow Ciel to Feynapotter to search for Bard and
company... At critical moments, I can get him to 'teleport' me there to
provide help...* Franca sighed inwardly and said, "Yes, Your
Excellency Demoness of Black."

The Demoness of Black continued, "This figurine originates from one of
the special mirror worlds.

"We believe in the Primordial One in reality. The Mirror People believe
in the mirrored Primordial One, but it's actually just a projection of
the Primordial One in the mirror."

*Just as I suspected... The Primordial Demoness's projection in the
mirror underwent an abnormality and gained self-awareness, causing Her
condition to worsen? Or is Clarice not telling the entire
truth?* Under the Demoness of Black's instructions, Franca
handed over the special figurine.

Clarice nodded slightly and said, "You completed the Iron and Blood
Cross Order mission better than I expected by retrieving this special
figurine. What reward do you want?"

Franca didn't hesitate and answered, "The potion formula for Affliction,
or perhaps a mystical item that allows me to traverse the spirit world."

The Demoness of Black revealed an inconspicuous smile.

"This time, I'll give you the potion formula for Affliction. Once you
complete your next mission, you can choose a mystical item with the
Spirit World Traversal ability."

Does that mean I can't exchange my contributions for teleportation-type
items this time, but they surpass the value of the Demoness of
Affliction formula? I can save a portion and exchange them together when
I make other contributions? Franca pondered for a moment and said,
"Okay."

Demoness of Black Clarice raised her right hand and swiped at the void.

Franca immediately noticed numerous dark Hermes words outlined on the
watery surface at the edge of the circular pavilion.

"Affliction potion formula:

"Sequence: 5;

"Main ingredient: Flower-Faced Bat's head, Two-Tailed Black Snake's
gallbladder;

"Supplementary ingredients: 30 milliliters of Flower-Faced Bat blood, 50
milliliters of a seriously ill human's blood, tail tip of the Two-Tailed
Black Snake, 10 drops of Enfinitas Eucalyptus essential oil;

"Ritual: Without substitutes, be burned at the stake for fifteen minutes
and survive without going mad."

*Hiss... Just reading the description hurts...* Franca couldn't
help but shrink back.

After memorizing the potion formula, she left the manor with Browns.

Demoness of Black Clarice watched her silently as she retrieved an item
from a hidden pocket in her black court dress.

It was a pitch-black mirror fragment.

It bore a striking resemblance to Franca's Mirror World Fragment, albeit
with an irregular fracture at the edge.