---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1970
index: 499
section: vol4
slug: 499
title: Minor Arcana Card
---

## Chapter 499: Minor Arcana Card

Jenna briefed the three Purifiers about their investigation of Hostel,
emphasizing the encounter with a cyborg monk from the Deep Valley
Cloister underground, who carried a load of paints and brushes. As they
subsequently investigated, Ciel and she stumbled upon a tunnel collapse
during an earthquake-like upheaval, leading them to fall into the
painting's world.

Imre couldn't hide his disbelief, interrupting Jenna with a skeptical
tone. "You just fell into the painting world like that?"

*Seems too coincidental?*

*The coincidence seems so unreal that even best-selling authors wouldn't
concoct such a plot twist!*

Valentine muttered to himself, "Could it be a miracle from God?"

Jenna nodded, recalling her initial disbelief when she first laid eyes
on the painting's market district. "Yes, it was hard to believe at
first."

Angoulême, with a subtle gesture of his right hand, signaled Imre and
Valentine not to press further, allowing Celia Bello to continue.

Jenna shifted her focus to Séraphine and Gabriel's detailed description
of Hostel, delving into her and Ciel's harrowing escape, encounters with
pixies, and the relentless attacks from the other "Rooms."

Upon grasping the significance of "Hostel" and "Rooms," Valentine's mind
churned with contemplation, making a vital connection.

"Each room harbors a 'resident,' akin to concealing immense power within
one's body, allowing a portion of it to leak out... Where have I seen
such a state before..."

As images and information flashed through Valentine's mind, he looked
up, interrupting Jenna's narrative with a probing question.

"What's Ciel's true identity?"

When the Purifiers plastered the wanted posters across the city, they
were onto Ciel Dubois and his fake identity cooked up by the Savoie Mob.
The police headquarters had their hands full interrogating the captured
Savoie Mob members, digging for any shreds of information about Ciel
Dubois's background.

Jenna understood that now that he was wanted, Ciel couldn't conceal his
true identity further. After some consideration, she smiled and said,

"Don't you know?

"His real name is Lumian Lee---also a wanted criminal from Cordu in the
south."

*Lumian Lee...* Valentine's eyelids twitched as he realized his
suspicions were correct.

Jenna glanced at him and softly "explained," "Ciel joined the Savoie Mob
and the Iron and Blood Cross Order to enhance himself and seek revenge
on the evil gods' bestowed. He played a crucial role in this matter.
Without his investigation, the Hostel ritual wouldn't have been brought
forward, and the catastrophe would have been even more severe. Though he
claims it's to finish off the bestowed of evil gods, deep down, he
doesn't want others to suffer the same fate after he experienced a
disaster."

Valentine's expression eased, revealing a mix of regret and relief.

He sighed, acknowledging, "He is indeed a devout follower of God.
Unfortunately, fate and those malevolent forces pushed him into the
darkness."

Jenna, muttering silently, *A devout follower... I'm afraid you have
some unnecessary misunderstandings about Ciel.*

Angoulême responded to the revelation with a self-deprecating smile.

"I didn't expect the one preventing the catastrophe from escalating last
night to be a wanted criminal, a member of an evil organization. Even
without standing in the light, one can still be a hero."

Jenna agreed with this sentiment, choosing not to divulge the pixies'
reference to Lumian as Room 1. Instead, she focused on the escape from
the painting world, describing their emergence in the wilderness outside
Fourth Epoch Trier after passing through the darkness corresponding to
the Salle de Bal Brise at sunrise.

She detailed the collapsed grayish-white stone pillar, the distant
giant's figure, General Philip's feigned death, the black Primordial
Demoness figurine, Mirror Gardner Martin, the terrifying roar, the
descending sun, the reddened sky, and the rain of fire. However, she
discreetly omitted the specifics of the ensuing battle.

Angoulême and the rest wisely held back from prying too much. Among wild
Beyonders, certain intel could fetch a handsome sum, but the details of
their abilities and combat techniques were strictly confidential.

"Finally, we obtained the figurine and the fragment left behind by
Mirror Gardner, left the seal, and returned to the normal underground,"
Jenna continued. Though the first half of her sentence wasn't directly
related to the second half, it created an impression of how they left
Fourth Epoch Trier.

"The complexity of the matter is beyond imagination, and it involves a
high-level power," Angoulême sighed softly.

They had no idea what had happened for the sun to rise from the Sacred
Heart Cloister last night, nor did they understand why it had fallen
into the Fourth Epoch Trier's seal. They felt that it had something to
do with an Angel-level battle.

"Where is the figurine and the mirror fragment?" Valentine asked
anxiously.

Jenna couldn't be more honest. "It's with Franca."

Angoulême nodded gently.

"Where's the full-body armor?"

This was linked to the deaths of his two former colleagues.

Of course, Gardner Martin's death could be seen as a form of successful
"revenge."

"Magic Mirror Divination revealed a terrifying betrayal curse associated
with it. Gardner Martin's fate served as proof. None of us dared to take
the risk. Ultimately, we left it with Ciel." Jenna, even as a Witch,
found the curse to be exaggerated and ridiculous.

After a brief silence, Angoulême addressed the issue, "If you encounter
Ciel again, tell him he can sell us the armor."

Jenna nodded in agreement, and the Purifier deacon got serious.

"The intel you provided is very important. What kind of compensation do
you want?"

"The potion formula for Pleasure and all the ingredients," Jenna
replied, intending to set a high starting point for negotiation.

This came from years of bargaining experience.

Angoulême glanced at the Witch and said, "Are you planning to leave the
market district too?"

"That's right." Jenna smiled sadly and self-deprecatingly. "Witches
bring catastrophe. I don't want to impact the people here. No wonder the
Witches in stories always live in the dark forest, away from people.
However, I'll return occasionally and remain your informant. You can
continue to contact me through the agreed method."

Her slightly sad smile prompted an instinctive urge in Imre to look
away, wary of falling for her.

"Once we verify the authenticity of your intel, we'll help you apply for
the formula and ingredients for Pleasure. I can't guarantee its success.
Items at this level require approval from the higher-ups," Angoulême
promised without entering into further negotiation.

After bidding farewell to the Purifiers, Jenna picked up her suitcase
and took a carriage to Franca's safe house in Quartier de la Cathédrale
Commémorative.

Once settled, she reflected for a moment and decided to express her
gratitude at The Fool's cathedral in Lavigny Docks. She felt compelled
to thank this great entity for answering her prayers and enabling Ciel
to enter the painting world to provide assistance.

This marked the official commencement of her commitment to Mr. Fool.

In the pristine cathedral with clear windows, Jenna sat at the edge of
the last row of pews. She closed her eyes, clasped her hands, brought
them to her chest, and bowed her head in prayer.

Amidst the tranquility of the religious space, it felt as if she had
entered a deep slumber, her mind empty, and her words mere offerings of
praise.

Vaguely, she sensed someone settling beside her.

Ignoring the newcomer, she continued with her prayer.

After a few minutes, she opened her eyes and noticed a petite lady
praying beside her.

The lady had shoulder-length yellow hair and wore light pants, a
masculine-looking shirt, and a small brown coat.

Although her eyes remained closed, the delicate contours of her brows,
mouth, and nose were discernible from her side profile. Despite her lack
of height, she exuded a calm and dignified aura.

Sensing Jenna's gaze, the woman opened her eyes and greeted her with a
smile.

"Jenna?"

"Yes... Whom am I speaking to?" Jenna felt puzzled and vigilant, but she
sensed no danger in Mr. Fool's cathedral.

The young lady introduced herself, "I'm the Major Arcana card holder of
the Two of Cups, whom you might know as Franca, Judgment.

"I came to The Fool's cathedral to pray today, not expecting to meet
you. Perhaps this is fate. How about it? Do you want to draw a Minor
Arcana card?"

Feeling the friendliness in her tone, Jenna nodded and said, "I'd be
delighted, Madam Judgment."

If it were any other Major Arcana card holder, Jenna might have been
instinctively worried, but Franca and Lumian had already mentioned
Judgment and Magician to her. She had a natural favorable impression and
trust in them.

Judgment retrieved a stack of tarot cards from a small black bag hanging
from her waist. She casually cut them a few times and handed them over
with a smile.

"Draw one."

Jenna felt inexplicably nervous. After contemplating for a moment, she
reached out her right hand and drew a Minor Arcana card.

The card depicted seven cups floating in the clouds, with skulls and
people looking at them below.

"Seven of Cups," Madam Judgment chuckled. "This represents confusion,
puzzlement, dreams, illusions, and choices. But what's important is not
that. Our Tarot Club's two Demonesses drew a Cup card."

She produced another tarot card, this one portraying an angel sounding a
trumpet to guide the departed.

Major Arcana card, Judgment!

"Keep this card. When faced with unforeseen danger, take it out and
recite 'Rain Judgment' in Hermes. As long as I'm in Trier, I can provide
assistance. Of course, you have to be in Trier too when requesting.
Except in places like Fourth Epoch Trier---I won't be able to hear you,"
Madam Judgment calmly explained.

"Thank you, Madam Judgment," Jenna expressed her gratitude sincerely,
accepting the Major Arcana card.

Judgment nodded and continued, "Now, cooperate with the Two of Cups to
carry out the Demoness Sect's mission, but with a different direction.
Avoid the Demoness Sect and investigate the special mirror worlds. The
Demoness of Catastrophe, Krismona, who perished in the Fourth Epoch, is
a starting point. She's a child of the Primordial Demoness, a
natural-born woman---a pure female Demoness, just like you."