---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1977
index: 506
section: vol4
slug: 506
title: Illness
---

## Chapter 506: Illness

Amidst the nighttime cacophony of the town's barking dogs, Lumian let
out a low chuckle.

"Do you have that many dogs in Dardel?"

"Y-yes." The middle-aged man managed a hesitant smile.

*Something is off as expected. Has something happened to this
town?* Lumian had intentionally inquired, keen on observing the
reactions of the resident across from him.

Amidst the persisting dog chorus, he concentrated on gauging the other
party's luck.

He had no plans to leave the steam locomotive and venture into Dardel
for investigation. His only recourse was to probe into the luck of the
town's residents, anticipating hidden problems before they could
unexpectedly spread to the train station.

While Termiboros could influence his luck observation, there was always
a chance of being misled. Lumian, lacking expertise in divination or
prophecy, had limited options for gathering information without leaving
the steam locomotive.

Factoring in various environmental details, he aimed to discern
potential issues.

In Lumian's view, the middle-aged man's luck took on a ghastly green
hue.

This indicated an impending illness---a rather peculiar one.

The specifics, such as when or what kind of illness, eluded Lumian's
current Sequence.

*Dog barking inducing fear, future special illness---do Dardel's wild
dogs cause calamities by biting and spreading diseases? That's a
plausible explanation, and it's not a Beyonder incident, but that means
there's a potential solution. The man outside seems to be grappling with
a hint of despair...* Lumian turned to the middle-aged man who
was soliciting customers and said, "Can you bring over the food we
ordered?"

"We can do so if the meal cost exceeds two verl d'or. You know, it's not
easy for us to enter the platform," the middle-aged man, now smiling
again, replied.

At that moment, the clamor of dozens of dogs subsided, no longer as
intense as before.

"No problem," Lumian casually ordered a variety of dishes---apple
liqueur, deep-fried potato pancakes, shrimp in gravy, Dardel meat sauce,
stewed pork, saltmarsh mutton, buttered pancakes, and wick cheese. The
total cost amounted to 10 verl d'or.

Ludwig couldn't help but gulp with each mention of a dish.

Four hours prior, an attendant had delivered a four-person standard
dinner. Despite managing to finish two portions alone, Ludwig remained
unsatisfied. He had also retrieved multiple pieces of jerky from
Lumian's Traveler's Bag.

Two hours ago, he had his first supper, consisting of cheese, dessert,
bread, jerky, and more.

Now, he was hungry again.

The middle-aged man, who had used simple words and symbols to record the
dish names, couldn't resist asking,

"Is the food provided in a carriage of this level not tasty?"

Otherwise, why would Ludwig look as though he hadn't eaten dinner?

Lumian responded in turn, "That's right. Don't ever expect to eat tasty
food on a steam locomotive."

After noting down the dish names and receiving 5 verl d'or banknotes as
a down payment, the middle-aged man with a slightly hooked chin moved to
another private room.

"Wait," Lumian suddenly called out.

"Is there anything else, Monsieur?" the middle-aged man turned around
and inquired.

Lumian smiled and said, "You don't look well. If you don't want to get
sick, you need more rest in the next few days."

The middle-aged man froze, his expression struck by lightning.

After a momentary pause, panic and fear mixed on his face.

"A-alright. Thank you." He turned around in a hurry and dashed out of
the platform, forgetting to solicit other customers.

*Dardel's abnormality is indeed linked to illnesses...* Lumian
mused as he withdrew his gaze thoughtfully.

Lugano asked with curiosity, "Why can't I tell that he's sub-healthy and
could fall ill at any moment?"

Being a Doctor, he possessed corresponding abilities. Even without
activating his Spirit Vision, he could discern various external
manifestations of a person's body.

Recognizing a concealed illness and with Lumian's warning, he activated
his Spirit Vision to observe the person's Ether Body.

"Sub-healthy" was a term coined by Emperor Roselle, but it had only
gained popularity in Intis's medical world in recent years.

*He's not currently in a sub-healthy state, but it's very likely that he
will contract a special illness...* Lumian used Lugano's
questions to confirm that the townsfolk's illness didn't originate from
him.

He smiled and responded to Lugano's question, "It's never wrong to care
about others' health and encourage them to rest more."

Instinctively, Lugano revealed an expression that said, "I don't buy
it." Then, he masked it with a smile.

"He seems to share that concern."

"That's right," Lumian replied patronizingly.

Dardel's barking subsided and resounded at times. Sometimes, it was just
outside the platform, and at other times, it came from the edge of the
town. Lumian listened quietly and sighed inwardly.

*Why am I encountering something like this again?*

*Do I bring calamity, or does calamity lure me here?*

*From the looks of it, the problem in Dardel has been around for a
while. It has nothing to do with my arrival... No matter how I avoid it
or make choices via the use of others, I'll always be drawn to
calamities and unknowingly approach them...*

*Is this why a Hunter with an angelic level and the Blood Emperor's
remnant aura will inevitably encounter an abnormal situation despite
their low Sequence?*

*In the future, will a novelist write about my experiences like Gehrman
Sparrow's? Then, the line "he's always accompanied by calamity" would be
included.*

As time ticked by, the middle-aged man who had been soliciting customers
arrived with a bar waiter, each carrying a food container.

"Is this what you want?" He and the waiter handed plates and glasses
through the window.

Seeing the table covered in an exquisite tablecloth filled with tempting
food, Lumian took a sip of the slightly sour apple liqueur and paid the
remaining 5 verl d'or for the meal.

"We'll collect the cutlery in an hour. We won't be disturbing you, will
we?" the middle-aged man asked politely.

Lumian nodded, giving them permission.

After sidestepping with the waiter for a moment, the middle-aged man
found himself returning to his original position. He couldn't resist the
urge to inquire,

"Monsieur, how do you know I'm about to fall ill?"

Lumian, gesturing towards Lugano across the way, explained, "My friend
is a renowned doctor in Trier."

The term "renowned" here applied to a wanted poster.

Without awaiting the middle-aged man's reply, Lumian casually inquired,
"What's your name?"

"Just call me Pierre," the middle-aged man replied, hunched over as he
observed Lumian in the snug private room on the steam locomotive.

*Do you folks fancy that name around here too?* Lumian grinned
and asked, "Do you think you'll get sick too?"

Pierre's eyelids twitched, his expression momentarily freezing.

Instinctively, he replied, "No, no. Just a bit concerned."

"Well then, get some rest, drink more water, and perhaps seek out the
clergyman at the cathedral for repentance," Lumian advised without
pressing further.

Pierre moved towards the front of the locomotive in silence, hoping to
drum up more business. However, his steps seemed burdened, as if his
feet were encased in lead, each stride a struggle.

"Woof, woof, woof!"

The barking resumed near the platform.

Pierre's face contorted, overwhelmed with worry and fear. Suddenly, he
turned around, shaking off the waiter and rushing to the window of the
small private room where Lumian and the others were situated.

"Save me, Doctor, save me!" he pleaded, pressing his hands against the
glass with a desperate expression.

Lumian seized the moment, stating, "Unless you disclose the cause of the
illness, my friend won't be able to treat you."

The commotion reached the passengers in the adjacent private rooms, but
in their slumber, they were indifferent to the unfolding drama.

Pierre swallowed hard, stealing a glance at the equally terrified bar
waiter.

"Yes, yes..."

Before he could complete his sentence, a figure materialized on the
platform's wall.

The figure stood firmly, legs apart, body contorted, but its head tilted
upward, fixated on some distant point.

It was a man, clad in tweed garments, conspicuously marked by tears and
frays. His facial muscles contorted dramatically, and his eyes were
rolled back, leaving only a white patch visible.

Saliva dribbled from his open mouth as he attempted to speak.

"Woof! Woof! Woof!"

The barking harmonized with the other canine sounds in Dardel, forming a
disconcerting chorus.

"It's Derangement!" Pierre finally exclaimed.

"Derangement?" Lumian shifted his attention from the man barking on the
wall to Lugano.

Lugano observed the abnormality for a moment before slowly shaking his
head at Lumian.

His message was clear: this wasn't your typical case of rabies.

Pierre, mistakenly thinking Lumian was addressing him, was on the brink
of emotional collapse.

"Yes, Derangement!

"I don't know when it started. People in our town began turning into
barking lunatics. Initially, it was just one, but then two, three,
ten... Many acquaintances of mine got infected, completely losing their
minds. They only bark like dogs and are most active during the night!"

"Did they contract it from being bitten by these lunatics?" Lugano
inquired with a furrowed brow.

"No, the ones I know weren't bitten, but they still went mad! I-I feel
like I'm soon next!" Pierre exclaimed in despair.

"You didn't seek help from the government?" Lumian was puzzled, thinking
that official Beyonders wouldn't allow such a situation to escalate.

"We heard about a village having a similar situation as Derangement;
they reported it to the government, and then the whole village vanished.
We... we didn't dare approach either the government or the Church!"
Pierre explained frantically, with the bar waiter by his side equally
terrified.

Lumian's eyes narrowed.

"Where are the people from the town's health department, police station,
and the cathedral's padre?"

"They were the first to succumb to madness." Pierre, caught up in
distress, didn't consider Lumian's intentions in asking.

*The initial casualties were the padre, police, and health
officials...* Lumian raised an eyebrow and remarked, "So why
haven't you tried escaping from Dardel?"

"Escape..." Pierre and the bar waiter were startled, staring blankly at
Lumian.

Beneath the crimson moonlight, the whites of their eyes took on a
bloodshot hue.