---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1983
index: 512
section: vol4
slug: 512
title: Strange Pirate Ship
---

## Chapter 512: Strange Pirate Ship

Lumian watched Philip's retreating figure disappear into the distance, a
silent chuckle escaping his lips.

This guy was competent, he had to admit. Gone was the frivolous, greasy,
and undisciplined facade he'd displayed at the bar the night before.

It was a common trait among many Intisian men, Lumian observed. When not
engaged in demanding work and surrounded by attractive women, they
turned into preening peacocks, desperate to display their prowess.
Becoming a Beyonder didn't change that fundamental nature.

Demonesses thrived in Intis, especially in Trier. This wasn't just due
to the city's underground allure; there was a deeper, more harmonious
connection with the society at large.

Lumian wasn't offended by Philip's warning, nor did he take it
personally.

He'd planned to enjoy the voyage over the next few days, even considered
lending a hand in maintaining order on the ship, becoming a shadow
inquisitor of sorts.

But now, his primary concern shifted to how Philip had unmasked their
true identities.

Lumian had meticulously combed through Aurore's grimoire, studying the
abilities of Low-Sequence Beyonders across 22 pathways, and supplemented
his knowledge with information gleaned from various sources over the
past months. From this, he formed a preliminary hypothesis.

*Philip is likely a Beyonder of one of three pathways---Spectator,
Reader, or Arbiter.*

*One excels at observing minute details and reading people's true
thoughts. Another is a master of deduction, their Sequence 7 even being
called "Detective." They can detect abnormalities from the most subtle
clues. The third, at Sequence 8 Sheriff, wields extraordinary control
within their jurisdiction, allowing them to sense and trace
anomalies...*

*Given that we haven't spoken directly with Philip before, I can
eliminate the Spectator option. Besides, Spectators aren't typically
chosen as security supervisors, it's not their forte...*

*After discovering that there was a problem with us through his
abilities and that our origins were unclear, Philip likely checked
copies of our identification and sent telegrams to the issuing
authorities. And he received confirmation that these three people didn't
exist?*

*This explains the delay in his warning. He'd waited for the
investigation and response before making his move.*

*This also implies he has a network of helpers across different regions,
receives information and feedback, and possesses extensive
connections.*

*Doing this alone wouldn't be possible. He has an organization backing
him, something more official, perhaps? He did claim to be a retired
officer of the Fog Sea Fleet, after all...*

*Such a person is indeed well-suited to lead the security on a heavily
armed merchant ship like this.*

Lumian turned away and closed the door, a wave of relief washing over
him.

With such a capable security supervisor at the helm, issuing discrete
warnings to potential threats, the journey ahead promised to be
relatively safe.

Lumian spent the morning in the comfort of his first-class cabin, Cabin
5, indulging in a leisurely study of Highlander and breaking up his
reading with bouts of exercise. Meanwhile, Ludwig, after breakfast, had
begged Lugano to take him on a tour of the ship, spending over an hour
on deck playing like a genuine child.

Lumian, however, suspected the true purpose of this excursion was to
meticulously survey the location and condition of the ship's food
reserves.

Before lunch, drawn by the bright sun, Lumian descended to the deck. He
rested his hands on the railing and gazed out at the vast, dark-blue
expanse of the sea.

From the corner of his eye, he caught sight of Philip, back to his usual
casual demeanor. He was now entangled with the girl from the previous
night at the bow of the ship, whispering sweet nothings and laughing,
the picture of a smitten couple.

*You Intisians...* Lumian shook his head with a chuckle.

After leaving Trier, he had adjusted his usual phrases to better reflect
reality.

Philip and the girl continued their stroll along the deck, their
laughter echoing through the air.

With the enhanced hearing of a Hunter, Lumian had no trouble making out
the girl's name---Gozia. Though not conventionally beautiful, she exuded
a youthful vibrancy that was undeniable.

Lumian watched as Philip's gaze darted beyond the ship's railing, his
face hardening for a brief moment.

Following the security supervisor's line of sight, Lumian scanned the
horizon, spotting a colossal shadow lurking beneath the undulating
waves!

It disappeared as quickly as it appeared, swallowed by the surging sea.

*Smaller than the Flying Bird, but far larger than any sea creature...
Giant fish, or something more?* Lumian mused, a spark of
excitement igniting within him.

"My dear, what has captured your attention?" Gozia's voice broke through
Philip's reverie.

"My sweetheart, just thinking about which first-class restaurant I'll
treat you to later," Philip replied nonchalantly.

Suddenly, a thin veil of fog crept upwards from the sea, obscuring the
sun and dimming the surrounding environment.

The passengers and crew on deck remained unfazed, accustomed to such
sudden weather changes in the Fog Sea. Although less intense than the
Berserk Sea, the unpredictable nature of the region was ever-present.

As Gozia reveled in the first foggy day of their journey, Philip
discreetly raised his right arm, gesturing towards the spot where the
shadow had vanished.

*He doesn't think it's a passing giant fish...* Lumian admired
the sea ahead with interest. He noticed several crew members ending
their breaks and taking their positions, including the gunners.

The peaceful atmosphere was shattered by a loud splash as a monstrous
iron-black behemoth surfaced from the depths.

It was a peculiar-looking "ship."

It was covered in a layer of metal, with only thin pipes resembling
snail eyes protruding from its hull.

As seawater cascaded off its sides, the upper half of the strange vessel
split open, revealing a fearsome array of cannons and masts rising from
within, creating a wide deck.

Dozens, perhaps even hundreds of pirates armed with firearms and swords
were on the deck, filling the air with their intimidating cries.

A white sail unfurled automatically, right to the top of the mast.

*Wow...* Lumian marveled inwardly.

He had never seen such a magical vessel before, a vessel that could
disappear and reappear from the depths of the sea.

Philip's expression grew increasingly grave.

Beside him, Gozia froze, her eyes wide with terror as she instinctively
huddled closer to her lover.

"Which pirate crew is this?"

"Only one man commands such undersea vessels," Philip replied, his voice
devoid of its usual frivolity and heavy with grim certainty. "Admiral
Deep Sea, Howl Constantine. Judging by the size of this vessel, it's not
his flagship, the Newins. It's the Black Octopus, commanded by his most
trusted subordinate, Bone Splitter Basil."

Gozia's vision swam, and she nearly fainted.

The night before, during their conversation, Philip had mentioned the
infamous maritime kings and pirate admirals who ruled the Five Seas.
Among them, Howl Constantine, who had recently risen to the rank of
Admiral, was shrouded in mystery.

Legend whispered of his monstrous heritage, claiming he possessed the
blood of sea monsters. He had even ventured into the ruins of a sunken
city, recovering the relics of ancient alchemists: two stealth boats
capable of navigating the depths of the ocean unseen.

Inspired by these vessels, the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery
had attempted to develop their own undersea fleet. However, they failed
to mass produce them. Due to the reliance on higher Sequence Beyonders,
only one or two of these vessels could be assigned to each Intisian
fleet, each serving specialized functions.

Of Admiral Deep Sea's two undersea vessels, the first, the Newins, was a
behemoth rivaling the Flying Bird in size. Inspired by a renowned
maritime treasure legend, it served as Howl Constantine's flagship. The
second, the Black Octopus, which had just emerged from the depths, was
entrusted to his most trusted subordinate, Bone Splitter Basil.

He was an equally formidable figure, known for his cold-blooded
brutality and ruthless tactics. He took pleasure in torturing his
captives, and the bounty on his head, far exceeding that of most
non-Admiral pirates, stood at a staggering 250,000 verl d'or.

The revelation of the Black Octopus and Bone Splitter Basil plunged
Gozia into a pit of despair.

How could a mere armed merchant ship like the Flying Bird possibly stand
against such notorious pirates from the Five Seas?

What horrors awaited them under Bone Splitter Basil's reign of terror?

Philip, however, had no time for his new lover's distress. His full
attention was focused on the unfolding spectacle of the Black Octopus
and its menacing cannons, ready to unleash their fury at any moment.

Standing a short distance away, Lumian felt a thrill coursing through
his veins when he heard the name Bone Splitter Basil, the strongest
subordinate to Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine. This was not
nervousness, but the exhilarating feeling from catching a whiff of iron
and blood.

This was one of the Hunters' belligerence.

Even after fully digesting the potions, a Beyonder would still be
affected by them.

Lumian's emerald eyes, sharp as an eagle's, locked onto the bizarre
iron-black ship as he formulated his next move.

Once Bone Splitter Basil emerged and the two vessels closed the
distance, Lumian planned to "teleport" behind the infamous pirate and
unleash the Spell of Harrumph.

If the Spell of Harrumph's effect proved insufficient and failed to
incapacitate Basil, Lumian would don his Flog boxing gloves, instill a
specific desire within his opponent, and "teleport" again, creating
greater distance before activating the Symphony of Hatred, amplifying
the instilled desire to a maddening degree.

With Bone Splitter Basil severely wounded and momentarily incapacitated,
Lumian would seize the opportunity to unleash his full Hunter arsenal,
striking the enemy down with devastating blows.

To prevent interference from the surrounding pirates, he could
potentially create a Bottle of Fiction and isolate Bone Splitter Basil
for a one-on-one duel...

A complex plan, complete with contingency measures, raced through
Lumian's mind, causing a slight tremor in his body, as if anticipating
the thrill of the coming battle.

Just as the tension reached a peak and a naval confrontation seemed
imminent, the pirates aboard the Black Octopus turned as one, their eyes
fixed in shock upon the stairs leading deeper into the vessel.

A few seconds later, the bizarre iron-black ship made an abrupt turn,
altering its course and steering away from the Flying Bird.

With swift precision, the exposed sections of the Black Octopus
retracted, sealing its interior once more.

In the eyes of Lumian and the others, the Black Octopus rapidly
distanced itself, diving back into the depths of the foggy sea.

In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a mere shadow, disappearing
completely.

"E-escaped?" Uttering the word after a long moment of dazed silence,
Gozia turned to her lover, her voice filled with surprise and confusion.

Bone Splitter Basil and his Black Octopus were simply leaving?

Without a fight, without plundering?

Philip, himself bewildered, stared at the spot where the Black Octopus
had vanished, forcing a smile onto his face.

"Didn't I tell you that I know many great pirates?"