---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1990
index: 519
section: vol4
slug: 519
title: One Event A Day
---

## Chapter 519: One Event A Day

The flames of Quartier des Black Pearls danced in Lumian's eyes, pulling
him deep into thought. As a Conspirer, his mind instinctively dissected
the possibilities.

The Resistance and civil independence factions were easily ruled
out---they had no presence in this archipelago, Intis's first far-flung
colony. The religious and cultural genocide, along with the assimilation
efforts of successive governments, they had tirelessly worked to make it
happen. Emperor Roselle's policies had transformed this place into
something akin to Intis's overseas province---loose laws and weak
security. The Islanders, having abandoned their original faith, now saw
themselves as discriminated citizens in the Intis border regions. This
discrimination mirrored the plight of Reemians in the south of Intis and
Savoyards in the east. Regardless, Trier's citizens held a universal
disdain for all foreigners. However, their vigilance heightened against
Islanders notorious for scams and thuggery.

*Did the pirate trade spark internal strife, or were Southern Continent
organizations, seeking to overthrow colonial rule, deliberately causing
trouble in the Fog Sea Archipelago? Perhaps some ambitious individual is
following the lead of an evil god.* Lumian's thoughts raced as
he noticed a 2.5-meter-tall half-giant emerging from a room beside the
cathedral, dressed in a black trench coat and silk top hat.

Addressing the bewildered supplicants and tramps, he assured them,
"Don't worry. The Lord will protect everyone.

"Stay here and don't go out. Wait for the riot to subside. There won't
be any danger."

"Praise The Fool!" The believers of The Fool Church found solace,
pressing their hands to their chests and bowing.

Their expressions softened, conveying a sense of security.

The tramps exchanged glances, but none dared to leave.

In the minds of most Intisians, a cathedral was a safer haven than any
government, regardless of the Church it belonged to.

At that moment, golden sunlight descended into the area where the
explosion had occurred, accompanied by a series of dense explosions,
though not as deafening as before.

It was evident that the governor-general's office and the Beyonders of
the two Churches were addressing the anomaly.

Simultaneously, Lumian observed the sky, once illuminated by moonlight
and starlight, darkening. Despite no change in the weather, the street
outside seemed cloaked in a thin, dark fog.

Ignoring the half-giant bishop's shouts after a moment of contemplation,
Lumian opened the cathedral door of The Fool and stepped out.

The temperature outside had notably dropped, akin to Trier's autumn.

Beneath the gas street lamps' glow, Lumian retraced his steps back to
the port.

Suddenly, a swaying figure emerged from a nearby alley.

The figure, clad in a thin shirt and pants with bare feet, had a pale,
wrinkled face.

His eyes were more white than brown, and livor mortis covered his
exposed skin.

*Zombie?* Lumian raised his eyebrows.

As the suspected zombie---an old man---staggered towards Quartier des
Black Pearls, it seemed to detect a hint of spirituality and blood,
abruptly turning to Lumian and emitting an inhuman sound.

Lumian promptly condensed a crimson fireball, nearly white, and sent it
hurtling towards the zombie.

Amidst the rumbling explosion, the zombie's head shattered, and its body
disintegrated. It met its demise once more.

No more movement.

*Is that all you've got?* Lumian had originally wondered if he
had encountered a more dangerous undead creature.

Pressing on, he formed ten to twenty crimson fireballs above his head,
behind him, on his shoulders, and at his sides, allowing them to follow
his movements and maintain a relative suspension.

As Lumian rounded a corner, he spotted a young couple screaming in
terror and fleeing.

Behind them, a zombie pursued, its dark-red heart and white intestines
faintly discernible from numerous gunshot wounds.

A nearly white crimson fireball, unleashed by Lumian, flew past the
couple and exploded on the pursuing zombie.

*Rumble.* The charred corpse scattered in all directions,
accompanied by residual flames.

The young couple, halted in surprise, stared at Lumian surrounded by ten
to twenty crimson, nearly white fireballs. Confusion and disbelief
filled their eyes.

"Are you waiting for death?" Lumian cursed as he advanced. "Take the
back street and enter The Fool's cathedral."

"Alright, alright!" The young man and woman responded instinctively, as
if facing armed police officers or adventurers.

The fireball was clearly more powerful than a gun!

As the couple entered the street where The Fool's cathedral was located,
Lumian, resembling an envoy of flames, continued towards the port at a
moderate pace.

Along the way, he encountered a few more waves of people emerging from
bars, open-air markets, and other places, who had encountered zombies.

Lumian didn't say a word. He directed the crimson, nearly white
fireballs around him to help them eliminate the revived corpses. Then,
he instructed them to hide in the nearest cathedral.

The zombies' pursuit and the intimidation of the fireballs made his
words persuasive. No one insisted on finding their own way.

If there were any, Lumian couldn't be bothered.

After several similar encounters, Lumian began to discern a pattern.

These zombies weren't reanimated from the living; they were originally
deceased. The entirety of Port Farim's deceased had risen without any
discernible cause.

These zombies instinctively headed towards the explosion site, but if
they encountered the living on the way, they'd be drawn by both flesh
and spirituality, leading them to pursue, kill, and gnaw.

With this understanding, Lumian no longer advised passersby to seek
refuge in distant cathedrals. Instead, he directed them to avoid
hospitals, graveyards, and similar places, urging them to stay for two
to three hours in bustling bars, dance halls, or houses where no recent
deaths had occurred.

After a series of halts and advances, Lumian returned to the port and
reboarded the Flying Bird. He continued unleashing the crimson, almost
white fireballs until only two remained.

Philip, leaning against the ship's rail, kept his eyes fixed on the
governor-general's office.

"What happened?" he inquired of Lumian.

"How would I know?" Lumian replied, amused.

Philip swiftly changed the topic.

"Did you come across any anomalies?"

Only then did Lumian briefly recount the explosion near the
governor-general's office and the sudden reanimation of the corpses.

"Zombie summoning?" Philip muttered to himself, a frown creasing his
brow.

Without awaiting Lumian's response, he sighed and said, "It was smooth
only on the first day of this voyage. On the second day, we encountered
Bone Splitter. On the third day, Death Navigators attacked us at noon.
By night, or rather in the early hours of the fourth day, another zombie
calamity struck in Port Farim... We still have six days until we reach
Port Santa..."

Lumian felt a pang of guilt.

In theory, his attraction to or attraction by calamities shouldn't be so
frequent. When he was in Trier, he didn't encounter mystical incidents
every day. If that were the case, 007 would have died from overwork.

*Encountering one or two calamities throughout the journey would be
understandable, but considering Dardel's Derangement, it's truly a daily
affair... Could it be that some unclean entity is tailing me? Could it
be the cause, the trigger, or the convergence? And is there essentially
only one calamity I've encountered?* The more Lumian pondered,
the more he felt the urge to correspond with Madam Magician to
investigate if there was an underlying issue behind such frequent
calamities.

"Perhaps the zombie calamity was triggered by the initial trouble on the
ship. Once we leave the Flying Bird, our subsequent journey might become
peaceful," Lumian casually consoled Philip.

He didn't hold much confidence in his words.

"Hope so." Philip spread his arms slightly and prayed devoutly. "Praise
the Sun!"

Lumian took his time before heading back to the first-class cabin. He
lingered by the shipboard, surveying Port Farim.

The authorities' silent endorsement of pirate activities in the Fog Sea
Archipelago had resulted in a certain level of chaos and misconduct.
However, it had also led to a notable increase in the number of
Beyonders compared to regular Intisian cities. Swiftly organizing a
resistance, they cleared the streets of zombies, minimizing the
casualties among citizens and tourists.

Whether pirates and adventurers exploited the turmoil to commit crimes
or settle scores remained uncertain.

In less than half an hour, the turmoil near the explosion site subsided.
Official Beyonders dispersed, addressing disturbances on other streets.

"Very good. Nothing major happened. They managed to control it in time,"
Philip remarked, relieved.

*You can say that, but I can't...* Lumian laughed
self-deprecatingly.

Only then did Philip feel at ease enough for casual conversation.

"Did you go into Farim for a drink?"

"That's right," Lumian replied with a smile. "I happened to receive a
commission."

"What commission?" Philip asked casually.

"Hunting a pirate---Baronet Black." Lumian didn't withhold any details.

Philip's eyes narrowed as he inquired with a frown, "Are you sure you're
stronger than Baronet Black? He has a ship and over a hundred
subordinates! Besides, even if you find an opportunity to assassinate
him, aren't you afraid of the King of Dusk's retaliation? He's one of
the maritime kings!"

"Just because I accepted a commission doesn't mean I'll definitely do
it. I don't even know where to find Black Baronet Class Khizi. That's
his name, right?" Lumian didn't mind the potential repercussions from
the King of Dusk.

There were more than one Saint who wanted to deal with him!

Philip observed Louis Berry's nonchalant demeanor, realizing he had
accepted a mission but would reconsider only if there was a chance to
complete it. Thus, he didn't press further on the matter.

The next morning.

As the security supervisor finished breakfast, a subordinate sailor
informed him: The governor-general's office had ordered the port to be
temporarily closed, and all ships were prohibited from leaving!

Philip suppressed the urge to stand up and asked in a deep voice, "What
are the soldiers at the port doing?"

"Searching ship by ship," the sailor replied truthfully.

In Room 5 of the first-class cabin, Lumian observed the chaotic harbor
where the army had entered and continued writing a letter to Jenna and
Franca.

"Something seems to have happened to Port Farim on Saint Tick Island in
the Fog Sea Archipelago. Ask that person and see if he knows the exact
situation."

At this point, Lumian raised his right hand and tapped his chest four
times---up, down, left, right---like Mr. K. He whispered
sympathetically, "Poor 007."