---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 1998
index: 527
section: vol4
slug: 527
title: Immersion
---

## Chapter 527: Immersion

Under the sunlight, Port Farim appeared to be tinged with a golden hue,
and the air seemed to carry the sweetness of cane sugar.

Lumian lingered by the window, contemplating the whereabouts of the
Demon Warlock.

During his rescue the previous night, Burman had slipped into a deep
coma, unable to direct the undead creature he controlled. Therefore, the
undead being must have relied on its instincts and routines to transport
Burman to a safe haven he frequented.

Ordinarily, Fidel's residence would be his top choice. Yet, when Lumian
scoured the premises, there were no traces indicating Burman's return.

His initial assumption was that Burman had employed the undead creatures
to eliminate Fidel's family, attendants, and servants. Recognizing 16
Rue Coreas as a battlefield and unsafe, they likely sought an alternate
hideout.

Where could that be?

From his Traveler's Bag, Lumian retrieved the information Franca had
provided about Burman and the rest of the details gathered from Philip,
Batna, and the others. He read through it again, attempting to immerse
himself in the mindset of the Demon Warlock, simulating his thoughts,
actions, and motivations.

Burman hailed from Fog Province, also known as Winter Province, situated
in the northern part of Intis. Bordering the Feysac Empire, the region
had relatively rustic folk customs, with a penchant for strong liquor.

His wife, Helen, a Port Farim native without Islander heritage, had a
grandfather who worked as a cane sugar merchant traveling between Port
Farim and Port LeSeur. Unfortunately, he encountered pirates, losing
most of his business and relying on a plantation he had previously
acquired.

Born and raised on that plantation, Helen witnessed its sale due to
conflicts among her father's generation after her grandfather's death.
Her family received a portion of the money and relocated to Port Farim.
After her father's passing and her mother falling ill, she became an
adventurer and crossed paths with Burman.

Both had experienced fortuitous encounters during their adventures,
gaining superpowers. They even acquired property in Port Farim, planning
a future away from the adventurous life as they grew older.

Several years ago, they, along with a group of fellow adventurers,
rented a boat to explore the seas for treasure. Unfortunately, they
encountered sea monsters, and only Burman and two others survived.

Following this tragic incident, Burman's attempts to revive his wife
took a progressively desperate turn.

"Treasure hunting at sea? Are there really that many treasures at sea?"
Lumian mumbled, convinced that it was highly likely Burman was still in
Port Farim.

This place held his dearest memories, remnants of the years spent with
his wife, Helen. When selecting a hiding spot, he would instinctively
lean towards this area.

With this in mind, Lumian continued reading the latter part of the
intel.

As anticipated, Burman's past dangerous experiments had unfolded near
the Fog Sea Archipelago, encompassing other islands and the villages and
towns along the Northern Continent's coast. If he connected them into
irregular concentric circles, the center would be in Port Farim on Saint
Tick Island.

*Burman uses Port Farim as a base for resurrection attempts in various
places...* Lumian pondered. *He hasn't stirred trouble in Port
Farim before, so why the exception this time? If I were Burman in his
half-mad state, I'd treat Port Farim as my spiritual home, a haven of
beautiful memories. Typically, I wouldn't disrupt the order here. I
might even secretly maintain it and handle some audacious pirates and
adventurers on the sly...* Lumian analyzed thoughtfully.

He had substituted Port Farim with Cordu. Believing that if his sister's
death had no connection to Cordu and the peace remained, anyone daring
to disturb Cordu's daily life and alter the situation would be his
enemy!

Frowning slightly, he sensed there might be crucial details unclear
about the previous night's explosion. There could be a reason why Burman
killed Fidel and his family beyond a mere disagreement. Fidel, having
collaborated with Burman for years, should have known about his unstable
mental state. How could such a shrewd merchant not consider the
potential repercussions of his words on the Demon Warlock?

Moreover, Burman aimed to eliminate the adventurer Louis Berry to
conceal his collaboration with Fidel. If Fidel was already dead, why
silence Lumian?

Perhaps, Fidel had assumed he could persuade Burman to wait a few days
before acting, only to find Burman already in a deranged state, driven
by instinct.

After careful consideration, Lumian decided to re-enter Port Farim and
visit Burman and Helen's former residence.

Even though Burman had sold it long ago to fund his resurrection
experiments and it was under official Beyonder scrutiny, there remained
a possibility of discovering crucial clues.

What if the mad Burman insisted on returning to his previous abode?

Instructing Lugano to keep an eye on Ludwig, Lumian descended to the
deck and encountered Philip.

The Flying Bird's security supervisor regarded Lumian with a mixed
expression. Without mentioning the room that seemed to have been
bombarded by cannons, he stated, "I'll distribute the remaining repair
fees to the participating workers and attendants."

The implication was clear: "I've already compensated those who need to
be silenced."

"You can take a share yourself," Lumian replied with a smile.

Philip shook his head and sighed.

"Not having any more incidents like that on the way from Port Farim to
Port Santa would be the best reward for me."

"I'll do my best," Lumian sincerely assured him.

He refrained from making promises, acknowledging factors beyond his
control.

He also looked forward to reaching Port Santa without trouble and
beginning the hunt for the key members of April Fool's---Bard and
Ultraman.

Philip gazed at Lumian for a few seconds, as if contemplating whether to
report him in advance.

He sighed again.

"The port lockdown will be lifted tonight. The Flying Bird will set sail
again tomorrow morning. Don't miss it."

Lumian nodded and asked curiously, "The Demon Warlock has been
apprehended?"

"No, but it's pretty much confirmed that it has nothing to do with the
ships at the port. Nor is he hiding here," Philip replied nonchalantly.
"Burman even killed the prominent merchant Fidel's family last night.
They seemed to be in a cooperative relationship. Perhaps Fidel wanted to
betray him..."

At this point, Philip gave Lumian a sharp glance.

"Last night, the battle in your room---could it be related to this?"

"What kind of connection do you think there will be?" Lumian asked,
amused.

Philip pondered for a moment and couldn't make the connection.

Observing this, Lumian waved his hand and donned his golden straw hat.
He descended the gangway to the docks and left the port district.

As Lumian reached Sun Square, adorned with numerous wanted posters, he
was approached by an Islander man with brownish-black skin, sunken eyes,
and a deep-set gaze. The man handed him a folded book with a plethora of
words and crude patterns printed on it.

"Traveler, this is Port Farim's travel guide. It lists scenic spots,
unique delicacies, and sexual entertainment venues," the Islander
introduced with zeal. "It'll make your stay here more enjoyable."

Lumian played along and asked, "How much?"

"It's free! I'll give it to you for free!" the Islander exclaimed in a
high-pitched voice. "The government prints these for tourists, hoping
for a positive impression of Port Farim."

"Awesome." Lumian accepted the guidebook with an expression of "pleasant
surprise" and unfolded it.

The guide detailed scenic views and recommendations from various
shops---sugar cane outlets, sexual entertainment venues, renowned
eateries, and more.

Suddenly, Lumian swiftly drew his revolver and pressed it against the
Islander's forehead.

The Islander froze, stunned. After a few seconds, he stammered, "No, no
charge. I'm not lying!"

*Was this minor situation worth a gun being drawn?*

*I'm going to call the police!*

Lumian smiled and inquired, "What's the connection between these
recommended shops and you?"

"No..." The Islander felt the chill of the gun and carefully changed his
words. "Th-they paid us to recommend them. Some of them are owned by our
partners."

"How many are legitimate shops?" Lumian pressed, undeterred.

"90%." Just as the Islander finished speaking, Lumian cocked the
revolver's hammer, sending a clear message.

He hastily added, "90% of them are connected to us."

Lumian chuckled, continuing with another question, "What about the
scenery?"

"50%. Only the plantations and primitive tribes are connected to us."
The Islander trembled in fear.

Lumian shook the travel guide and smiled at the Islander.

"Show me the real ones."

The Islander quickly pointed out different parts, worried that the gun
might misfire.

Only then did Lumian stow away his revolver and take the guidebook to
the open-air market on the other side of Sun Square.

He had engaged the Islander partly to frighten the swindler and partly
because a new idea had struck him.

For Burman, who had resided in Port Farim for many years, were some of
the delicacies and scenery here also part of his cherished memories?

During setbacks, when he killed his best partner and faced defeat in
battle, would he, driven by madness and paranoia, seek out places with
beautiful memories to draw strength and recharge?

Lumian believed if he were in Burman's shoes, he would have done the
same.

Reason might suggest that he could be tracked and discovered, but
half-mad individuals often ignored reason.

Therefore, whether it was the moonlit scenery of the lighthouse, the
setting sun behind the volcano, Reptow minced pork, Gasparo seafood
rice, or Saint Tick chocolate ice cream, all could attract the covert
patronage of the Demon Warlock.

In his current state, there was a high chance that he wouldn't
meticulously erase his tracks.

Adjusting his golden straw hat, Lumian made his way through the open-air
market, heading toward the cliff mountain outside Farim, where Port
Farim's lighthouse stood.