---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2021
index: 550
section: vol4
slug: 550
title: Effects of the Sea Prayer Ritual
---

## Chapter 550: Effects of the Sea Prayer Ritual

Lumian hesitated, embodying the character of the adventurer---Louis
Berry---grappling with the unfamiliarity of Highlander.

Once Lugano finished translating Noelia's words, he nodded gently,
sporting a welcoming smile as he spoke in Intisian, "Come in, please."

Simultaneously, he rose from his seat.

Lugano, who had already reached the door, opened it.

The figure outside indeed proved to be Noelia, the combat nun of the
Fertility Order. Contrary to expectation, she wasn't cloaked in black or
adorned with religious headwear. Her thick, black, curly hair flowed
over her brown leather armor, and her lively light-blue eyes exuded
energy.

Lumian noticed the pair of straight swords strapped to Noelia's back and
the revolver at her waist. Smiling, he stepped forward.

"Thank you for your assistance."

Previously dependent on Lugano's translation, Noelia replied in
Intisian, "How did you know I was here to help?"

Lumian didn't conceal his intentions for today's performance. He raised
his hand, pointing at his head, indicating deduction.

Of course, his gratitude stemmed from her aid in digesting the Conspirer
potion.

Noelia's thick eyebrows twitched approvingly as she nodded.

Then, she turned her gaze to Lugano and Ludwig, as if seeking Lumian's
opinion on whether to have them leave. Lugano's expression made it clear
he preferred not to be part of it.

Sparing Lugano, Lumian gestured for him to take Ludwig outside, perhaps
for street snacks.

After the two departed the suite, Lumian remarked to Noelia, "You
actually know Intisian. You didn't say a word of it earlier."

Noelia replied with a smile, "We often take turns guarding the mountain
passes in the southern foothills of the Pyraez mountain range."

The Pyraez range, termed by the Feynapotter Kingdom, referred to the
Dariège mountain range. Shepherds frequently traversed it, entering the
plains and pastures of Gaia and other provinces.

Without awaiting Lumian's further inquiry, Noelia tucked her hair behind
her ear and grinned.

"It's impolite to have a lady standing and chatting with you."

Only then did Lumian invite Noelia to sit on the divan while he chose
the armchair.

Noelia gazed at him and continued, "Port Santa's sea prayer ritual dates
back to the late Fourth Epoch. It's over a thousand years old and can be
considered ancient. The Church once purged it, relocating all relevant
insiders and purifying all participants. However, less than a hundred
years later, someone here began secretly conducting the sea prayer
ritual again."

She didn't explain why she shared this history; it seemed like she was
merely recounting.

"They didn't continue purging it afterward?" Lumian inquired.

Noelia pursed her red lips and replied with a solemn expression, "In
this matter, the brass's orders are often contradictory. Sometimes, they
let our Fertility Order handle it; other times, they signal us to
observe for a while. All of this has been permitted by a
second-in-command Blessed."

Lumian, drawing knowledge from Madam Magician, the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society, and other sources, had come to understand that the
Church of Earth Mother operated on two major systems: Favored and
Blessed. Favored referred to Beyonders of the Earth and Moon pathways
among clergymen. Meanwhile, Blessed encompassed Beyonders of other
pathways favored by the Earth Mother. Orders from a Favored required at
least one second-in-command Blessed to be valid. Without this, they
risked being considered products of the influence of evil gods and
demons.

Lumian found the Church of Earth Mother's intricate system perplexing,
seemingly designed to guard against the Favored. Nevertheless, he
believed that there must be a reason behind such complexity.

Having undergone numerous experiences, he became increasingly aware that
seemingly inconspicuous rules in the mystical world often held lessons
etched in blood.

After a moment of contemplation, Lumian inquired, "Are you a Favored or
a Blessed?"

"I'm a Blessed," Noelia replied without delving into the specifics of
her pathway.

Lumian nodded slightly, indicating for her to continue.

Noelia smiled and sighed.

"After a long period of repetition, we eventually reached an unspoken
agreement to allow the sea prayer ritual. At the very least, it brought
prosperity to Port Santa without causing social chaos or significant
disruptions beyond the participants.

"That decision was made ages ago, and while ancient dossiers provide a
rough understanding, the exact reasons convincing matriarchs,
presidents, and archbishops remain elusive. Essentially, the sea prayer
ritual has evolved into a traditional folklore in Port Santa, fostering
prosperity in maritime trade and fisheries."

Crossing her arms over her chest, Noelia intoned with piety, "Life's
precious embrace, the harvest's grace."

Lumian, intrigued, narrowed his eyes and inquired, "Why did you change
the prayer gesture?"

*Is there a problem?*

Noelia opened her eyes and grinned.

"This was a gesture frequently used in the past, but as Earth Mother
regained some lost authority, we adopted a new posture for formal
occasions."

She rose, positioning her legs slightly apart, hands raised high, and
passionately explained to Louis Berry as if preaching.

"The feet connect to the benevolent earth, and the palms reach towards
the spiritual sky. In the middle resides the light of life. This is the
domain of the Mother of All Things."

*One can regain some of Their lost authority? *Lumian was
puzzled, but that wasn't the focal point.

Noelia settled back into her seat and continued, "While we haven't
deciphered the core process of the sea prayer ritual, years of
surveillance have yielded some insights.

"The Governor of the Sea, who successfully gains the sea's favor, wields
the power to control this stretch of the sea, preventing shipwrecks.
However, this seemingly comes at the cost of their lives and something
more. Simultaneously, the ritual triggers rapid reproduction and
thriving life in the area, ensuring fishermen a bountiful harvest. It
also intertwines with fate; families with Maidens of the Sea in their
lineage tend to experience good fortune, not just due to preferential
treatment."

*The sea prayer ritual's effects are intricate, wielding the power of
the sea domain and influencing fate, reproduction, and
abundance...* Lumian struggled to grasp the reasons behind these
occurrences.

Noelia peered into Lumian's face, her eyes bright yet gentle, and said,
"The committee members of the Fisheries Guild, some villagers from Milo
Village, and participants in the core process of the sea prayer ritual
have all acquired mystical powers. We once confronted the little devils
you encountered. When pursuing certain criminals, we discovered them
transformed into lizard-like monsters."

*Humanoid lizards? Similar to the Paco family's?* Lumian hadn't
anticipated obtaining any clues from Noelia.

Noelia smiled.

"Later, we found a commonality among those who can transform into
lizard-like monsters."

"What is it?" Lumian couldn't conceal his curiosity.

Noelia replied with a faint smile, "Their mothers were once Maidens of
the Sea."

*Maidens of the Sea's children? Child of the Sea? Which of Rubió's
siblings did I kill? Not only did he transform into a humanoid lizard,
but he also went mad and severely injured his mother? *Lumian
swiftly connected the dots, sensing he had grasped the essence of the
Paco family's commission.

Yet, confusion crept in.

*If this information is known to families with Maidens of the Sea, why
would the Paco family conceal it from Juan Oro and other committee
members in the Fisheries Guild?*

Noelia didn't seek his thoughts and teased, "After confirming the link
between the lizard-like monsters and the sea prayer ritual, we
intentionally alerted the Fisheries Guild committee members. Since then,
no such criminals have surfaced. They show discipline and restraint.
This is why, at times, I understand why the brass tacitly permit the sea
prayer ritual in Port Santa. The participants are more obedient and
easily controlled compared to adventurers like you."

Noelia implied: "I just advised you to stay away from the Fisheries
Guild. Yet, the next day, you stormed into the Governor of the Sea's
residence, pointing a gun at Juan Oro's head. That's much more
troublesome than those involved with the sea prayer ritual!"

Lumian smiled, choosing not to comment.

Noelia pondered for a moment, locking eyes with him.

"I'm not sure why you're investigating the sea prayer ritual, and I
don't want to know. What I can say is, if your actions endanger all of
Port Santa, we will step in and expel you. With that condition, we might
offer some assistance."

Lumian picked up the straw hat beside him and pressed it against his
chest.

"It would be an honor."

Noelia left the Church of Earth Mother's objectives in this matter
unspoken, and Lumian chose not to delve into it.

The combat nun of the Fertility Order rose, making her way toward the
door.

With her left hand on the handle, she abruptly turned around, her eyes
sparkling as she asked with a smile, "Do you want to have a child here?"

Lumian was taken aback.

"Madame, aren't you changing the subject too quickly?"

Noelia's eyes held a maternal glint as she said with pity, "According to
our assessment, the sea prayer ritual is at least as dangerous as a
Saint or a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact when fully utilized for a short
period. I don't know what you're up to, but once you're involved in this
matter, you can't escape just because you want to.

"Before that, have you considered leaving a descendant for yourself? I
can help you."

*Are your Church of Earth Mother's combat nuns way of inviting someone
to a one-night stand so special?* Lumian was momentarily
speechless.

Noelia spoke sincerely, "Descendants are the continuation of our lives.
Flowers wither and fall to the ground, only to bloom into a more
brilliant scenery the next year. Are you really not considering having a
descendant?"

"Not for now," Lumian replied with a cold expression.

Noelia expressed regret, "Whenever you think it through, come to me."

With that, she opened the door and walked out.