---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2030
index: 559
section: vol4
slug: 559
title: Top-Notch Collaborator
---

## Chapter 559: Top-Notch Collaborator

After making his decision, Lumian had a chance to inquire, "Who's the
suspect?"

"Lato Guiaro," the Knight of Swords announced.

Lumian recognized this individual. He was also a committee member of the
Fisheries Guild. Not only did he own shares in three large fishing boats
and the Port Santa Fisheries Company, but he was also involved in
shipbuilding, ice production, and other industries. Someone in his
family had already married a Maiden of the Sea over a hundred years ago.

Lumian asked thoughtfully, "What's Lato Guiaro's connection to Balançat
Ship Rental?"

"He's a creditor of the company and has arranged employment for many
relatives there," the Knight of Swords replied succinctly.

"It all adds up." Lumian nodded in agreement and paused to reflect.
"Let's convene at the crossroads of Saint Lana Street and Golden Wheat
Street. How about meeting in three minutes?"

He had never set foot in Lato Guiaro's extended family estate, so he
lacked the corresponding spirit world coordinates. His only
teleportation option was Saint Lana Street, relatively close to their
target. He needed to utilize Spirit World Traversal discreetly to evade
any surveillance.

"Sure." The Knight of Swords dissolved into transparency and disappeared
instantly.

Lumian spent two minutes hydrating, donning a vest and a straw hat. Only
then did the faint glow of the black mark on his right shoulder
illuminate.

In an instant, his figure vanished from the shrouded room.

At the crossroads of Saint Lana Street and Golden Wheat Street, Lumian
materialized from a concealed corner. The Knight of Swords, now sporting
disheveled brown hair, a switched flaxen-colored shirt, and a dark brown
vest, stood at the fringe of the crimson moonlight. His pallid face and
oppressive eyes hinted at an underlying transformation, as if he could
shed his human guise at any moment, revealing a monstrous form fueled by
pent-up desires.

While others might miss these subtleties, Lumian, being an Ascetic,
possessed a heightened sensitivity to such situations.

*The temperance faction, indeed...* Lumian mused at the Knight
of Swords's appearance, entertaining a whimsical thought.

*Bro, ever considered embracing Inevitability? As an Alms Monk or an
Ascetic, you'd spare yourself from enduring so much!*

Of course, Lumian merely toyed with the idea and wouldn't actually
propose it. Without the right strokes of luck, the boon of an evil god
could gradually corrupt Beyonders within the potion system, eventually
transforming them into humanoid monsters aligned with the evil deity.
Nevertheless, his musings hinted at the potential synergy between
specific Sequences of the boon system and potion system.

"Let's proceed." As the Knight of Swords remained silent, Lumian took
the lead and spoke.

The Knight of Swords nodded, and they followed the shadows along the
street, turning into Golden Wheat Street at a measured pace, heading
north.

Soon, they reached a five-story building resembling a small castle.

Observing the illuminated windows and grayish-blue outer walls, the
Knight of Swords pointed at a specific glass pane, noting,

"That's Lato's bedroom. He and his wife sleep in separate rooms."

*The gathered intelligence is impressively detailed...* Lumian
acknowledged silently and inquired, "What's your plan?"

"Sneak in and take control of the target," the Knight of Swords
responded succinctly.

Isn't that a bit too straightforward and crude? The Guiaro family likely
employs more than just ordinary Beyonders. Some members may have gained
powers through the sea prayer ritual... Lumian recalled the unique
characteristics of a Wraith and assessed his capabilities. With one hand
in his pocket, he casually remarked, "Okay."

With those words, his form dissolved into a shadow, seamlessly merging
with the darkness.

Beside him, the Knight of Swords had already vanished.

Utilizing the shadows cast on the building's outer wall, Lumian deftly
infiltrated Lato Guiaro's room.

In an instant, his target came into view.

A middle-aged man, with slightly curly black hair and dark brown eyes,
adorned in a dark-blue cotton robe, greeted Lumian's sight. His long
face featured a neatly trimmed thick beard.

Lato Guiaro's expression morphed into one of fear, and his body froze.
He stumbled toward the shadow concealing Lumian.

In the reflection within each eye of the Fisheries Guild committee
member, Lumian spotted the pale-faced Knight of Swords, clad in a dark
brown vest and flaxen-colored shirt, with disheveled brown hair!

Observing Lato Guiaro losing control of his body, unable to utter a
sound, Lumian stepped out of the shadow, returning to his original form.

An oppressive heaviness enveloped the air around him, akin to the weight
of seawater.

Apart from this, nothing seemed amiss.

With a controlled step, Lumian approached Lato Guiaro, a sensation akin
to moving through a swamp.

He refrained from resorting to the direct use of the Spell of Harrumph.
Firstly, the other party seemed powerless and could be managed through
alternative means, saving his spiritual energy. Secondly, Lumian
hesitated due to uncertainty about whether the Spell of Harrumph would
incapacitate both of them, given the forceful possession of Lato Guiaro
by the Knight of Swords.

Retrieving a bottle of sedative from the Bliss Society, Lumian unscrewed
the cap and brought it to Lato Guiaro's nose.

Fanning the opening with his hand to hasten the gas's flow, after about
ten seconds, the committee member of the Fisheries Guild closed his eyes
and slumped into unconsciousness.

Remarkably, he remained standing, not collapsing to the ground.

The Tarot Club's Minor Arcana card holder, the Knight of Swords,
maintained absolute control over Lato Guiaro's body.

*This is even simpler than employing teleportation and the Spell of
Harrumph... I've faced numerous Beyonders before, but never have I
subdued one without laying a hand on them. I strolled up casually,
administering the sedative. A Wraith truly stands as an exceptional
ally, capable of harmonizing with any Sequence of any pathway... Yes, a
Wraith remains impervious to anesthetic gasses. The Bliss Society's
sedative had no effect on him.* As Lumian observed the noiseless
resolution, he almost felt as if he hadn't partaken in the skirmish at
all.

He returned the Bliss Society sedative to his concealed pocket and
retrieved a canister of truth serum. Seizing the moment, he administered
nearly a third of it to Lato Guiaro. Sensing that the sedative's impact
might be short-lived on Beyonders with unknown traits like Lato Guiaro,
he hastened to complete his preparations before the target regained
consciousness.

Within 20 to 30 seconds, Lato Guiaro's eyes fluttered open.

First, he encountered Louis Berry, the adventurer in the golden straw
hat, adorned with a faint smile. Subsequently, he discovered himself
seated on a chair at some indeterminate moment, facing the divan in the
bedroom.

Lato attempted to scream, but his vocal cords rebelled, rendering him
motionless.

"Have you grasped your situation?" Lumian reclined on the sofa, placing
his right foot on his left knee.

He spoke in Intisian.

Fear etched across Lato's face, rendering him unable to nod or respond.

While he possessed certain abilities, Lato was certain they wouldn't
suffice against the adventurer Louis Berry. They would likely result in
a renewed coma or a swift lightning strike.

"What do you want?" Lato suddenly inquired.

He, too, knew Intisian.

Attempting to raise his hand in surprise to touch his neck, he found
himself immobilized.

Lato Guiaro lapsed into silence.

With a smile, Lumian responded, "I have a few questions for you. Answer
them satisfactorily, and I might consider letting you live until
tomorrow to assist me in spreading the word about this affair."

Lato remained silent for a moment before consenting, "What do you want
to know?"

Lumian casually shook his right ankle.

"Are Nolfi and Batna with you?"

"Yes," Lato responded with a strong inclination to divulge information.
"They're locked up in the basement. They're still alive. I just want to
use them."

"For what?" Lumian inquired, intrigued.

Lato's lips trembled as he explained, "I intend to use them to lead you
to the location of the sea sacrificial ritual and guide you to rent a
boat there."

"So, you're the one who wrote that note..." Lumian exclaimed in
realization. "How do you plan to guide me?"

Lato struggled to articulate his actions, but his mouth moved faster
than his thoughts.

"I want you to discover that Nolfi and the Batna intend to rent a boat
and head out to sea. Then, I'll arrange for them to seize an opportunity
to escape and relay something to you, letting you know the significance
of the sea area."

"And then?" Lumian inquired with curiosity.

Lato sealed his lips shut but eventually spoke.

"What they will tell you is the truth, but they are unaware of one
thing: "Never engage a Child of the Sea in a sea battle! Juan Oro awaits
you in that sea region, ready to bury you entirely!"

*So, the Fisheries Guild planted a deceptive trail through the clue
about Nolfi, posing as a turncoat to lure me into a trap and eliminate
me... If I hadn't swiftly revealed my intent to investigate the sea
prayer ritual, exposing Nolfi and Batna to exploitation, they might
already be sleeping with the fishes... The skirmish against Lugano was
crafted to deceive me...* As Lumian's thoughts raced, he heard
Lato express confusion, "You haven't even started your investigation.
How did you find me? You merely sent your interpreter to inquire about
Nolfi and the others' whereabouts. There was no follow-up..."

Lumian's smile held a cryptic undertone as he disclosed, "Do you think
I'm here alone to investigate the sea prayer ritual?

"I represent the will of many. Numerous comrades lurk in the shadows of
Port Santa."

Lato felt a chill course through his stiffened body, lending credence to
Lumian's words.

Lumian raised his right hand and stroked his chin.

"Where does your power come from?"

Lato's throat constricted as he answered, "From the sea. Each sea prayer
ritual grants us strength.

"Unfortunately, the ritual failed last year. We received no
replenishment for two years, and everyone weakened to varying degrees.
Otherwise, Juan Oro would have finished you long ago. He would have cast
your lifeless form into Wave Square, a stark warning to those who cross
us!"

*Similar to a boon? Theoretically, without replenishment, a boon's power
will gradually wane...* Lumian pondered for a moment and
remarked,

"The sea prayer ritual is a large-scale boon-seeking ritual, with the
Governor of the Sea as the primary sacrifice?"

Lato contemplated for a moment before responding,"He serves as both
sacrifice and host. Juan Oro and we act as assistant hosts.

"The sea prayer ritual is essentially a marriage to the sea and
appeasing it. The boon is a byproduct."

"Marriage to the sea?" Lumian suddenly found his imagination lacking.