---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2060
index: 584
section: vol4
slug: 584
title: '"Helper"'
---

## Chapter 584: "Helper"

Inside the underwater spaceship, in the silvery hall.

Lumian, enveloped by crimson, nearly white flames, transformed into a
fireball and hurtled towards Ultraman Lato Guiaro.

The key April Fool's member remained composed. Holding his breath, he
thrust forward with his left palm.

Lumian instantly sensed an invisible force resisting him, causing the
blazing crimson fireball to decelerate abruptly, akin to a trapped
insect in transparent amber.

Seizing the moment, Lato Guiaro raised his right hand, clenching it into
a fist.

A ball of blazing white pure sunlight condensed and compressed, swiftly
morphing into a thick, formidable laser aimed at Lumian, fused with the
crimson near-white fireball.

This ability resulted from merging the Sun pathway and the Sea boon,
utilizing the power of the Sun pathway to propel the Sea boon's
Weakening Ray. Though it no longer altered the target's body gradually,
causing various negative symptoms, its penetration and melting effects
were significantly enhanced, capable of directly injuring or even
killing the target.

In the enclosed, poisonous gas-filled environment with the constant
threat of malice, Lato Guiaro sought to conclude the battle swiftly
rather than wait for Lumian Lee to weaken gradually. Thus, he opted for
Sun Ray instead of Weakening Ray.

At laser speed, Sun Ray struck the crimson fireball, melting a
substantial hole into it.

The fireball lost its structural integrity and exploded, scattering like
rain.

Yet, Lumian was nowhere among the remnants. He seemed to have vanished
into thin air.

Simultaneously, behind Ultraman Lato Guiaro, Lumian's figure, adorned
with the Lie earring, swiftly materialized.

Initially, Lumian transformed into a fireball and soared towards Lato
Guiaro, intending to force him into using Beyonder powers and
counterattack. This allowed him to "fix" his original location, not
shifting prematurely, creating an opportunity to "teleport" behind the
target in the fireball state for a surprise attack.

Having faced bestowed of the sea before, Lumian was aware of Lato
Guiaro's ability to manipulate the weight or floatation of objects using
the power of the land and stars, altering their speed.

To successfully use Spirit World Traversal in his fireball form, Lumian
borrowed Lie's Flame Controlling ability.

As his figure materialized, he promptly opened his mouth and hissed at
Ultraman Lato Guiaro, less than two meters away.

"Ha!"

A pale-yellow beam, resembling gas, shot towards the April Fool's key
member.

Lato Guiaro didn't have time to turn around, sensing the impending
danger through his fate perception, a skill obtained from deciphering
the Language of the Stars Beyonder powers.

Specks of starlight emerged in his eyes. He identified several
"passages" in the silver hall suffused with cerulean-blue gasses,
imperceptible to ordinary humans. Hastily choosing one, he pounced
over---a navigating ability bestowed by the sea.

Simultaneously, uncertain of evading the attack from behind, Lato Guiaro
infused the surroundings with layers of golden light.

This was the Purification Halo of a Sequence 5 Priest of Light of the
Sun pathway.

Amidst the harrumph, the pale-yellow beam swept past Lato Guiaro's back,
hidden somewhere in the void.

The key member of April Fool's, code name Ultraman, fainted, but his
momentum remained. He continued into the illusory passageway, hidden
from ordinary eyes, traversing space and dimensions.

Lumian, within two meters, couldn't "teleport" away in time and was
enveloped by the Purification Halo.

His heart ached, as if something sought to tear his body apart and crawl
out.

Faintly, he heard the illusory ravings of the entity known as
Inevitability, Mr. Fool, or both.

Unclear but unsettling, they made Lumian's brain feel pulled out of his
skull by an invisible hand.

Despite an Ascetic's endurance, Lumian couldn't help but groan in pain.
Collapsing to the ground, he curled up.

A similar experience occurred in his Cordu dream, a reaction after being
sprinkled by Valentine's holy water. Lato Guiaro's Purification Halo, an
advanced Sun Halo, had evolved from harmless to a partial Sun Holy Water
effect. It could exorcize evil spirits and purify the evil power within
a target's body.

As Lato Guiaro lay unconscious, the Purification Halo vanished in a
flash, only partially dispelling the poisonous gas.

Similarly, the unconscious Lato Guiaro couldn't progress through the
illusory passageway, breaking free and falling three to four meters in
front of Lumian. The impact left him in pain, slowly regaining
consciousness.

At that moment, Lumian slowly recovered from the intense pain induced by
the Purification Halo.

Lato Guiaro, just waking up and still uncertain of the situation,
instinctively re-entered the illusory passageway to increase the
distance between himself and Lumian Lee. This move aimed to avoid
another strike from Lumian's Psychic Piercing-like ability or any other
unforeseen attacks.

Upon crawling back to the hall through the exit of the illusory
passageway, Lumian had already raised his head and regained his
composure, though his forehead was soaked in cold sweat.

Observing this, Lato Guiaro felt neither pity, disappointment, nor
regret. Instead, he was pleasantly surprised.

*It's effective!*

*Purification Halo is effective against Lumian Lee!*

After confirming that the adventurer Louis Berry was indeed Lumian Lee,
Lato Guiaro contemplated how to strategize if he were to engage in a
battle with him.

It was simple with the authority of the Governor of the Sea. He could
repeatedly cast the other party into the Cosmic Void, making him lose
himself over and over. Without the Governor of the Sea's authority, he
had to consider how to exploit Lumian Lee's vulnerabilities.

Lumian Lee's unique characteristics were clear---possessing a sealing
power of the same origin as the Celestial Worthy, with a high-ranking
creature sealed within him.

Beyonders in this state often had false high-level statuses and enjoyed
numerous conveniences, but they were susceptible to the Sun pathway's
abilities.

Lato Guiaro wasn't certain about the effectiveness of the Sun Halo,
Cleave of Purification, and other abilities, nor was he sure of the
Purification Halo's potency. The only certainty lay in the effectiveness
of the Sun Holy Water he could create.

Therefore, if the Purification Halo proved ineffective against Lumian
Lee, he would swiftly produce Sun Holy Water and sprinkle it on him.

Looking at Lumian, Lato Guiaro smiled, once again dyeing the
surroundings golden as layer after layer spread out.

This sealed environment was ideal for employing the Purification Halo.
It denied Lumian Lee a chance to distance himself or "teleport" closer.
The entire hall was essentially enveloped by the Purification Halo!

Furthermore, in the spaceship, there was no fear of Lumian Lee losing
control and transforming into a monster, unleashing the high-level
creature within his body. An intruder at this level would inevitably
trigger the spaceship's automatic defense system targeting him. Lato
Guiaro might then seize control of the spaceship!

*Didn't your sister tell you something Emperor Roselle once
said?*

*If you rely on something to obtain specialness and become stronger, you
will definitely be punished because of it!*

Upon seeing the surging layers of golden light, Lumian raised his right
hand and vanished.

*Where is he "teleporting" to this time? As long as he's in the hall, he
can't avoid the Purification Halo!* Lato Guiaro watched the
other party's struggle with certainty and a smile.

Unless Lumian Lee chose to leave the hall, it was impossible for him not
to be affected by the Purification Halo. With the spaceship's barrier
raised, the door closed, and the place sealed, and using the unique
power of the sea, if he wanted to "teleport" out, he had to first
destroy the surrounding walls or metal doors to create an exit.

This was also advantageous for Lato Guiaro.

No one knew what the spaceship would unleash in this hall next!

Layer after layer of Purification Halos rapidly "drowned" Lumian's
original location, but nothing happened. Lumian's figure was nowhere to
be seen in the silver-white hall.

*Wh...* Lato Guiaro's pupils constricted.

*Where did Lumian Lee go?*

*Is his teleportation ability unaffected by the sealed interior of the
spaceship?*

*Or has he gone into hiding?*

Lato Guiaro's heart skipped a beat; he extended his right hand and
pulled.

The void in the hall stirred, unveiling an abnormal area nestled between
two walls, flanked by dark holes emitting cerulean-blue gas.

*Creating an unstable space and hiding inside to avoid the Purification
Halo? That's true. The Purification Halo's purpose is to exorcize,
purify, warm, and provide courage. Without substantial offensive power,
it can't destroy the structure of that space... Lumian Lee actually
possesses such an ability.* Lato Guiaro quickly saw through
Lumian's trick. Calmly raising his right hand, he condensed a
penetrating dark-green ray.

Simultaneously, he harnessed his basic control over gravity to pull at
the fabricated space.

The dark-green ray struck the spot where it had been pulled, instantly
penetrating and obliterating the structure.

Silently shattered, the dark-green ray continued forward, hitting a
silver-white full-body armor with its back turned to Lato Guiaro.

The dark-green ray, now weakened to a certain extent, faded away.

The silver-white full-body armor suddenly pivoted, and two pairs of eyes
appeared to lock onto Lato Guiaro from within the vacant helmet.

In the next moment, it charged toward the April Fool's key member,
forming a broadsword of light in its hand.

As the silver-white full-body armor rushed out, Lumian's figure emerged
in the corner.

He had utilized the terrain there to arrange a simple Bottle of Fiction,
using the large hole that emitted poisonous gas as a symbolic window.
His goal was twofold: first, to evade the influence of the Purification
Halo, and second, to position the Pride Armor with its back facing Lato
Guiaro.

Yes, this cursed armor might only target someone standing a certain
distance behind it, but it might not. What if that person not only stood
more than ten meters behind it but also attempted to attack it by
stabbing it in the back?

The answer was clear!

Now, Lumian had a capable helper unafraid of the Purification Halo.