---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2064
index: 588
section: vol4
slug: 588
title: Degree of Madness
---

## Chapter 588: Degree of Madness

Mr. K shifted instantaneously, tapping into the Grazed Traveler's soul.
His eyes took on an otherworldly glow, as if concealing doors to
different realms.

His form faded, and in an instant, a luminous white column surrounded by
flames emerged, shrouding him within its fiery embrace.

In the ensuing moment, Mr. K, stripped of his Devil guise, materialized
in a corner of the metallic beehive. His form liquefied, his flesh
resembling dripping candle wax.

The Secrets Suppliant pathway symbolized corruption, its influence
curtailed by the Sun pathway's capabilities.

Half-melted flesh and blood cascaded onto the metal floor, seeping into
it in a bizarre manner. Soon, it was absorbed by the spaceship Mad Lady
had earlier detailed. Even Mr. K felt the weight of an unseen force, as
if an invisible hand pressed him down. His attempts to extricate himself
from the metallic floor proved futile, and he continued sinking
gradually.

Mad Lady, with grayish-green eyes gleaming, teleported near Mr. K.

Despite his blood-colored wax-drenched visage, Mr. K faced Mad Lady
without a trace of fear. His focus remained fixed on the evil god's aura
emanating from the metal hive---his ultimate target.

He switched the Grazed soul to an Arbiter pathway Beyonder, with two
bolts of lightning gathering in the depths of his darkened eyes.

Psychic Piercing!

Mad Lady refrained from teleporting. The illusory book within her eyes
flipped open, revealing the kaleidoscope of colors on Mr. K's body and
the shifting hues of light during his Grazed soul transitions.

Excitement illuminated Mad Lady's face. Raising her right hand, she
prepared to delicately twist it clockwise.

Steal!

This was an ability she had Recorded from Bard.

A sudden, intriguing notion captivated Mad Lady's thoughts---she yearned
to witness the aftermath of stealing the Grazing ability from a
Shepherd.

It was crucial to understand that her Steal ability was limited to just
one from a target, devoid of any connections to the abilities that came
with it. In essence, after snatching the Grazing ability, the soul,
characteristics, and powers under Grazing's influence would persist
within Mr. K's body.

In this state, Mad Lady pondered whether Shepherds would grapple with
internal conflicts, the fusion of characteristics, or a loss of control
akin to the switching between non-adjacent pathways.

Excitement bubbled within Mad Lady as she deliberately Blinked near Mr.
K, compelling him to switch Grazed souls. She observed keenly, eager to
discern which light aligned with Grazing.

As for Mr. K's reaction, she cared little.

*You continue your fight; I continue my steal. Whoever dies first
loses!*

Simultaneously, the metal floor, saturated with Mr. K's flesh, quivered
unexpectedly. A previously concealed door within the metal hive
withdrew, unveiling a passageway that hinted at a silver metallic hall
beyond.

A formidable suction force emanated from that direction. While her
attempt to steal Mr. K's Grazing ability was underway, Mad
Lady---lacking the strength---was propelled into the air. Dark-blond
hair whipped around wildly as she soared toward the origin of the
anomaly.

Meanwhile, Mr. K remained "locked" to the metal floor. Though his body
swayed precariously, on the verge of being pulled away, he held his
ground, unsteady yet resilient.

The face of the blood-colored wax-streaked Aurora Order Oracle betrayed
an anxious expression.

The enemy was on the verge of escape!

The source of the evil god corruption had revealed itself!

Mr. K swiftly switched back to the corresponding Devil spirit, summoning
a broadsword forged from crimson lava and pale-blue flames. Targeting
his body adhered to the metal floor, he executed a slashing motion.

Beneath his calf, flesh promptly separated from his main body, the
incision undergoing a mesmerizing melding of half-melting and
half-reforming.

Having relinquished a portion of his flesh, Mr. K allowed pale-white,
moist, and freshly-formed limbs to squirm out from the severed stump.
Concurrently, he harnessed the formidable suction force to pursue Mad
Lady and draw closer to the source of corruption.

In midair, he witnessed Lumian, disguised, clutching the door frame in a
struggle against the menacing suction. He observed the motionless
silver-white full-body armor seamlessly blending with the floor.

Mad Lady surged ahead, on the verge of "flying" past Lumian.

With a wave of her right hand, she emitted a greeting-like "hello", her
face radiating excitement and anticipation.

Lumian's pupils constricted. Disregarding his precarious state, he
harrumphed.

Two beams of white light shot forth from his nostrils, accurately aimed
at Mad Lady but influenced by the tangible and enigmatic suction force.
They bent and "plunged" deeper into the tunnel.

At that moment, Lumian's grip on the silver metal door frame neared its
breaking point, blood seeping from the strain.

Faintly, he sensed an abundance of flesh and skin deep within the
tunnel, intertwining to shape a colossal structure resembling a
pear-shaped bird's nest.

Suspended in midair, fleshy ropes, as thick as two or three adult arms
and covered in a translucent membrane, extended, linking the distant
wall, the ceiling above, and the metal on the ground.

Within these flesh and blood tendrils, specks of starlight and a
mysterious dark substance flowed into the massive pear-shaped object.

The bird's nest-like structure was contracting inward, its various parts
deeply sunken, delineating lines that hinted at a substantial disk.

The terrifying suction force, capable of manipulating both reality and
mystery, emanated from this pear-shaped object composed of skin, flesh,
and blood.

At that moment, the outlines on the pear-shaped object quivered, and all
the indentations bulged and expanded.

With this transformation, fragments of starlight spilled from the fleshy
bird's nest, rushing into every cabin within the spaceship.

This event resembled the prior two releases of the sea's power, yet
lacked the grandeur and vastness, lacking the potential to rend apart
anyone obstructing its path.

Lumian could already envision the repetitive expulsion, understanding
that the silver-gray behemoth had amassed a power capable of threatening
the seal. Year after year, it required the extraction of this
accumulated pressure.

As the abundance of starlight scattered, the formidable suction force
dissipated.

With two thuds, Mad Lady and Mr. K collided with the ground. One found
herself in the tunnel leading to the fleshy "bird's nest," while the
other lay in the silver hall where Lumian and Ultraman had previously
battled.

Lumian released his grip, landing on the ground. His gaze swiftly
fixated on the April Fool's key member, adorned with clumps of flesh and
blood on her face.

Mad Lady sprang up, exclaiming to him and Mr. K, "Did you see that? Did
you see that? That's an incubating deity. Yes, it should be a deity!"

Despite the intense fluctuations in Mad Lady's emotions, Mr. K discerned
no sincerity in her tone.

Her mention of "deity" sounded more like "powerful and terrifying
monster," a mere description.

In the next instant, Lumian materialized behind Mad Lady, who promptly
vanished on the spot, "Blinking" closer to where the starlight had
scattered.

Lumian, sensing danger instinctively, felt his heart quicken
involuntarily.

He hesitated to delve too deeply into the tunnel, avoiding proximity to
the flesh and blood "bird's nest" he had vaguely "seen" before.
Unimaginable horrors were certain to unfold.

However, Mad Lady sprinted in that direction.

*Let her venture deeper and potentially meet her end?* Lumian's
thoughts raced, torn between decisions.

Another second passed, and Mr. K teleported in front of Lumian,
fervently pursuing Mad Lady.

In that moment, Lumian, who had often considered himself a bit
eccentric, found himself yearning for a bit more normalcy from the duo
ahead of him.

While he could comprehend Mr. K's choices and actions---rooted in
unwavering faith in God and the pursuit of divine will, coupled with a
hint of extremism---Mad Lady's conduct exceeded his expectations.

Drawing from I Know Someone's confession and Mad Lady's previous
behavior, Lumian detected no signs of her fanatical devotion to the
Celestial Worthy. Simultaneously, due to the ongoing conflict between
the Celestial Worthy and Mr. Fool, she couldn't always rely on
protection.

This raised a question for Lumian.

*If Mad Lady consistently courted danger, how had she managed to survive
to this day?*

April Fool's lacked the strict hierarchy and coordination seen in the
Aurora Order. Most of the time, members operated independently with
minimal interaction. Protecting Mad Lady from the start, allowing her to
grow steadily with such a mindset, seemed implausible.

*Could it be that I Know Someone had once overseen the treatment of Mad
Lady's mental and psychological issues? After his demise, did Mad Lady's
problems exacerbate?* Lumian quickly formulated a plausible
explanation, but considering Mad Lady's conduct on the betrothal ship,
her current state struck him as abnormal.

On the betrothal ship, faced with the impending release of the sea's
power in the energy passageway, Mad Lady, though eager and seeking
excitement, had an escape route. As long as she didn't delay until the
last moment, she could teleport away, avoiding the actual risk of death.

Now, whatever lurked in the depths of the tunnel made Lumian, despite
his feigned high level, intuitively uneasy. He believed it represented
an almost certain death sentence. Yet, Mad Lady persisted in her attempt
to approach!

*Could there be a reason compelling her to make contact with that
object?* Lumian wondered. He suspected that Mad Lady's actions
might be part of the Celestial Worthy's scheme, convincing her that she
could confront the provocation head-on and escape in time.

*I can't let her and that Celestial Worthy succeed... Besides,
personally, I look forward to ending her myself rather than witnessing
her being swallowed by that dangerous object...* Lumian's eyes
narrowed, the desire to teleport forward and intercept Mad Lady
compelling him.

However, preventing a Traveler from reaching a specific location in such
a manner was clearly impossible. Lumian hesitated, unwilling to
genuinely approach the flesh-and-blood "bird's nest" deep within the
tunnel.

Suddenly, an idea struck him.

*The peculiar structure's rejection of outsiders seems to have lifted,
and with Lato Guiaro, a person possessing a potent sea bloodline,
deceased. Could I attempt to gain temporary authority as the Governor of
the Sea to halt Mad Lady's progress?*

With that in mind, Lumian embarked on his endeavor.

Activating the power of the sea within him, he allowed his Astral
Projection to merge and swiftly expand outward.