---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2070
index: 594
section: vol4
slug: 594
title: Execution
---

## Chapter 594: Execution

Franca almost chuckled in exasperation at Bard's remark.

April Fool's not only deceived outsiders but also themselves. If they
didn't believe in Celestial Worthy, cooperation wouldn't be on the
table.

Bard delved into his knowledge about Castle Dylan.

"That ancient castle used to be the domain of a secret organization
known as the Secret Order. Loki became a member of the organization when
he transmigrated. The story goes that the initial leader of the Secret
Order personally constructed the ancient castle and concealed it over a
century ago."

Curious, Franca inquired, "Who's leading the Secret Order now?"

Bard shook his head slowly.

"Loki is in the dark about that too. Only those who've become Bizarro
Sorcerers or Sequence 4 demigods within the Secret Order can meet the
leader and establish a connection with him. Others merely follow the
orders of their direct superiors.

"Loki once contemplated murdering his mentor, his immediate superior in
the Secret Order, to gain the Bizarro Sorcerer Beyonder characteristic
and stage a grand performance. Yet, due to his comprehension and fear of
Bizarro Sorcerers, he never solidified this idea into a concrete plan.
Eventually, he gathered all the Bizarro Sorcerer potion ingredients in
Castle Dylan and entirely abandoned his initial scheme.

"Do you think a hidden place like Castle Dylan, with its long history,
would be quiet, cold, and sinister? Contrary to expectations, Loki
informed me that it's quite lively, featuring a grand performance every
day."

*A grand performance...* Hela recalled the pitch-black ancient
castle she had glimpsed in Loki's dream, along with the wax-statue-like
guests inside.

Deep in thought, Lumian asked Bard, "How do you suggest we locate Castle
Dylan?"

"I'm still missing crucial clues," Bard admitted sincerely. "If finding
Castle Dylan were that straightforward, the current leader of the Secret
Order would have seized it and ousted Loki. No, he would've turned Loki
into his puppet."

Lumian intended to inquire more thoroughly with Ludwig later, seeking
any information he might have gained after consuming half of Loki's arm.

"What about Hisoka? What insights do you have on Hisoka?" Lumian
inquired.

Bard seemed to recollect something.

"That guy doesn't quite fit in. He prefers going solo. The rare
instances of collaboration are mostly with Mad Lady.

"We all sense his emotions are pretty unpredictable, swinging between
joy and anger. Mad Lady, however, remarked that he's not pure enough.

"He's highly dangerous---on par with Loki. His specific path remains a
mystery. I've witnessed him using his abilities twice, both times
involving mystical items. It's a poker card that can change its face,
showcasing the attributes of Frost and Cut respectively. Word has it
that Hisoka sought out an Artisan outside the Research Society to
customize it after hunting a Beyonder."

*Regrettably, Mad Lady is dead, and there's no means to commune with her
spirit. She undoubtedly held more information about Hisoka... Does not
being pure enough mean that Hisoka isn't as unhinged as he appears? Is
his occasional madness a deliberate facade?* Lumian pondered
with a twinge of regret.

Even though Lumian had obtained Mad Lady's remains, her spirit had been
severely corrupted by Celestial Worthy. Some of it had even been "washed
away" by the power of the sea, completely obliterated.

Lumian sighed quietly and shifted the conversation to a different topic.

"Do you have insights into the sea's power on Ultraman?"

"Indeed." Bard shared his findings candidly. "I played a role in
deciphering the extraterrestrial language, although the Celestial Worthy
provided crucial revelations. Additionally, the power of the sea is not
exclusive to the offspring of Port Santa. I once encountered two
heretics in Lenburg with similar abilities, and I managed to extract
corresponding knowledge from them.

"This information greatly aided my decryption efforts, revealing that
this pathway is not solely tied to the sea. In fact, only a small
portion of it involves the sea.

"The power primarily emanates from the stars and the land beneath our
feet. As you all are aware, our world is, after all, a planet.

"The corresponding Sequence 9 is known as Astronomy Aficionado. It
focuses on acquiring knowledge of the cosmos, related information, an
initial perception of reality, and enhancing one's physique.

"Sequence 8, named Star Worshiper, can decipher the Star Language or the
Language of the Stars and receive insights into fate.

"Sequence 7, called Star Sacrificer, gains true powers through
sacrificial rituals involving the stars. This encompasses Gravity
Abnormality, Weakening Ray, Electromagnetic Attraction, and Cosmic Void.

"Sequence 6 is Navigator. They possess a deeper understanding of space
and dimensions, allowing them to locate hidden passageways in the void
and navigate and adjust routes between the stars. Navigating ships at
sea becomes a straightforward task for them.

"Sequence 5, Tidal Scholar, further masters gravity and can whip up
massive waves capable of shattering ships and demolishing docks.

"As for Sequence 4, it's known as Heavybringer. Unfortunately, I'm not
too certain about their specific abilities."

Lumian remained silent, taking a couple of steps back and signaling for
Franca and the others to continue questioning.

His primary concern centered around Loki's connection to Hisoka;
anything else seemed less crucial.

Franca studied Bard for a moment before inquiring, "Have you recruited
other members into April Fool's?"

"Yes," Bard admitted without hesitation.

After detailing what he knew about the April Fool's members outside the
Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society, Franca asked with curiosity, "Why
did you choose the nickname Bard? Considering your past identity and
current class, wouldn't Kaitō or Kid be more fitting?"

Bard responded calmly, "My current body was a bard, a wandering artist
who often dabbled in thievery and swindling. He met his end when
discovered trying to cheat others out of their money, suffering a severe
beating."

*Cheat, swindle, and steal---*Franca thought. *You know
everything; it suits you quite well.*

Franca turned to Hela and Gandalf, stating, "I have no further
questions."

"Neither do I," Gandalf acknowledged, recognizing that Bard's life was
approaching its end.

Muggle's brother wouldn't let him off the hook!

"Neither do I," Hela added.

Lumian raised his right hand, generating a dark-green glow at his
fingertips.

The light transformed into a strange ray, penetrating Bard's chest.

Weakening Ray!

Lumian still had access to a week's worth of sea power, approaching the
level of Sequence 5.

Bard's face contorted, muscles and nerves reacting instinctively.

His chest, close to his neck, rapidly melted and peeled, exposing the
flesh beneath.

Seeing this, Gandalf sighed again.

Gandalf sighed, condensing a straight sword with Sunrise Gleam and
driving it towards Bard.

The light blade impaled Bard's head, and he crumpled to the ground with
a thud, held down by the sword.

Bard writhed like a skinned insect, convulsing as life left his body.

Lumian observed in silence, refraining from intervening as Gandalf freed
Bard.

When Bard's breath ceased, and he lay motionless, Lumian turned to
Gandalf and Hela.

"Thank you for your assistance."

"It's our duty. We're all accountable for the harm April Fool's caused
to the other members of the Research Society," Gandalf responded
gravely.

Lumian didn't contest. Instead, he disclosed, "Before the operation, I
mentioned joining a secret organization before assuming my sister's
identity. To seek revenge, I invited members of that secret organization
to assist. I believe you all have seen or sensed their presence."

He strategically linked the appearance of the Tarot Club to himself,
safeguarding Franca's identity as a Minor Arcana card holder.

"And which organization is that?" Gandalf inquired curiously.

As per Hela's account, the secret organization exhibited Angel-level
power, and the demigod "Cinderella" who appeared at sea was equally
formidable.

"The Tarot Club," Lumian revealed truthfully.

"You're one of the Minor Arcana card holders?" Gandalf deduced.

He had heard about the Tarot Club.

Lumian nodded without denying it.

Curiosity piqued, Franca asked, "Which card represents that 'Cinderella'
demigod? And why does her magic have such a dreamy quality? Moreover, it
resembles fairy tales from before our transmigration!"

She maintained her role while genuinely expressing curiosity.

Lumian recalled Madam Magician's guidance and grinned.

"Major Arcana card, The Hermit."

Pausing momentarily, he added, "I'm uncertain about why she can
transform your fairy tales into magic. What I do know is that she's
closely tied to Emperor Roselle's descendant."

"Descendant of Emperor Roselle's eldest daughter, Bernadette?" Franca
and the others, having read numerous entries from Roselle's diary,
immediately speculated.

"Perhaps, but it's not Bernadette herself," Lumian honestly disclosed.

That was the extent of his knowledge.

"Is that so..." Franca, Gandalf, and Hela felt enlightened.

*So, it was connected to Emperor Roselle's faction!*

It made sense for the Emperor to create fairytale magic.

After a brief pause, Lumian suggested, "You should probably prevent the
Research Society from disseminating those fairy tales."

"Understood," Gandalf agreed.

Lumian pondered for a moment before stating, "I've concluded my
involvement with the Research Society and have joined another secret
organization. It's no longer suitable for me to participate in the
Research Society's gatherings. You may find an opportunity to reveal the
truth to the other members."

Gandalf and Hela exchanged glances and proposed, "You can continue
playing the role of Muggle and acquire resources and assistance from the
Research Society. We owe it to your sister."