---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2079
index: 603
section: vol4
slug: 603
title: Organs Again
---

## Chapter 603: Organs Again

The dark-green light morphed into a beam, slamming into the old man's
chest and sinking into the loose black robe, akin to sunlight,
unstoppable.

Already appearing seven to eight years younger, the old man's expression
twisted, and every inch of exposed skin displayed signs of melting.

His aura rapidly waned.

Simultaneously, a burst of vigorous life force erupted from his body.
Under the melting skin, flesh and blood writhed, resisting the mutation.

The black-robed old man's eyes darkened, and he abruptly faded away.

In an instant, a hazy face emerged from the armchair at the dining
table, blending with the brown wood, about to gain clarity.

At that moment, a cascade of flames descended from the
crimson-flame-covered ceiling, soaking the armchair and swiftly setting
it ablaze.

Before the brown face could fully materialize, it succumbed to the
raging flames, forced to retreat.

Lumian lost sight and sense of the black-robed elder subsequently.

While surveying the surroundings, Lugano, lying on the dining table,
suddenly sat up and jumped down. He stared at Lumian with vacant eyes,
like a wandering zombie.

Lumian chuckled, raising his right hand and pointing at Lugano.

With this gesture, specks of brilliance shimmered in his eyes, as if the
cosmos had descended.

Lugano found himself in an empty night sky, surrounded by twinkling
stars.

He stood rooted to the ground in a daze. Without any subsequent actions,
he resembled a machine that had lost its energy and controller.

Having settled his servant, Lumian surveyed his surroundings once more.

Yet, his eyes brimmed with flowing and burning crimson flames, and the
black-robed elder's figure remained elusive.

Lumian's expression remained stoic as he splayed the five fingers on his
right hand, clenching them into a fist.

His body suddenly grew heavy, and the flames surrounding him surged
towards him like a river converging into the sea, drawn by an invisible
force.

Bottles, organs from various body parts, and lightweight items in the
room soared towards Lumian.

On the wooden coat rack near the door, the transparent figure of the
black-robed elder protruded, pulled away by an unseen force.

He fought with all his might, but he couldn't resist the pull towards
Lumian. It was akin to a piece of wood caught in a flood or a thin leaf
fluttering in a fierce wind.

Lumian's left hand was already raised, and the crimson, nearly white
flame in his palm rapidly turned white under the intense suction force,
forming a minuscule ball.

Layers of compressed white-hot fireballs were unleashed, and the weighty
and fearsome suction force dissipated.

*Pa!* The black-robed elder finally landed on the floor, his
vision completely engulfed by the blazing white fireball.

*Rumble!*

The blazing white fireball collided with the Beyonder conducting the
sinister surgery and strange ritual. The explosion's sound echoed into
the distance but was muffled by the darkness shrouding the room,
preventing it from permeating.

In the midst of such a violent explosion, no one on the ship heard or
sensed anything awry.

*Rumble!*

The black-robed elder's body was shredded by the devastating explosion.
Countless corpse fragments were instantly charred or consumed by bright
flames, scattering across every corner of the living room and dining
room.

With spirit channeling at his disposal and Ludwig providing support,
Lumian reveled in the authority of the Governor of the Sea and the
nearly demigod-level power it bestowed. He cared not for what the enemy
might transform into.

*Incredible. Is this what it's like to be a demigod? Even if it's just
an illusion... Sadly, it won't last beyond six in the
morning...* Lumian sighed, directing his gaze at the burning
corpse fragments.

A quick inspection revealed that the black-robed elder's flesh had
rapidly charred or turned to ashes. It was as if frost had met magma
from a volcanic eruption.

In a matter of seconds, only the heart, liver, spleen, lungs, kidneys,
intestines, and stomach remained in the room, along with a grayish-white
half-charred brain.

*Wh...* Even with his feet, Lumian could tell that something was
awry.

Except for the brain, the remnants of the enemy were all internal
organs.

The malevolent surgery he had just completed involved extracting
someone's internal organs to let them live as if nothing happened!

At the same time, the peculiar ritual he performed utilized the complete
set of internal organs to attempt to reconstruct the so-called Child of
God's body!

All internal organs---it was hard for Lumian not to draw a connection.

*Could it be that this fellow's internal organs were extracted before,
and he survived by piecing together others' internal organs, becoming a
Beyonder? What's this called? Human alchemy? If it's true, who took his
internal organs?* Lumian pondered silently.

The stars in his eyes swiftly dissipated, and Lugano returned to the
real world.

From a distance of four to five meters, Lumian raised his right hand and
smoothly swung it.

*Smack!*

Lugano felt the impact of an invisible force against his face.

With a sudden jolt, his eyes gradually cleared of their blank stare.

The first sight that greeted Lugano was the crimson flames falling
around him, extinguishing before causing any havoc.

Then, he noticed charred body parts, scattered internal organs, glass
jars filled with light-amber liquid, and organs soaked in them.

*Am I still dreaming? Is this a nightmare?* Just as this thought
crossed Lugano's mind, the image of his employer, Louis Berry, with
black hair and green eyes, appeared before him.

*Son of a bitch, this dream took an unexpected turn!* Lugano
shuddered and involuntarily inquired, "What happened?"

Lumian pondered for a moment and asked, "What dream did you just
experience?"

What dream? Lugano confirmed his wakefulness and recollected, "I dreamed
of my childhood. My mother stood at the door, urging me to come home for
dinner. She even sang a nursery rhyme from my hometown...

"She's been gone for almost ten years. I miss her dearly. I kept walking
towards the door, but I couldn't reach her..."

At that moment, Lugano realized that this wasn't their suite. He
exclaimed in shock,

"What happened?"

With a smile, Lumian responded, "You slept until midnight and suddenly
sleepwalked all the way here. An old man had plans to operate on you,
remove your kidneys, and slowly turn you into a patient like Enio."

The more Lugano listened, the more fear gripped him. Earlier, he had
wondered how someone like Enio, who had lost most of his internal
organs, could still be alive, albeit turning weak---only to realize that
he was so close to turning into a similar figure!

"Hiss..." Lugano gasped and asked with trepidation, "Where's that old
man?"

"That's all that remains." Lumian gestured at the internal organs and
the grayish-white, half-charred brain on the ground.

Without giving Lugano a chance to sigh, Lumian instructed, "Bring Ludwig
here."

It was also almost time for his midnight snack.

Lugano hastily left the suite, grateful for choosing to follow Lumian to
the Southern Continent.

Otherwise, he would be at the mercy of such situations elsewhere!

Lugano believed this matter had nothing to do with Lumian. He had
brought it upon himself. If it were Trier, he might have encountered a
similar patient who had lost internal organs.

Lumian watched him leave, raised his right hand, and stroked his chin.

*Simply hearing the infant's cries from the failed ritual can influence
Beyonders of the Planter pathway to sleep and act in a sleepwalking
state, receiving corresponding orders?*

*Isn't this too exaggerated? It's an absolute suppression on the Planter
pathway...*

*I could understand a similar phenomenon if that ritual had succeeded,
and the Child of God was truly born. Yet, it's already this powerful
despite being a failed product?*

*Even with the limitation of its range, it's still terrifying... Is
there a key reason I don't know?*

*Moreover, can only Beyonders of the Planter or Sower pathways hear the
Child of God's cries? Can the Apothecary pathway, which can interchange
with the Planter pathway, also hear it?*

Amidst Lumian's thoughts, Lugano led Ludwig into the suite.

Faced with this gruesome scene, Ludwig pressed his hand to his mouth and
yawned.

"Where's the food?"

Lumian didn't make any immediate requests. Instead, he turned to Lugano.

"Guard the door."

With the prior experience of the blood-drinking incident, Lugano could
vaguely guess what was about to happen. He didn't dare face it directly.
Upon hearing Lumian's instructions, he heaved a sigh of relief and
jogged to the corridor, closing the vermilion door behind him.

Only then did Lumian gesture towards the scattered internal organs on
the ground.

"Do you need me to roast it for you?"

Ludwig shot a quick glance at Lumian.

"Don't you find it irksome? These are all human organs."

Lumian emitted a soft chuckle.

"In my eyes, this is already on par with a monster's insides."

He then wore a self-deprecating expression.

"Moreover, isn't directly consuming Beyonder characteristics to advance
a Beyonder equivalent to eating someone?"

Ludwig remained silent, taking a few steps to the side. He squatted
down, picked up the old man's heart, stuffed it into his mouth, and
began to chew.

Crimson blood slowly trickled from the corner of his mouth.

Lumian pulled up a chair and sat down, patiently waiting for Ludwig to
finish his meal and digest.

After seven to eight minutes, Ludwig retrieved a white handkerchief from
his coat pocket and wiped his mouth.

"These internal organs belong to different people. Some are Beyonders,
some are ordinary folks, some old, some teenagers...

"There are traces of human refinement. The aura of life is rather mixed
and impure...

"They will be controlled and influenced by the refiner...

"Having been refined, the person doesn't know that he's been through
this.

"He has complete memories of the past. This is something that can't be
achieved by refining an ordinary body.

"He followed Enio on board, hoping to extract the remaining organs and
complete the ritual before Enio reached his destination..."

Ludwig recounted the knowledge and memories he had absorbed in a
straightforward tone.