---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2084
index: 608
section: vol4
slug: 608
title: The Way to Find Prey
---

## Chapter 608: The Way to Find Prey

The rhythmic thumping echoed only three times before escalating into a
resounding bang.

As the sturdy wooden door flung open, the corridor bathed in the glow of
kerosene wall lamps revealed a darkness entwined with overgrown weeds.
Crimson flames surged forth, casting an eerie illumination.

In Lugano's gaze, the illusion of the oak tree abruptly dissipated,
along with Father Montserrat, cradling an unseen infant in his arms.

Amidst the fiery chaos, the weeds withered, and the shadows dispersed.
Lugano found himself "returned" to the humble prayer room, now aglow
with the crimson moonlight.

Lumian, sporting a golden straw hat, emerged at the entrance. His eyes
scanned every nook, yet Father Montserrat remained elusive.

*Powers akin to the Paramita world merged with other traits, albeit
incapable of creating a sufficiently independent world separate from
reality. It resembles Demon Warlock Burman gaining unique abilities
through a forceful transition of pathways... Where is he hiding now?
Drawing from Ludwig's knowledge from his food, Beyonders of the School
of God's Descent can conceal themselves in woodwork. Although I can't
confirm Father Montserrat's corrupted affiliation with the School, the
influence of the Great Mother is evident...* Lumian swiftly
assessed the unfolding scenario.

The lack of resistance from Father Montserrat, who refrained from
fleeing or hiding, didn't surprise Lumian.

Performing the wave magic in the ship's bar had been a casual display,
not wanting to waste the temporary Governor of the Sea authority.
However, the subsequent use of the colossal wave to "greet" Captain
Pedro and Father Montserrat wasn't mere showmanship.

Unaware if the School of God's Descent incident had concluded or if
hidden Great Mother devotees lingered on the ship, Lumian deliberately
showcased the might of a demigod Governor of the Sea to instill fear!

If there were no other Great Mother adherents or lurking threats, his
"greeting" actions could be seen as showmanship. But if danger lurked,
it would make the elusive elements cautious, forcing them to retreat
deeper into hiding. Lumian planned to let the ship reach the next port,
leaving the Church of Earth Mother authorities to deal with them.

Father Montserrat, seemingly unwilling to face the adventurer Louis
Berry head-on and his demigod prowess, opted for concealment, biding his
time until the ship docked.

Had Lugano not luckily or unluckily stumbled upon the priest cradling
the unseen infant, Father Montserrat might have continued portraying
himself as a competent clergyman of the Church of Earth Mother, avoiding
any confrontation with Louis Berry.

"F-Father Montserrat is a believer in the Great Mother! He was cradling
an invisible baby!" Lugano hastily reported to Louis Berry, now
realizing the gravity of the situation.

*Cradling an invisible baby... He could be hiding within the ship's
woodwork.* Lumian scanned the surroundings, inspecting chairs,
the floor, and the Sacred Emblem of Life adorning the wooden wall.

In an abrupt realization, he felt a stir in his heart as he approached
the Sacred Emblem embodying Earth Mother.

Adorned with symbols of wheat, flowers, and spring water at the
periphery, at its core lay a simple depiction of a baby.

A baby!

Advancing further, crimson flames radiated, setting the wooden
floorboards and chairs ablaze.

Coming to a halt before the Sacred Emblem of Life, Lumian extended his
right hand, gently caressing the baby's face.

The wood instantly deteriorated, exuding a yellowish pus.

It seemed that the depiction of a baby surrounded by wheat and flowers
had long decayed, shedding tears of blood.

*There's a huge problem with the Church of Earth Mother...*
Lumian narrowed his eyes.

While unable to pinpoint the elusive Father Montserrat, he unearthed
decay and darkness lurking beneath the veneer of the Church of Earth
Mother.

Observing the charred remains of the woodwork and finding no trace of
Father Montserrat, with more wooden hiding spots on the steel steam
ship, Lumian turned and addressed Lugano, "Take me to the captain's
cabin."

"Alright." Lugano visibly relaxed.

Exiting the prayer room, the crimson flames within swiftly extinguished,
ceasing their advance.

Inside the captain's cabin, Pedro, spotting a handsome brown beard,
grimaced as adventurer Louis Berry approached.

Experienced as he was, he knew that there might be trouble on the ship.

During the School of God's Descent incident, Adventurer Louis Berry had
only dispatched a servant to explain matters. Now, here he was
personally visiting!

What did this signify?

It pointed to a more severe complication!

Without awaiting the captain's inquiry, Lumian calmly asserted, "Father
Montserrat has succumbed, aligning himself with an evil deity. He likely
colluded with the School of God's Descent's evil warlock."

Captain Pedro's mind jolted as if struck by a rod, momentarily buzzing
and going blank.

After a brief pause, he cautiously inquired, "Have you already killed
him?"

"Not yet," Lumian truthfully responded. "He escaped the prayer room and
is now in hiding. Dispatch a telegram promptly, reporting this to the
Church of Earth Mother and the Feynapotter government. My servant will
provide the details."

In the face of Louis Berry's authoritative directive, Captain Pedro
yielded without resistance. He shifted his attention to Lugano,
absorbing the account of his conversion and Father Montserrat's
description, cradling an invisible infant.

Upon hearing the revelation, Pedro wore a bitter expression and
admitted, "I did sense something amiss with Father Montserrat, but I
never anticipated it to be this grave."

"What's the issue?" Lumian inquired.

Pedro sighed, explaining, "He's a Favored, a Beyonder of the Earth
pathway, the most orthodox clergyman. Typically, he needs a Blessed's
help to conduct Mass, preach to believers, and guide others into the
Church. However, he's the only Favored on this ship without a Blessed."

"I initially thought the shortage of staff in Port Santa was due to the
sea prayer ritual, so I didn't pay much heed. But now, with Father
Montserrat's fall..."

*Only with the assistance of a Blessed can one conduct Mass and preach
to believers. There's no Blessed following him... Lumian had previously
learned that Favored of the Church of Earth Mother needs at least one
second-in-command Blessed for their decisions to be considered valid.
Otherwise, it risks being perceived as an influence of an evil god or a
demon... An evil god... That Great Mother? Wh...* Combined with
recent events and his prior knowledge, Lumian suddenly grasped why the
Church of Earth Mother maintained two distinct systems---Blessed and
Favored---rather than merging them.

Madam Magician of the Apprentice pathway had mentioned occasional
influence from the Celestial Worthy, unsure if it was a revelation from
Mr. Fool.

Similar to the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings
overseeing the Apprentice, Seer, and Marauder pathways, the Great Mother
likely stood atop the Planter, Apothecary, and Villain pathways.

As a result, Favored Beyonders of the Planter and Apothecary pathways
would also be under the influence of the Great Mother. The origin of the
revelation, whether from Earth Mother or the Great Mother, remained
unclear. Confirmation required the input of Blessed from pathways
outside these two. Simultaneously, Blessed monitored the status of the
Favored!

*That explains it... Indeed, there's a profound and serious reason
behind this seemingly absurd, wasteful, and unreasonable system
design*, Lumian concluded. Without further words, he instructed
Captain Pedro, "Send the telegram."

After the captain relayed Father Montserrat's situation to the
Feynapotter government and the Church of Earth Mother, Lumian
contemplated how to locate Father Montserrat.

Considering the vast sea surrounding them, unless Father Montserrat
possessed teleportation or exceptional underwater travel abilities, he
could only be hiding somewhere on the ship.

Lumian dismissed the idea of involving his Major Arcana card holder for
such a trivial issue and resolved to devise a solution himself.

*Could I use the ship's megaphone to insult the Great Mother, provoking
Father Montserrat to reveal himself?*

*The challenge lies in the inability to lock onto a target, potentially
yielding less-than-optimal results...*

*Burning all the ship's woodwork? Seems like a last resort due to the
presence of valuable goods in wooden crates...*

*Borrowing a bottle of Prophetic Concoction from Franca? It requires a
fresh corpse. Additionally, if Franca is involved, I could get her to
directly employ Magic Mirror Divination...*

*Playing the Symphony of Hatred bone flute and informing passengers to
cover their ears prior to that? But it only reduces damage without
averting the effects...*

*Right, ask Ludwig if he recalls Father Montserrat's small...*

*Also... Yes, I can give it a try!*

Lumian quickly came up with several solutions and decided to
systematically test each one, reserving seeking help as a final option.

He bid farewell to the captain and, under the cover of night, led Lugano
back to the first-class cabin suite.

"Do you recall Father Montserrat's scent?" Lumian inquired of Ludwig.

Ludwig shook his head.

"No direct contact."

"Fair enough." Lumian turned around, offering a reassuring smile to
Lugano. "I have an experiment in mind. Work with me."

"What kind of experiment?" Lugano asked, a tremor of fear evident.

Lumian gestured towards the window.

"Go to the deck. It's more open there."

Uneasily, Lugano descended to the deck, bathed in the crimson moonlight.
His employer pulled out a full-body silver armor from his Traveler's
Bag, revealing an inscrutable smile.

Lumian recalled the Pride Armor's particular disdain for items from the
Earth and Evernight pathways.

What if it wasn't an item but a Beyonder?

How would it react?

Could this hatred be harnessed to pinpoint Father Montserrat's location,
given he was at least a Doctor, at a certain distance?

Lumian wasn't entirely sure, but he intended to experiment with Lugano,
a fellow Beyonder of the Earth pathway, to explore the possibilities.