---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2086
index: 610
section: vol4
slug: 610
title: '"New Life"'
---

## Chapter 610: "New Life"

In the face of the infant's cries, which gradually weakened him, Lumian
teleported immediately to Father Montserrat's side, launching a powerful
attack to disrupt the impending impact.

Yet, in that very moment, he observed the Pride Armor freezing in place
upon hearing the infant's cry. Suddenly, it crouched down and plunged
the Sword of Dawn into the ground covered in dark weeds.

Dammit! Directly employing Hurricane of Light? Lumian's scalp tingled.
Without bothering to confirm, he shifted the teleportation destination,
vanishing into the darkness of the illusory oak tree, and reappeared on
the ship's deck.

He had long recognized that Father Montserrat's weed wilderness was
inferior to the Madames' Paramita. It failed to sever the deep
connection between the inside and outside, nor could it prevent
teleportation. Its sole capability was restraining various sounds and
the aftermath of battle, akin to the Bottle of Fiction, if not less.
Nonetheless, this wilderness had unique abilities.

As Lumian's figure faded into the dark wilderness, the Sword of Dawn
embedded in the ground by the Pride Armor shattered, transforming into
countless light fragments, creating a formidable storm that engulfed the
area.

The plump wheat-filled weeds were sliced into pieces, leaving the ground
barren.

Father Montserrat, perched on the oak branch, couldn't dodge in time. He
only managed to manifest his body into something resembling wood before
being consumed by the Hurricane of Light.

The illusory, hollow cry of a baby abruptly ceased.

When the Hurricane of Light subsided, Father Montserrat stood frozen in
place.

In the next moment, his wood-like body, covered in brown bark, split
open, revealing deep crevices.

*Pa, pa, pa.* Father Montserrat's body fell to the bottom of the
oak tree, piece by piece. The incisions were smooth, and blood seeped
out.

Flesh and blood were instantly absorbed by the illusory oak tree's
roots, leaving nothing behind.

In the middle section of the oak tree, the bark split open. Squirming,
moist flesh grew out, expanding into a hole.

A human head appeared, squeezed and ejected.

In the blink of an eye, the naked human was "born" by the illusory oak
tree. It was Father Montserrat.

He retained his adult form, his body wet and partially covered in a
dirty, translucent white membrane.

New life!

With the aid of the weed-covered darkness, the illusionary oak tree, and
the invisible baby, Father Montserrat found a new lease of life!

His brow smoothed, and his eyes regained a youthful gleam. Enormous
bat-like wings, shrouded in dark skin, erupted from his back, propelling
him from the heart of the colossal oak to his silver-white full-body
armor.

The Pride Armor rose, summoning light into its hand, forging a sharp
spear.

Launching the elongated lance with relentless force, it sliced through
the air, embedding into Father Montserrat's chest.

Father Montserrat's bat-like wings enveloped him, and his form shattered
into palm-sized black bats.

In a mesmerizing dance, the bats circled behind the Pride Armor,
reforming into Father Montserrat, adorned with a grimy membrane.

Father Montserrat's body expanded, morphing into a colossal bear. From
his palms sprouted sharp claws etched with enigmatic patterns.

With a forceful swipe, he etched five deep gouges onto the Pride Armor's
back, unveiling its hollow interior.

The Pride Armor froze, and the air itself seemed to still.

Before Father Montserrat could launch another assault, he noticed the
silver-white full-body armor pivoting without warning.

Condensing hammers, axes, and flails made of light, it slashed at Father
Montserrat frenziedly.

Father Montserrat lowered himself, shrinking to the cleared ground,
inching towards the illusionary oak tree.

The ground beneath him caved, forming a rift.

In that moment, Lumian, sensing the end of the Hurricane of Light,
teleported back into the darkness.

To his surprise, Father Montserrat stood unscathed, devoid of the brown
priest's attire.

Undeterred, Lumian retrieved the Symphony of Hatred bone flute from his
Traveler's Bag.

Seizing the moment while the Pride Armor entangled Father Montserrat,
preventing the transmission of sound to the outside world, Lumian aimed
to play a melody learned from Port Santa's various
celebrations---composed by a Church of Earth Mother Saint for a
bountiful harvest.

Typically, Lumian would don the Flog boxing gloves, "teleport" closer,
stimulate some desire or emotion in Father Montserrat through a punch,
and then play the Symphony of Hatred to trigger Flog's aftereffects.
However, Lumian abandoned this well-practiced routine.

The peculiar illusionary oak tree on the battlefield gave him pause.
Father Montserrat had carried an invisible baby, possibly a Child of
God. Wearing the Flog boxing gloves could attract attention and danger.

If the Great Mother perceived it and allowed the Child of God to breach
the illusory-reality barrier to confront him, the consequences would be
dire!

Moreover, Lumian suspected that heretics like Montserrat harbored
evident psychological issues, making their mental states unpredictable.
Playing the Symphony of Hatred directly could exploit this
vulnerability, much like how he and Mr. K detested hearing others play
the Symphony of Hatred.

Uncertain about which weakness might be triggered or the ensuing
changes, Lumian planned to roll with the uncertainties.

Just as Lumian raised the Symphony of Hatred to his lips, an eerie chill
crawled down his spine.

"Waaa!"

The spectral baby's cries reverberated, mere inches from him.

"Hehe, hehe."

The baby's cries morphed into laughter, as if engaged in an intriguing
game with Lumian.

An inexplicable stiffness gripped Lumian, freezing him momentarily.

A cold aura infiltrated his body, spreading gradually to his abdomen.

As his life began to ebb away, merging with the cold aura, the baby in
his ear oscillated between mournful wails and gleeful laughter.

Without hesitation, Lumian plunged his consciousness into his right
hand, activating Blood Emperor Alista Tudor's residual brand.

A violent and frenzied aura erupted from Lumian, enlarging him without
relying on his Compression strength. Tangible bloodlust filled the air.

The invisible baby's cries and laughter abruptly ceased, and the
coldness invading Lumian's body dissipated under the searing sensation.
The dark wilderness swayed, casting a faint glow.

Lumian, in control, terminated the activation and blew into the black
bone flute with blood-colored holes.

A noticeably jubilant melody echoed, stunning Father Montserrat locked
in battle with the Pride Armor.

His face twisted in indescribable agony.

Witnessing the silver armor wielding a staff of condensed light, Father
Montserrat instinctively reached out, pointing at the adversary's feet.

Countless vines, weeds, and tree branches sprouted rapidly, entwining
the Pride Armor and impeding its movements.

Amidst the cacophony of crashing branches and tearing vines, the Pride
Armor advanced laboriously, slowed by the entanglement.

Father Montserrat locked eyes with Lumian and, in a pained plea,
shouted,

"Run!

"The Child of God can't be killed!"

*Run? Wh...* Lumian realized Father Montserrat seemed more
grounded than before. The warmth in his gaze, the familiarity of home,
replaced by agony and conflict.

"Run!

"Repent to Mother Earth on my behalf!"

Father Montserrat screamed in hysteria.

His naked form underwent an abnormal transformation. Organs, symbolic of
creation and incubation, sprouted under the translucent, filthy white
membrane, intertwining in a horrific display.

*Repent to Mother Earth?* Lumian vaguely understood Father
Montserrat's current state.

His corruption appeared incomplete, retaining a side that clung to faith
in Earth Mother, resulting in a split personality. Typically, the normal
persona remained suppressed by the corrupted one.

*Is this the problem that the Symphony of Hatred triggered, allowing
Father Montserrat's normal personality to temporarily gain an advantage
and regain control of his body?* Lumian sighed, but this didn't
prevent him from condensing crimson fireballs that were nearly white,
launching them towards the mutated Father Montserrat.

Montserrat's countenance shifted between frigidity and anguish. His body
alternated between evasion and restraint.

With all his might, he exclaimed, "The Child of God cannot be killed,
only banished!"

As Father Montserrat spoke, the crimson fireballs, nearly white,
exploded upon him. The silver-white Pride Armor breached the obstruction
of vines and branches, charging forward with a light-conjured staff.

*Rumble!*

Upon the fireball's detonation, the fallen Father Montserrat wrested
control of his body, attempting to retreat underground.

In that instant, Lumian materialized behind him, brandishing the black
bone flute.

Lumian teleported into the explosion's epicenter, unconcerned about the
potentially severe injuries from the formidable shockwave!

The fireball was a decoy. The true lethal strike he primed was the
Symphony of Hatred!

*Pfft!*

Lumian thrust the black bone flute with blood-colored holes into Father
Montserrat's diminishing neck.

*Rumble!*

The expanding flames engulfed them both.