---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2093
index: 617
section: vol4
slug: 617
title: Transaction
---

## Chapter 617: Transaction

Flores's demeanor suddenly shifted, his expression turning icy, and a
malevolent smile curling upon his lips. His aura underwent a dramatic
transformation.

He raised his gaze, Lumian's dark hair and green eyes reflecting in his
now ominous stare.

Lumian's suppressed emotions, desires, and the haze surrounding him
erupted like a volcano.

This was a force even an Ascetic's endurance couldn't withstand.

*Crack!*

Lumian's body cracked, shrinking into a palm-sized mirror.

The mirror shattered completely, fragments scattering across the ground.

In the room diagonally opposite, Lumian materialized beside Franca,
wearing a solemn expression.

Had he not prepared Mirror Substitution beforehand, he might have
endured a double explosion of emotions and desires. It resembled the
same outcome when evil god bestowed heard the Symphony of Hatred's
different melodies.

Of course, if Franca hadn't been lurking nearby, if he hadn't readied
Mirror Substitution, he wouldn't have used himself as bait to "converse"
with Flores.

Lumian seized Franca's shoulder, his voice deep as he uttered, "Let's
leave this place first."

He promptly activated the black mark on his right shoulder, in an
attempt to teleport away.

Confronted with an adversary capable of exploiting his weaknesses and
latent dangers, Lumian's initial response was to switch to support,
utilizing his corresponding abilities from a distance. Franca would
assume the role of the main attacker. However, considering Franca, a
Demoness of Pleasure, hadn't indulged herself for a long time, he feared
she might not resist the explosion of desire. It seemed prudent to
retreat, regroup with others, and return later.

At that moment, a voice alternating between masculinity and femininity
echoed in Lumian and Franca's ears.

"There's no rush to escape. I've changed my mind. I want to make a deal
with you."

*A deal?* Something jolted in Lumian's and Franca's minds. After
some thought, they chose to stay put.

Simultaneously, Lumian sank his consciousness into his right hand, ready
to activate the remnant aura of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor.

This wasn't meant to intimidate Flores, but if his emotions and desires
were triggered again, Lumian could "alert the police" in time!

Being one of the Feynapotter Kingdom's primary ports for trade with the
Southern Continent and a key base for the Harvest Fleet, Port Colla
undoubtedly housed at least one Grade 1 Sealed Artifact even without a
demigod.

Franca gazed at the wall and the air in front of her, questioning, "What
deal?"

Flores, dressed in a floral shirt, casually pushed open the unlatched
door of the apartment and spoke in a deep, cold, and dignified manner,

"Let me introduce myself. Naboredisley, a Demon."

*A Demon? A genuine Demon... The cost of using the Authority Holder's
Under-the-table Transaction actually materialized here---to make a deal
with a Demon... However, Lumian's acceptance of the captain's mission
and our pursuit of Delilah are distinct matters. If we had opted to
patiently wait a month or two before engaging with Delilah instead of
utilizing the Authority Holder's Under-the-table Transaction, what would
have transpired today? Could there have been a so-called deal?*
Franca smiled in surprise, suspicion, and confusion.

"How can you reveal yourself as a Demon?

"Shouldn't a true Demon conceal their identity to lower our guard?"

The Demon, identifying himself as Naboredisley, clenched his right fist
and pressed it against his lips. He smiled and replied, "A true Demon is
both Demon in body and mind. I'll inform you that you're dealing with a
Demon, but refusal isn't an option. I won't obscure my identity to
achieve my goals like the foolish ones.

"For instance, this man named Flores is well aware of the consequences
of repeatedly reciting my true name through the notebook. Heh heh, back
then, that foolish Warlock labeled it the Love Incantation, but he still
couldn't resist the temptation and couldn't control himself. Haha, for
Demons, this gradually decaying soul that slowly descends into the Abyss
is the most delectable feast. The sensation of resistance and constant
decay is as unforgettable as the finest wine."

Lumian and Franca didn't disdain or ridicule Naboredisley's unabashed
and alluring depravity.

Since a Demon had spoken, there had to be a deeper motive!

Moreover, Lumian couldn't be certain if Naboredisley was a genuine Demon
or a self-proclaimed one. He couldn't verify if Naboredisley was his
actual name or if he had a different origin.

Although the activation of desire aligned with the traits of a Sequence
5 Desire Apostle of the Demon pathway, it wasn't exclusive to Demons.
Lumian's Symphony of Hatred could achieve a similar effect.

Franca grinned at the Demon's incessant narrative and remarked, "That
foolish Warlock probably assumed your true name as a Love Incantation
because of your cues. Is that really your true name?"

"That's why he's foolish," Naboredisley replied with a faint smile.

Lumian wasn't eager to rush into the transaction. Instead, he inquired,
"How did you manage to convince Flores that the Love Incantation
actually works?"

Naboredisley casually glanced back at Flores's rented apartment and
assumed a relaxed posture.

"He tried some other incantations from the notebook, and some of them
worked."

"He's just an ordinary person, yet he can cast an incantation like a
Warlock?" Franca expressed disbelief.

Naboredisley grinned.

"I've heard a very reasonable saying: 'All things possess godhood.'

"No matter how ordinary a person is, as long as they're willing to pay
the corresponding price, they can create Beyonder effects."

*All things possess godhood... Mr. K often says this when
preaching...* Lumian observed Naboredisley, the self-proclaimed
Demon.

Franca seized the opportunity to ask, "What price did Flores pay?"

Naboredisley smiled meaningfully. "I already told you."

The part where the soul gradually decays and falls into the Abyss?
Franca nodded thoughtfully.

Lumian suddenly grinned.

"If he hadn't paid the price, how could you communicate with us so
easily using his body?"

Naboredisley smiled back but remained silent.

Lumian shifted the topic.

"Did you have a hand in the deaths of those two adventurers who were
investigating Flores?"

"Consider it a bit of interest," Naboredisley replied, glancing around.
He smiled and pulled a chair over, casually remarking, "You lack the
necessary courtesy."

"Because we never considered making a deal with you," Franca
deliberately stated. "I won't make a deal with a Demon."

Naboredisley chuckled and said, "Although it's amusing for a Demoness to
claim she won't trade with a Demon, I can assure you that I won't force
you into a deal. I won't even hinder you from informing the Church of
Earth Mother about Flores later.

"I differ from my inept peers. I prefer transparent trade, avoiding the
convoluted legalese of contracts where terms and conditions are twisted.
I'll make you choose to trade with me, even knowing the content and
price."

"I decline," Franca replied with a smile. "I refuse to entertain your
deal."

Naboredisley narrowed his eyes dangerously but maintained his usual
amiable demeanor.

"You can listen first before deciding if you want to accept this deal.

"I won't boast that I can fulfill any of your wishes, but I can help you
fulfill most of them. This is a promise from an ancient Demon."

"Ancient?" Lumian looked curious. "Have you heard of the Ancient Sun
God?"

Naboredisley's expression darkened subtly.

"I'm aware."

"Can you tell me about Him? The deity I believe in now seems to be the
resurrected Him." Lumian's lips curled up, revealing two rows of
pearly-white teeth. "This can be used as compensation for the
transaction, but it has to be paid first before we fulfill the contract.
Don't think of fabricating it. That would be blasphemy to my Lord."

Naboredisley fell silent. After a few seconds, he smiled and said, "As I
mentioned earlier, I can't accomplish certain things and fulfill certain
wishes. This is one of them."

*When one's humble enough, it's really difficult to win a war of
words...* Lumian sighed inwardly and turned to Franca, silently
inquiring if she wanted to seize this opportunity to complete the price
of using the Authority Holder's Under-the-table Transaction.

Franca hesitated for a moment before addressing Naboredisley. "Tell me
about the deal first before I decide."

Naboredisley chuckled.

"A wise decision. I hope you can help me kill another Demon's
descendant. He resides somewhere in the Berserk Sea. Don't worry, Demon
descendants are cold, cruel, and bloodthirsty. He definitely meets the
death penalty standard in your hearts."

"Then why don't you do it yourself?" Franca clicked her tongue. "You
seem quite powerful."

*Is it because you're sealed? Or could it be that he can't leave the
Abyss and can only project himself onto a human like now, unable to
maintain it for long?*

Naboredisley replied calmly, "Any abnormal movements from me will
attract the attention of the other Demon. The reward for this
transaction is that I fulfill one of your wishes. It's a predetermined
wish that I can fulfill."

"Can you help us digest the potion in our bodies?" Lumian probed.

Naboredisley shook his head.

"I won't lie to you. I can't do it. The digestion of the potion is a
personal matter.

"Of course, I can create conditions and opportunities to indirectly help
you digest the potion as soon as possible, but whether you can seize
those opportunities depends on yourselves."

*Quite honest...* Franca muttered silently.

Suddenly, she revealed a bright smile.

"This deal tempts me, but I need a reliable and powerful witness."

Author's Note: The inspiration for the love incantation in the previous
chapter originated from the real world. I believe I've shared it on my
public WeChat account before---Aphrodite's hidden name is Nepherieri,
meaning "beautiful eyes." Repeating this incantation can win a woman's
love. When I read about this, I found it a little sinister. I mainly
changed the pronunciation.