---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2100
index: 624
section: vol4
slug: 624
title: More Than One?
---

## Chapter 624: More Than One?

Lumian remained unfazed as the brown bear uttered words in precise
Highlander. Instead of fear, delight filled him---a clear sign that he
had stumbled upon the correct location!

This was the Planter pathway, the main pathway of the Church of Earth
Mother, known as a Druid at Sequence 5. Capable of transforming into a
formidable three-meter-tall bear.

Encountering a human-speaking brown bear in the desolate forest of Hanth
Island hinted at his proximity to the heavily guarded area, possibly the
mysterious valley of sulfur flames from Demon legends.

Without the signature golden straw hat, Lumian studied the brown bear's
furry visage openly, making no effort to conceal his extraordinary
nature.

"Alright," he sighed with regret, turning on his heels and retracing his
steps.

Twenty to thirty meters away, Lumian vanished from the brown bear's
view, concealed by towering trees that had stood for over a century.

He halted, leaning against a tree trunk, and casually retrieved an item
from his Traveler's Bag.

It was a pair of brown gold-rimmed glasses---the Mystery Prying Glasses!

Lumian had no intention of recklessly breaching the Church of Earth
Mother's protective circle and venturing into the sealed-off region.

Perhaps it was no safer than confronting the hidden Demon on Hanth
Island.

Without sufficient and effective information, Lumian wasn't inclined to
take such risks.

What if it resembled Fourth Epoch Trier?

Lumian's strategy involved skirting the edges of the problem zone,
wielding the Mystery Prying Glasses to shift his perspective and uncover
hidden truths.

From Lumian's past familiarity with the Mystery Prying Glasses, the
item's lower level hindered his ability to directly perceive various
seals. In Trier, he had utilized them multiple times but couldn't catch
a direct glimpse of Fourth Epoch Trier. Instead, he witnessed concealed
elements beneath the ground, lurking in darkness, or disguised through
distorted, overlooking, or prying angles.

This inherent flaw safeguarded Lumian from directly encountering the
Church of Earth Mother's sealed artifact, thus averting potential
catastrophe. Nonetheless, it allowed him to discern abnormal traces.

And that was sufficient!

More traces equaled more information, bringing Lumian closer to the
elusive truth!

Ready to teleport at a moment's notice, Lumian positioned the brown
gold-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his nose.

An unsettling dizziness gripped him, akin to being buried underground.
Despite looking up at the soil, trees, and sky, he sensed an elevated
vantage point, overseeing everything.

Withering tree bark, decaying leaves, crawling insects, and animals
circling a water source---all these details and buried bones spun in
Lumian's vision, inducing nausea from the depths of his soul.

Amidst the nausea creeping from the depths of his soul, Lumian's gaze
fixated on a startling sight.

Silent blue flames devoured the entire landscape.

Whether above, below, or around the flames, the trees swiftly
transformed into an inky black, dissolving into sewage. From the
decaying remnants, new trees sprouted, rapidly expanding and
flourishing.

In the midst of the blue inferno, Lumian vaguely discerned a crimson,
colossal figure sprawled at the core. Submerged in pitch-black, viscous
sewage, it sank gradually, only to be yanked upward by an invisible
force.

This unseen power emanated from beyond the withering and burgeoning
forest, from...

Abruptly, a pair of eyes materialized within Lumian's line of sight.

They were bloodshot, icy-blue eyes tinged with pain.

Without hesitation, Lumian removed the Mystery Prying Glasses and
activated the black mark representing Spirit World Traversal.

Swiftly fading, he disappeared into the forest and reappeared outside
the Church of Earth Mother Cathedral in Port Hanth, behind the familiar
stone pillar observed earlier that morning.

After stashing the Mystery Prying Glasses back into his Traveler's Bag,
Lumian departed the secluded spot. Blending in with believers, he
entered the cathedral exuding scents of wheat and milk, occupying a pew
closest to the Sacred Emblem of Life. With crossed arms, he mimicked the
old man in a black formal suit, feigning prayer.

Only then did he exhale a sigh of relief, assured that those icy-blue
eyes wouldn't target or lock onto him.

*These Mystery Prying Glasses could pass through countless hands if not
in my possession. Its negative effects are indeed unique and beneficial,
but they're also very dangerous...* Lumian couldn't help but
sigh inwardly.

Then, he analyzed the scenes witnessed through the Mystery Prying
Glasses.

*There's a region engulfed in sulfur flames, but the Church of Earth
Mother's trees seal it off, cycling between death and rebirth. It's
nearly impossible to spot from the outside. Even with the Mystery Prying
Glasses, I can only vaguely discern its outline.*

*It's akin to lurking outside a cage and surveying the interior through
the gaps in the railing. Despite the Mystery Prying Glasses'
capabilities, they shouldn't breach the seal.*

*That colossal, blood-colored figure resembles a small mountain, yet I
can't discern any details... Could it be the true form of the Demon of
Hanth Island? How can others see it when it's sealed inside, causing
those who witness it to mysteriously vanish?*

*Could there be more than one Demon on Hanth Island? The ice-blue eyes
staring at me may belong to another Demon. Is it utilizing the invisible
connection between itself and the blood-colored Demon to prevent its
descent into the pitch-black, viscous sewage?*

*If so, the Church of Earth Mother should eliminate the Demon active
both outside and on the island. By doing so, the blood-colored Demon
would lose its assistance.*

*Or does the Church of Earth Mother not want the blood-colored Demon to
completely sink into the pitch-black sewage, letting the ice-blue-eyed
Demon exist only to restrict its range and frequency?*

*If it's not entirely sealed, would the invisible connection between the
two parties disappear? Is it because the ice-blue-eyed Demon will also
be affected by the pitch-black sewage?*

Lumian deepened his understanding and speculations regarding the Demon
legends on Hanth Island. He sensed that his Conspirer potion had become
active, showing signs of digestion, but it was still one step away.

He wasn't in a rush to succeed. Instead, he pondered the mission that
Naboredisley hadn't entrusted to him and Franca.

*Killing a Demon descendant from an island in the Berserk
Sea...*

*That's correct, a descendant! The ice-blue-eyed Demon is a descendant
of that blood-colored Demon. Is that why an invisible connection binds
them?*

*Does Naboredisley desire the blood-colored Demon to fully submerge into
the pitch-black sewage?*

*Is this beneficial or detrimental for the blood-colored Demon?*

*If it's beneficial, it makes sense why the Earth Mother Church impedes
it. Why does the blood-colored Demon's descendant persist in pulling and
preventing its descent?*

*Suppose the ice-blue-eyed Demon is under the control of the Church of
Earth Mother, yet it can kill and cause disappearances. Conversely, why
doesn't it flee Hanth Island? This implies that it's not in the
ice-blue-eyed Demon's favor if the blood-colored Demon were to
completely sink into the pitch-black sewage. It's even willing to
forfeit its freedom to obstruct it.*

*If it's not favorable, perhaps Naboredisley isn't deceiving. It's an
adversary of the blood-colored Demon, hoping for its complete submersion
and assimilation by the pitch-black sewage. This might have a certain
impact on Hanth Island, the Berserk Sea, or even the entire world.
That's why the Church of Earth Mother seals and monitors it...*

*Can't they just kill it? Without the blood-colored Demon, the issue of
it sinking completely into the pitch-black sewage would
cease...*

*Can't be killed?*

*What Naboredisley feared wasn't that the blood-colored Demon might
sense danger, but that the Church of Earth Mother might be
alerted?*

Lumian gradually understood the mentality and stance of the Church of
Earth Mother, the local Demon, and Naboredisley, but he lacked
sufficient evidence.

What he was most certain of now was: the pitch-black, viscous sewage
wasn't simple!

Perhaps it was something akin to the Samaritan Women's Spring.

Furthermore, it bore a striking resemblance to the pitch-black form of
the Montsouris ghost.

*Trier's catacombs is a labyrinth of complexity, filled with corruption
and unique monsters that defy easy elimination. It's the aftermath of
Blood Emperor Alista Tudor's significant accomplishment, an act that
nearly brought the gods down with Him. Ultimately, He perished. What
could be the reason for Hanth Island? Could it be a divine battle and
the demise of a deity?*

*That's not beyond the realm of possibility... While my knowledge of the
Fourth Epoch's history is limited, I do know that the Berserk Sea was
not as tumultuous back then. There were still interactions between the
Northern and Southern Continents. Could it be that another emperor from
the War of the Four Emperors or two emperors met Their end here,
permanently reshaping the terrain and weather to give rise to the
Berserk Sea?*

*Is this the manifestation of a deity's power? The Blood Emperor sank a
colossal city underground, forcing over a million people to live above
it to contain the subsequent effects. And the deity who perished here
has been influencing the Berserk Sea for more than a thousand years.
This surpasses the waters near Port Santa...* As Lumian sighed,
he prepared to stand up and return to the Berries to strategize his next
move for gathering more information.

Sensing the quietude around him, his movements softened, cautious not to
disturb the prayers of the Earth Mother believers.

Subconsciously scanning his surroundings, Lumian noticed that the
believer beside him had also finished praying and retracted his arms.

A gray-haired old man in a black formal suit with a bow tie caught
Lumian's eye. His face bore well-defined features, and his beard was
meticulously shaved.

In the next moment, Lumian observed the elder turning his
head---revealing bloodshot ice-blue eyes.