---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2101
index: 625
section: vol4
slug: 625
title: Repentance
---

## Chapter 625: Repentance

*Ice-blue eyes!*

*That Demon!*

*It's lurking right there in the cathedral!*

Lumian tensed. Without a second thought, he tried to teleport away.

This time, he chose Trier---the entrance to Saint Viève Cathedral!

In that moment, his reflection stared back at him in those chilling,
ice-blue eyes.

His face twisted, expression sinister, eyes cold.

Soon, Lumians manifested, encircling him.

There was one Lumian, eyes intoxicated, breathing heavy, face flushed
red. Another, trembling in fear. Another, expressionless and resolute.
One, lost and sorrowful. Another, with no will to live. And one more,
eyes filled with anger and hatred, red with intensity...

In an instant, Lumian seemed to multiply into countless versions, each
appearing tangible.

This severely impacted his thoughts and actions, hindering him from
activating the contract mark representing Spirit World Traversal.

Instinctively, he focused his remaining will on his right hand and the
mark left by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor.

To escape this state and gain the strength to teleport away, he needed
to terrify the ice-blue-eyed Demon!

Suddenly, Lumian heard ravings filled with intense madness and
depravity.

His mind turned to mush, swelling dangerously.

The Blood Emperor's aura didn't activate in time.

Fragmented, emotional, and painful thoughts burst in Lumian's mind like
fireworks before gradually descending.

An intense burning sensation in his chest anchored him, preventing
complete loss of self.

After an unknown span of time, Lumian finally regained command of his
thoughts.

His first thought was: *I'm still alive?*

It must have been a considerable duration since the onslaught of ravings
and his subsequent awakening. The Demon's power could have easily ended
him multiple times!

As Lumian concentrated on his right hand, he scrutinized the Demon with
ice-blue eyes.

The white-haired Demon, adorned in a black formal suit and bow tie, sat
upright once more, facing the Sacred Emblem of Life. It inclined
slightly, crossing its arms over its chest.

Shutting its eyes, it whispered with a pained expression, "Oh, merciful
Mother, I implore your mercy for my transgressions..."

*Merciful Mother, I implore your mercy for my transgressions...*
Lumian's resolve wavered as he abandoned activating the Blood Emperor's
aura.

He settled beside the Demon.

Observing the Sacred Emblem of Life on the altar, he waited silently,
refraining from disrupting the Demon's repentance. Contemplating his
encounter, he mused quietly.

*The various selves I witnessed must be genuine illusions---not existing
in the physical world but within my heart and mind...*

*Could this be a sophisticated manifestation of emotional and desire
fluctuations, triggering individual emotions and desires to vie for
control of the body without reaching the point of dissociation?*

*The subsequent ravings resembled Naboredisley's frenzied curse upon
expulsion. Yet, this time, there was no shield from Mr. Fool's gray fog.
Well, not entirely absent. Otherwise, the mad river of ravings would
have capsized my identity. Even if I hadn't lost control, I would have
succumbed completely before the Demon found its "conscience" and started
repenting...*

*I believed the safest haven on Hanth Island was the cathedral of the
Church of Earth Mother. I specifically chose it to evade the Demon.
Surprisingly, it's praying here... Judging by this, blind trust in the
orthodox Church's cathedrals might not be foolproof in the future.
Without adequate information, nothing is absolute...*

*Yet, it was only within the cathedral that I survived. Anywhere else,
it would be Termiboros grappling with the ice-blue-eyed Demon. Then, the
Angels of the orthodox Churches and the Tarot Club would
descend...*

Lumian had formed some hypotheses and waited with assurance. He
condensed his experiences and absorbed his lesson.

After a brief span, the white-haired, ice-blue-eyed Demon, donned in a
black formal suit, concluded its repentance. Its expression regained
composure, but the blood vessels in its eyes deepened.

Only then did Lumian observe the black leather gloves on both of its
hands. Even during confession and prayer, they remained unremoved---a
departure from devout believer behavior. In the human world, wearing
gloves while praying was deemed disrespectful to a deity, except in
emergencies or special circumstances. The same applied to wearing a hat.

The Demon cast a glance at Lumian and spoke in a deep but composed
voice, "You haven't fled yet. Aren't you afraid of angering me again?"

Lumian gazed at the Sacred Emblem of Life and smiled.

"I'm not. This is Earth Mother's cathedral."

"Weren't we in the cathedral just now?" The Demon moderated its volume,
not disturbing the other supplicants.

"Occasional accidents are understandable," Lumian replied unhurriedly.
"Moreover, I believe you can certainly control yourself in a short
period. It'll be more challenging beyond half a year."

The Demon also directed its gaze at the altar, its ice-blue eyes
reflecting the Sacred Emblem of Life.

"Why do you think so?"

"I'm an experienced adventurer," Lumian said with a smile. "I know that
orthodox Churches adhere to a common rule. Survivors entangled in a
mysticism incident are often drawn into the Church if there's any hidden
danger. They become civilian staff and receive long-term protection to
prevent sudden deaths. However, those who witnessed the Demon's figure
on Hanth Island didn't undergo this process. They only received a few
months of protection before departing.

"Could it be that the Church fears prolonged stays might lead to deaths
even within the cathedral or cloister?

"In such instances, it would undoubtedly tarnish the Church's
reputation. One can't keep a constant watch on higher-level powers
indefinitely."

The white-haired Demon fell silent for a few moments before confessing,
"I didn't want to kill them, but I..."

At this point, its face twisted once more, icy-blue eyes filled with
pain.

Once again, it crossed its arms over its chest, resuming a low-voiced
prayer.

This time, it swiftly regained its composure.

Lumian resumed the conversation with a smile.

"Don't tell me you penned all those epitaphs for those people?"

"That's correct." The Demon in the black suit maintained its slightly
forward-leaning posture.

*It seems this Demon has a rather amicable relationship with the Church
of Earth Mother... Not strictly devout, but a believer
nonetheless...* Lumian understood that the ice-blue-eyed Demon
wouldn't respond even if he inquired. Such questions might even provoke
serious consequences. He had to capitalize on its stable emotions to
seek some details.

Before Lumian could speak, the Demon posed a question.

"Foreigner, why did you come to Hanth Island?"

Lumian deliberately smiled.

"I previously encountered a Demon incident..."

Lumian briefly recounted Salah's encounter with the Love Incantation in
Port Colla. While leading the investigation, the suspect's body had been
suddenly commandeered by a Demon seeking a deal, which he rejected.
Lumian, utilizing undisclosed official powers, had then expelled the
other party.

Lumian omitted details about the Love Incantation's content and
refrained from mentioning Naboredisley's name, fearing deep-seated
animosity that might trigger intense agitation.

Concluding, he stated, "I read in the notebook about Demon legends on
Hanth Island, connected to the deal the Demon sought. Intrigued, I
decided to investigate. My intention wasn't to finish off anyone."

"You can't finish off anyone either," the Demon with ice-blue eyes
remarked candidly.

It continued gazing at the Sacred Emblem of Life and added in a calm,
deep voice, "Curiosity kills the cat."

Lumian chuckled.

"It's indeed risky, but finding you within a day and discovering the
sealed valley indicates my capabilities."

*Next time, I'll choose a safer "sanctuary."*

The Demon with ice-blue eyes, with few wrinkles, smiled---an uncommon
sight.

"Your methods are unconventional, but they align with the mysticism
world's underlying laws.

"But had I not controlled myself and repented for past deeds, you would
be dead. Such an investigation would have been futile."

Lumian didn't dispute. With the information he gathered, he knew there
was no immediate danger in the cathedral of the Church of Earth Mother.
The recent episode proved to be a false alarm.

He shifted the topic.

"Why did that inexplicable Demon target you?

"Moreover, with the strength of me and my companions, it's likely
impossible to eradicate a so-called Demon descendant like you. Was it
deliberately leading us to our demise?"

The Demon, clad in a black suit, kept its gaze fixed on the Sacred
Emblem of Life and responded, "I'm not certain which one you
encountered."

It refused to disclose more.

Lumian didn't dare press further, let alone provoke. His mind raced,
searching for an alternate approach.

"You seem unrestricted. Why not leave Hanth Island?

"There appears to be some force influencing you here."

The Demon's expression twisted as it stated, "This is my duty and my
atonement.

"Since converting to Earth Mother, there are times when I can't resist
the urge to kill, accumulating profound sins."

Recalling his earlier deduction, Lumian inquired casually, "Then why not
fully confine yourself?"

"Confinement won't suffice. I can't do it, and it can't be achieved that
way." The Demon with ice-blue eyes displayed pain once again.

*Indeed, closely tied to the blood-colored Demon in the valley... Yet,
as a Coldblooded, why does the act of killing, and the subsequent
"healing" by the Church of Earth Mother's reverence for life, still
cause you pain?* Lumian decided to steer the conversation to a
less sensitive realm and soothe the other party.

In a relaxed tone, he said, "I apologize. I wasn't courteous earlier and
failed to inquire about your preferred address."

The Demon with ice-blue eyes stared blankly for a moment before
responding, "Naboredisley."