---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2104
index: 628
section: vol4
slug: 628
title: Terrifying Dream
---

## Chapter 628: Terrifying Dream

Lumian vaguely noticed bubbles emerging from the pitch-black liquid
enveloping most of the blood-colored Demon's body. The brownish-green
hue of the bubbles resembled tree warts.

In an instant, the bubbles burst, reflecting brilliant colors as they
merged with the pitch-black liquid.

For some reason, Lumian sensed that something was wrong. He wished to
shut his eyes and avoid these details, but trapped in a dream, he had no
control.

In the depths of the pitch-black liquid, a figure lurked. It raised its
head slightly, gazing at the blood-colored Demon.

Moist brownish-green or light brown tree warts protruded from the
figure's body, reminding Lumian of Susanna Mattise in her Fallen Tree
Spirit state.

The distinction lay in Susanna Mattise's tree warts, branches, and
flower buds growing from her body, melding with her original form. The
figure's tree warts, however, seemed to pierce out flamboyantly from the
flesh and internal organs, tainted with blood.

In his dream, Lumian instinctively raised his right hand, wiping the
corners of his eyes. The back of his hand was stained red.

At some point, blood had flowed from his eyes, turning his vision a
blurry red.

The figure's overall outline appeared in the blur.

As if grown on a brownish-green tree, pierced by branches, overrun by
tree warts, and covered in flower buds, dripping with a viscous liquid.

A burning sensation engulfed Lumian's chest, prompting him to
instinctively close his eyes in the dream.

Yet, he was a step too slow.

*Bang!*

Lumian's eyes exploded, flooding his mind with searing pain.

He jolted awake, curling up in agony. His hands instinctively reached
for his eyes, encountering a flat, sticky, and moist substance. The
scent of blood hung heavily in the air.

As an Ascetic accustomed to severe injuries, Lumian took several minutes
to overcome the pain that threatened to render him unconscious.

Struggling to sit up, he opened his eyes, only to be met with absolute
darkness.

No crimson moonlight, no outlines of furniture in the bedroom---he
couldn't see a thing.

Lumian raised his hand once more, gently touching his eye sockets. Both
eyeballs had deflated, shattered beyond repair.

*Is it because I glimpsed something I shouldn't have?* Lumian
chuckled in self-deprecation.

It was a vision from a dream, something he never wished to witness.

Upon reflection, he realized that if Mr. Fool's seal hadn't triggered or
Termiboros hadn't activated it, his eyes might not have been the only
casualties.

Wiping the tip of his nose, Lumian felt moistness and caught the
unmistakable scent of rust.

In a surprisingly good mood, he quipped, "Luckily, it seems what's
flowing down is blood, not brain matter."

He rejoiced in surviving the ordeal.

Despite the tragic state of his head, Lumian's body remained relatively
unharmed, albeit a bit drained.

Gripping the edge of the bed, Lumian pulled himself up. In a state of
blindness and impaired smell, he relied on the Hunter's instinct,
navigating through his turf with a mental map. Bypassing furniture, he
reached the living room and knocked on the servant's door.

"Yes, what's the matter?" Startled, Lugano hastily opened the door,
dressed in a cotton shirt and underpants that served as makeshift
pajamas, fearing a repeat of the terrifying encounter with Father
Montserrat.

Under the crimson moonlight, he saw Lumian's blood-streaked face and
empty blood-red eyes filled with shattered fragments.

"Wh-what happened?" Lugano stammered, bewildered.

Who had beaten his employer to such a state?

Who could inflict such harm upon his employer?

Why not teleport away from this perilous situation?

Lumian calmly pointed at his eyes.

"Treat them."

"Alright," Lugano responded subconsciously, then added awkwardly, "With
the eyeballs in such a state, there's no way of treatment. We can only
find a suitable transplant."

Lumian, enduring the pain, calmly stated, "No need. Just stop the
bleeding and ease the pain."

"Alright." Lugano didn't dare argue, following his employer's
instructions. He extended his shimmering left palm.

Upon contact and a simple use of a scalpel, Lumian felt a refreshing
sensation in his eyes. The pain became more bearable, though his vision
remained absent.

"You can go back to sleep," Lumian waved dismissively, as if his loss of
vision was inconsequential. With one hand in his pocket, he strolled
past the Dutanese textbook on the carpet, settled into a recliner, and
rocked it gently.

Lugano watched in confusion and anxiety for a while before attempting to
return to bed, unable to fall asleep.

When the morning sun bathed the sea's edge, the Doctor abruptly rose
from his bed, deciding to grab a cup of coffee for a pick-me-up.

Upon leaving the room, he witnessed his employer in motion. Lumian's
green eyes sparkled, showing no signs of injury.

"Y-you're alright?" Lugano was bewildered.

Lumian responded with a radiant smile, "That's right."

"..." Lugano was momentarily speechless.

*How did my employer regenerate his eyeballs?*

*What kind of monster is this...*

*Is my role as his doctor merely to stop the bleeding and relieve the
pain?*

Lumian paid no heed to the servant's psychological turmoil. He returned
to the master bedroom, drew back the curtains, laid out the paper, and
picked up a dark-black fountain pen.

*I'm still not cautious enough...* He sighed suddenly.

After heeding the ice-blue-eyed Demons' warning and preparing to depart
Hanth Island with the Berries, Lumian refrained from promptly writing to
Madam Magician. He intended to observe the aftermath and wait until they
were safely away from the port.

Unexpectedly, he had experienced such a terrifying and dangerous dream
last night!

Initially suspecting that a Demon with ice-blue eyes had lost control
and covertly influenced him, Lumian later speculated that he might have
been subtly corrupted when he observed the blood-colored Demon and the
pitch-black liquid through the Mystery Prying Glasses. The corruption
lay dormant until he slept, manifesting fully in his dream.

Focusing his thoughts, he detailed everything witnessed and heard on
Hanth Island. He replaced the name Naboredisley with the term Love
Incantation.

Concluding the letter, Lumian wrote sincerely, "Perhaps I've encountered
too many Demons recently. I feel like I've accumulated too much
corruption and want to undergo treatment."

Following that, Lumian conducted a ritual, summoning the doll messenger,
and handed over the folded letter.

Accepting the letter with its right hand, the doll messenger covered its
nose with its left palm and exclaimed, "You stepped on the world's
stinkiest thing!

"It stinks! It stinks!

"So dirty, so dirty!"

Swiftly grasping the letter between two fingers, the doll messenger
vanished from the room.

Lumian waited briefly, but with no immediate response from Madam
Magician, he decided to seek "treatment" elsewhere.

His destination was the cathedral of the Church of Earth Mother in Port
Hanth, where he had visited the day before.

In the early morning, before the commencement of work, numerous
believers gathered to listen to the preaching.

The preacher, the ice-blue-eyed clergyman from yesterday, expounded on a
specific doctrine from the Holy Scripture. The concept that good and
evil emanated from the same source, making them inseparable, was
discussed. The sermon emphasized promoting good and suppressing evil.

*Isn't it a little ironic to have this coming from a Demon like
you?* Lumian criticized and sat in the first row, listening
casually.

He soon sensed the cathedral's vibrant vitality. Vegetation flourished,
and mushrooms quietly sprouted. The scent of wheat and milk provided a
calming atmosphere.

Unconsciously, Lumian realized that his life had gained intensity.

*Each of the orthodox Churches has its own merits...* he sighed
silently.

After five to six minutes, the ice-blue-eyed clergyman concluded his
preaching and approached Lumian with a warm smile.

"Young people who are willing to listen to advice always have a bright
future.

"Praise the Earth, praise the Mother of All Things!"

Lumian observed the ice-blue-eyed clergyman retracting his raised hands.
*Is he hinting that it's "satisfied" that I stopped inquiring, exploring
the forest, and searching for someone with ice-blue eyes since noon
yesterday?* Lumian considered, then looked at the clergyman
before speaking.

"However, I had a terrifying dream last night and nearly died from it."

"What dream?" the ice-blue-eyed clergyman inquired warmly.

"Bishop, how should I address you?" Lumian asked, deferring from
providing an immediate answer.

"Newman," the ice-blue-eyed clergyman announced its name in human
society.

Lumian briefly recounted the blood-colored Demon in his dream, the
pitch-black liquid, the blurry figure, and the branches and tree warts.
He didn't delve into the final injuries he had suffered.

Bishop Newman listened quietly, gazing at Lumian for a few seconds.

"Are you willing to listen to my preaching?"

"Sure," Lumian agreed, curious about what the Ice-blue-eyed Demon had to
say.

Newman flipped open the Holy Bible in his arms and spoke in a magnetic
voice, "There are two Abysses. One is material, and the entrance is
somewhere in the real world. The other is spiritual, and the entrance is
deep in everyone's hearts.

"Sometimes, these two Abysses are separated, but most of the time,
they're one.

"Good intentions and evil intentions come from the same source. It's
inevitable for us to harbor evil thoughts like jealousy, hatred,
destruction, greed, harm, and arrogance. This is normal, not sinful.

"However, if we act on jealousy, hatred, greed, and arrogance, killing
someone---our souls will gradually sink into the Abyss.

"When the time comes, one can only repent to the Mother, just like this.

"Merciful Mother, I have fallen into the Abyss of evil..."

Lumian listened quietly, grasping the essence of Bishop Newman's words.

He acknowledged his mistake rooted in arrogance.

His earlier ventures, marked by a proactive approach and a lack of major
problems, had led him to underestimate the concealed perils of
high-level matters.

Standing up, Lumian raised his hands.

"I understand. Praise the Earth, praise the Mother of All Things!"

Newman nodded in satisfaction.

Returning to the Berries, Lumian read the reply, neatly folded into a
square.

The letter contained spirit world coordinates and a concise directive:
"Put an end to the matter on Hanth Island. Find time to seek treatment
here."