---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2107
index: 631
section: vol4
slug: 631
title: Devilogy
---

## Chapter 631: Devilogy

The steeple's base was paved with black stone bricks, and a colossal
pillar rose proudly. Lumian felt like a visitor in a giant's kingdom as
he strode through the expansive and dimly lit space. The occasional tall
residents who effortlessly towered over him only heightened this
impression.

Guided by the signs on the wall, he ascended to the third floor,
revealing rows of imposing bookshelves.

The custodian of the library, an elderly man draped in a linen robe,
oversaw the space.

Even seated, he matched Lumian's height, and his slightly gray skin bore
the marks of age.

Engrossed in a goatskin-bound book, the library administrator paid no
heed to Lumian's entrance, his gaze firmly fixed on the text.

Lumian, not rushing to seek permission for his exploration, entered the
library and followed the guidelines posted on each row of bookshelves
leading to the section housing mythical books.

He ran his finger over the weathered leather-bound book and another with
freshly copied pages, choosing a tome that chronicled creation myths.

Before the bookshelf, Lumian casually flipped through its pages, only to
stuff the book back.

He couldn't comprehend it!

The words were in Jotun!

This ancient language, associated with the Beyonder race of giants,
possessed the ability to manipulate the forces of nature. Ranked
alongside Dragonese, Elvish, and ancient Hermes, Jotun held significant
importance in mysticism.

Although Lumian had mastered ancient Hermes and Hermes, Jotun remained a
language he recognized but hadn't fully mastered. He could barely
decipher the title of the ancient book but couldn't comprehend its
contents.

A sweep of his gaze revealed a corresponding copy of the ancient book,
this time written in ancient Feysac---a human language devoid of
supernatural influence.

Joy surged within Lumian as he retrieved the soft-covered book and
settled into the reading area near the window.

Throughout the entire process, no one intervened or issued a warning.

*This library is entirely open to everyone. Even those not residing in
the New City of Silver can peruse its contents, but borrowing seems to
be off the table? Or perhaps, the knowledge on this level isn't deemed
confidential*, Lumian mused, maintaining a steady pace.

He strolled past the section dedicated to Beyonder creatures, and his
keen eyes snagged a book titled "Devilology."

*Devilology...* Recalling recent encounters, Lumian snagged the
corresponding copy.

In the reading area, he chose a spot shielded from direct sunlight yet
bathed in ample illumination. Seated, he delved into the pages of
"Devilology."

As he read, Lumian's eyes widened, and his mouth hung slightly ajar.

He murmured to himself, *Is it really acceptable to have this kind of
knowledge available to the public?*

Each piece of information was invaluable!

The "Devilology" book meticulously outlined the traits and behaviors of
creatures from various species after transforming into Devils. It also
provided detailed analyses of Devils with distinct personalities within
the same species.

For those potentially facing Beyonders of the Devil pathway in combat,
the value of this book rivaled that of a potent Grade 2 Sealed Artifact
or its corresponding mystical item.

*Moreover, how did the New City of Silver come by such knowledge? It's
improbable they could compile creature illustrations without dispatching
hundreds of Devils... Could it be that the half-giants and giants here
are Devil Hunters? Perhaps, in ancient times, when Devils were more
active, they shared information with other factions?* Lumian
grew more alarmed as he read on.

Midway through, he massaged his throbbing temples, sensing a rapid
depletion of his spirituality.

Lumian temporarily closed "Devilology," intending to explore the
creation myths of the New City of Silver and take a well-deserved break.

From the very outset, the creation myth read:

"The omnipotent and omniscient god created everything before slipping
into a profound slumber.

"Among the mythical races He brought into being, Giant King Aurmir,
Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt, Elf King Soniathrym, Vampire Ancestor
Lilith, Devil King Farbauti, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace, Mutant King
Kvastir, and King of Demonic Wolves Flegrea emerged as potent and crazy
beings. They partitioned the authority left by the Lord, transforming
into ancient deities governing the sky, land, sea, reality, the spirit
world, and the astral realm..."

Abruptly, a dull-skinned, slightly gray finger tapped a specific spot on
the page.

An aged, raspy voice echoed.

"Do not utter this name in any Beyonder language."

Lumian looked up, surprised to find the library administrator,
previously immersed in his books, standing beside him seemingly out of
nowhere.

As a Hunter, Lumian remained oblivious!

Partly due to the lingering dizziness from reading "Devilology," it
showcased the library administrator's proficiency in concealing both
breath and movement, given his towering stature of more than three
meters.

Lumian redirected his attention to the name indicated by the library
administrator.

"Devil Monarch Farbauti."

Without awaiting Lumian's inquiry, the library administrator, bearing
giant-like traits, shifted his finger a few centimeters and remarked,
"It's advisable to avoid pronouncing this name in any Beyonder language
as well."

Lumian followed the motion of the finger, silently noting the
corresponding name in his mind.

"Vampire Ancestor Lilith."

"Why am I not allowed to read about it?" Lumian expressed his ignorance
without reservation.

The library administrator spoke in a deep voice, "The Devil Monarch is
still alive. This formidable ancient deity remains among the living.

"And the Vampire Ancestor is suspected to be alive as well. In recent
times, an individual in the city experienced disturbances after uttering
the name 'Lilith' in Jotun. Although their life wasn't at risk, they
endured prolonged suffering."

*Ancient deities? Entities that once governed the world before the
Ancient Sun God's era?* Lumian recalled fragments of his limited
knowledge and inquired thoughtfully, "Did the Ancient Sun God rescue
humanity from the dominion of these ancient deities?"

The library administrator, towering at more than three meters, turned to
the last page and pointed.

Lumian read the description:

"The omnipotent and omniscient god stirred from slumber, rising from the
earth to vanquish the ancient deities and reclaim His authorities.

"Note: In the present era, the omnipotent and omniscient god is also
known as the Ancient Sun God..."

*Indeed... Among the eight ancient deities, Devil Monarch Farbauti is
still alive, Vampire Ancestor Lilith is suspected to be alive, and the
rest have perished? Giant King Aurmir... Why does that name sound
familiar? Ah, the provincial capital renowned for its red wine and
champagne. What ties does it share with the Giant King?* Lumian
cautiously inquired, "Can these two names be pronounced in ordinary
human language?"

"The Vampire Ancestor's is acceptable, but it's advisable to refrain
from attempting the Devil Monarch's. You must exercise caution even in
writing it," responded the colossal library administrator. "We are
uncertain if the Devil Monarch possesses any special abilities."

*Exercise caution even in writing... Are all Demons like this? Yes, the
deity of the Devil pathway remains alive, an ancient being since the
Second Epoch...* Lumian murmured, his heart stirred. He
retrieved a note with the Love Incantation from his Traveler's Bag.

"Have you encountered this name before? I came across a Demon who
identified itself as this. Much like the others, it cannot be spoken or
written, only thought."

The library administrator accepted the note with a hand capable of
engulfing Lumian's head. His gaze swept over the name "Naboredisley."

He lapsed into deep contemplation. After a minute or two, he silently
retrieved a copy from a concealed location within the bookshelf.

The book's title read: "A Summary of Rumors and Hearsay Before the
Cataclysm (1)"

*What a simple name...* Lumian observed as the library
administrator opened the newly-acquired book, pointing at a particular
line of text.

"As anticipated, it's right here."

Lumian fixed his gaze and read silently.

"After the Devil Monarch Farbauti led the Devils back to the Abyss,
occasional rumors persisted of Demons enticing humans.

"The Demons operated under the following names:

"Beelbubli, Almos, Samael, Lilatan, and Naboredisley.

"A high-ranking Demon Hunter speculated that these names conceal the
aliases of Devil Monarch Farbauti..."

*The Devil Monarch Farbauti's alias?* Lumian felt a jolt as a
thin layer of sweat coated his back.

*Could Naboredisley be the Devil Monarch?*

*The sealed blood-colored Demon was the Devil Monarch?*

*No, it doesn't seem likely. If it were a genuine ancient deity,
catching just a glimpse of His form wouldn't have resulted in my eyes
exploding in a dream. I would have lost control immediately... Yes,
perhaps Farbauti's pseudonym is among these names, but it doesn't
necessarily mean Naboredisley is Him...* Lumian wiped his
forehead with his right hand, forcing a smile as he addressed the
library administrator, "As a foreigner, am I truly allowed to read these
books? The knowledge they contain is exceedingly precious."

The library administrator responded calmly, "The Chief has already
informed us that you are Mr. Fool's Blessed."

"Very well." Lumian found it amusing.

Apparently, not every foreigner could access this library.

The library administrator offered no further warnings. He took the book
chronicling pre-Cataclysm rumors and departed from Lumian's vicinity.

Lumian continued to alternate between reading "Devilology" and "Creation
Tales," taking breaks as needed.

As evening approached, he barely concluded both books and departed from
the Twin Towers.

Releasing his compressed spirituality, Lumian teleported back to the
Berries in Port Hanth.

Surveying the still-bright sky, Lumian confirmed that the investigation
into Hanth Island's Demon legends had reached its conclusion.

The matter delved into complexities beyond his reach.

He no longer hesitated about his next steps and plans.

Since he hadn't fully digested the Conspirer potion, he resolved to head
to West Balam and seek out Hisoka. There, he would hunt to digest the
potion and complete the advancement ritual!