---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2111
index: 635
section: vol4
slug: 635
title: Man-Eating Flower
---

## Chapter 635: Man-Eating Flower

At the entrance of the Man-Eating Flower bar, a figure strode in.

A woman, neither towering nor petite, clad in a conservative, deep-black
dress, caught everyone's attention. Her eyebrows were meticulously
drawn, her skin thickly powdered, and her cheeks adorned with noticeable
blush. Her lips shone gorgeously, and the area around her eyes sparkled
with gem-like hues.

Despite the woman's excessive makeup and unconventional style, her
captivating brown eyes, high nose bridge, luscious lips, and curvaceous
figure emitted a potent charm.

Male patrons in the bar shifted their gazes to the door, momentarily
silent. Only when the woman acknowledged a few customers with an aloof
nod did the atmosphere spring to life. Some attempted conversation,
while others raised their voices at their companions, trying to make an
impression on her.

Without lingering, the woman navigated through the crowd and settled on
the opposite side of the bar counter.

Unique. If Franca were here, she'd surely strike up a conversation...
Lumian felt a twinge of regret for his companion and averted his gaze.
He smiled at the bartender and commented,

"That lady seems quite popular."

The bartender wiped away the expression reserved for new adventurers and
replied sternly,

"She's my boss."

Boss... Lumian suddenly recalled the bar's name and asked thoughtfully,

"Man-Eating Flower?"

"It's her," the bartender lowered his voice and approached the
beautifully made-up woman of indeterminate age. He poured her a glass of
some unknown brand of Black Rand.

After the bartender returned, Lumian asked curiously,

"Why does she have the nickname 'Man-Eating Flower?'

"She seems very popular."

The bartender instinctively turned his head, observing his boss as she
focused on her drink and surveyed the patrons nearby. Leaning in, he
whispered,

"In Port Pylos, women of her caliber often relish the pursuit and
adulation of men but keep them at arm's length. Our boss, however, is
different. If she takes a liking to you, she'll extend an invitation for
a memorable night. Sometimes, we can hear her passion echoing through
the halls upstairs..."

The bartender paused, a mix of nostalgia and desire evident on his face.

Pleasure? Lumian subtly frowned and inquired with a smile, "Have you
ever been the object of her affections?"

The bartender fell silent.

For a moment, Lumian wondered if the other would smash his head with the
cup in hand.

Changing the subject, Lumian asked, "Aren't there brash men who try to
force themselves on your boss?"

The bartender sighed and replied, "Remember the name of our bar."

*Man-Eating Flower... Is that what it means?* Lumian grasped the
meaning.

The bartender elaborated, "Those who tried to force themselves on our
boss ended up badly. Some were severely injured or thrown down the
stairs. Others simply vanished.

"Even those who caught her eye would be pale the next day, legs
unsteady. They couldn't walk properly.

"That's why she's called 'Man-Eating Flower.' She embraces it.
Eventually, she named the bar after it."

*This is a departure from the Demonesses of Pleasure's style... But each
demoness has her own unique approach. Franca, a Demoness of Pleasure,
stands out from the rest...* Lumian's curiosity sated, he didn't
delve further into the bar owner. Instead, he retrieved an ordinary deck
of poker cards from his Traveler's Bag and asked, "Have you come across
anyone using poker cards as a weapon recently?"

According to Anthony Reid's analysis of Hisoka, a key member of April
Fool's, Hisoka had a strong inclination towards self-expression. After
successfully creating the poker card with the ability to change its
face, possessing Frost and Cut characteristics, it was clear he wouldn't
limit its use to mere April Fool's pranks. When engaged in combat or
carrying out acts of violence, he wouldn't hesitate to employ the
mystical item to end his target's life.

This information presented a promising lead for investigation.

Regarding the two pranks orchestrated by Hisoka, they revolved around
Matani and were linked to relatively confidential or significant local
affairs. Individuals who weren't locals or lacked prolonged residence
wouldn't spontaneously choose this area unless they also possessed ample
information to support their actions.

Lumian reasonably suspected that Hisoka's original sphere of activity
centered on Matani and its neighboring regions.

This rationale prompted his journey to Matani, despite believing that
Hisoka had likely heeded Loki's warning and evaded capture, concealing
himself.

Understanding Hisoka's past was crucial to deciphering his present and
ending his future!

The native bartender scoffed at Lumian's inquiry.

"Do you think I'd have that information?

"Consult the patrol team. Whether they choose to answer is another
matter."

*Patrol team...* Lumian didn't mind and nodded slightly.

Established by Admiral Querarill, the ruler of Matani, the patrol team
primarily handled mystical matters and conflicts among Beyonders.

In this state, following the withdrawal of most Intis colonial forces,
the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, the Church of God of Steam and
Machinery, and the new Cathedral of the Church of Earth Mother lacked
official authority to enforce the law.

While these churches maintained Beyonder teams in their cathedrals
across different cities, their jurisdiction was limited to self-defense
and safeguarding believers within the cathedral. They couldn't address
matters akin to their usual spheres of influence or eliminate potential
hidden dangers.

Admiral Querarill entrusted the corresponding authority to the newly
formed patrol team.

Some of the patrol team's Beyonders were veterans from Admiral
Querarill's army, while others were remnants of the former Balam Empire
or former adventurers and bounty hunters.

*What a simple name...* Lumian pondered for a moment as he
glanced at the few wanted posters on the wall.

"Admiral Querarill doesn't want adventurers turning Matani into a
hunting paradise? He doesn't want them brawling on the streets under the
guise of pursuing targets on wanted posters?"

The bartender shot Lumian a surprised look.

"You're quite sharp for an adventurer.

"In Matani, the wanted status is earned through crimes committed here.
No one cares about your actions elsewhere."

*As expected of one of the adventure paradises...* Lumian lifted
the kilju and finished it.

Just as he was about to switch to a glass of West Balam-specific liquor
to savor its distinct flavors, he felt a gaze upon him.

It was the owner of the Man-Eating Flower bar, the woman in the black
dress with exquisite makeup.

Lumian nodded calmly and shifted his focus back to the bartender.

While this Man-Eating Flower was undoubtedly attractive, she couldn't
match a Demoness in terms of feminine allure. Additionally, Lumian
wasn't fond of heavy makeup.

At that moment, the woman rose from her seat and sauntered over to
Lumian. She curled her lips and remarked, "I can sense that you're like
me, a living volcano, but it hasn't erupted yet. You're still enduring
and waiting in pain.

"Tonight, are you willing to feel my passion?"

Lumian raised his right hand and stroked his face.

*You're taken with me just like that?*

*Come to think of it, I've been a hit with the ladies since my youth.
Being a Hunter, I've often found myself surrounded by all sorts of
beauties... Could this be the subtle influence of the True Men pathway?
It doesn't add up. According to The Adventurer series and recent sea
rumors, Mr. Fool's Oracle, Danitz, is also from the Hunter pathway, yet
his romantic endeavors were fruitless, and he doesn't boast any notable
female companions...*

Lumian muttered internally and stood up. He offered a smile and
inquired, "How should I address you?"

"Bellotia." The woman's smile relaxed, making Lumian feel that she might
appear even more stunning without her heavy makeup.

Lumian took off his golden straw hat, pressed it to his chest, and bowed
slightly.

"Madam Bellotia, I appreciate your invitation, but there's someone else
I hold dear."

As he spoke, he disregarded Bellotia's slightly stiffened expression and
made his way past the Man-Eating Flower, heading for the bar's entrance
with composed demeanor.

Bellotia didn't stop him. Like numerous patrons in the bar, she observed
as he swung open the sturdy wooden door and stepped out.

As the wooden door thudded shut behind him, Lumian sneered and muttered
to himself, *I can resist even the charm of a Demoness of Pleasure. Why
take the risk with a woman of unknown origins?*

*Using someone I like as an excuse is already preserving your dignity.
If you still seek revenge, I won't hold back...*

Having left the bar early, Lumian wandered through the nearby streets,
exploring secluded alleys in hopes of stumbling upon incidents or
criminals to gather information.

After turning a few corners, he suddenly heard a clanging sound
emanating from a dark and deserted alley.

Silently, Lumian approached and delved into the alley. There, he
witnessed an intense battle between two men.

One, with evident native characteristics, appeared in his twenties. His
face was pallid, and he wielded a sharp but hefty dagger in his right
hand. His left palm was slightly open, and a dark shadow hovered in it,
creating a chilling atmosphere.

The other, in his early thirties, had ordinary facial features and an
expressionless demeanor. Short, black hair framed his face, and his
dark-green eyes were encircled by white.

Clad in a plain white shirt and black pants, he wielded longer, sharper
weapons resembling scalpels in each hand.

At this moment, the two engaged in a fierce battle, their weapons
clashing rapidly, resonating with metallic clangs.

Observing the skirmish, Lumian recognized that these weren't ordinary
individuals. They both bore Beyonder characteristics.

Halting his advance, Lumian nonchalantly stood with his hands in his
pockets, his right foot propped up against the wall. He unabashedly
observed the close-quarters combat between these Beyonders.