---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2113
index: 637
section: vol4
slug: 637
title: Unexpected Information
---

## Chapter 637: Unexpected Information

*Andariel, one of the three Devil families...* Lumian recognized
the last name from Madam Magician and asked with a warm smile, "What
brings you to Port Pylos?"

If it weren't for the lineage running in Devil families for generations,
with descendants naturally inclined towards the Criminal pathway, and
the other option of the Prisoner pathway seemingly trouble-free, Bram
Andariel couldn't shake the suspicion that the man before him carried
the last name Nois or Beria. Why did he exude more of a Devil vibe than
Bram himself?

Struggling, he lifted his right hand, wiping his swollen and cracked
face, cleaning up the blood and flinging it to the ground.

With the task completed, Bram responded, "Firstly, it's to gather
information about Matani for the family. Secondly, it's to find an
opportunity to act as a Serial Killer. Do you know what acting is?"

He cooperated with Lumian by speaking in Intisian.

Lumian nonchalantly stood before Bram, who was curled up on the ground,
and remarked with a smile,

"Your acting is subpar. You don't seem to be a criminal with a high IQ.

"Why would the Andariel family gather information about Matani?"

Bram had no intention of concealing the truth for the family.

"We're cooperating with the Rose School of Thought. They want
information on this place."

*The Rose School of Thought setting its sights on Matani? That's right.
Matani, seemingly detached from any Northern Continent nation, holds
ties to the Feynapotter Kingdom, but their influence is lacking. With
Admiral Querarill's sway, even if the Rose School of Thought and the
Andariel family dispatch only a handful of agents, resisting may prove
challenging...* Lumian perceived the stark contrast between the
Southern and Northern Continents.

Whether in Trier, the Feynapotter Kingdom, or the maritime colonies,
Lumian encountered criminal acts and mystical disasters driven by the
pursuit of strength and faith. Encroachments on factions or cities were
rare, but West Balam presented a different scenario on his first day.

If maritime disorder resulted from chaos, the Southern Continent teemed
with factional conflicts, overt or covert, causing widespread chaos.

Lumian, observing Bram's wound clotting, questioned further, "What intel
does the Rose School of Thought seek?"

Bram, reflecting, responded, "They want all kinds of
information---cathedral locations, military camp details, patrol team
compositions, port throughput, daily prices, and the locals' lives."

Are they preparing to rule this place in the future? Lumian inquired,
puzzled.

"To whom will you hand over the information you gathered? Where?"

"It will be written and placed in the study of an empty house at 17 Aleg
Street. My uncle, Devajo Andariel, will be responsible for retrieving
it. We don't usually contact each other, and I don't know where he lives
or under what identity," Bram explained in detail. "After becoming a
Devil, his special ability is to completely skin humans and perform
complicated processes to create Beyonder items with usage or time
limitations. No matter who it is, as long as he wears the human skin as
clothes, he can transform into the other person and complete the
corresponding disguise."

As Bram spoke, he wiped the blood off his body and flung it to the
ground, as if obsessed with cleanliness.

*This was mentioned in Devilology...* Lumian nodded
thoughtfully.

He pondered for a moment and asked, "Are there any traces of other
Devils in Matani?"

Perhaps Bram and his uncle weren't the only ones sent by the Rose School
of Thought to gather information.

Bram shook his head.

"Not recently.

"However, during my investigation, I stumbled upon a string of serial
murders around Port Pylos about four years back.

"The victims lay dissected, the scene steeped in blood and marked by the
aftermath of a fierce battle. Moreover, the seven casualties were no
ordinary individuals; they were Beyonders, ranging from Sequence 7 to
Sequence 8."

Listening intently, Lumian felt a surge of intrigue.

As per Franca's explanation, the name "Hisoka" stemmed from a literary
work hailing from the original world of transmigrators like themselves.
One of the character's defining traits was an insatiable appetite for
combat and the thrill of extinguishing formidable adversaries, reveling
in the ecstasy and carnage of claiming lives. If the target was
sufficiently potent, he'd patiently await their growth, perhaps even
offer a nudge.

Hisoka, a key member in April Fool's, adopted this moniker as his code
name, driven by an unmistakable urge for self-expression, mirroring this
characteristic.

*Hisoka is a Beyonder of the Devil pathway. Moreover, his targets are
Beyonders while he was at the Serial Killer stage. Unlike other Serial
Killers, he doesn't prey on the weak or ordinary people. If he had been
a Serial Killer four years ago, he would likely be at least a Sequence 6
by now. There's a strong chance he's a Sequence 5... Yes, he's concealed
his identity very effectively. No one in the Curly-Haired Baboons
Research Society knows his true pathway...* Lumian listened
attentively to Bram's account without interruption. He eagerly pondered
the possibility that Hisoka was a Devil or even a Desire Apostle in his
mind.

The curled-up Bram glanced up at him, propping his bloody palm on the
ground, and straightening his body slightly.

"This seems like the work of a Serial Killer. Moreover, he's exceedingly
confident in his strength and intellect, daring to target Beyonders.
However, I noticed some discrepancies."

"What discrepancies?" Lumian concealed his joy behind a gentle smile.

Bram shifted his palm to support himself.

"Serial Killers' victims often exhibit degraded behaviors. For instance,
those I've selected typically share a common trait: they enjoy
inflicting verbal harm and curses upon others for extended periods.
Thus, I'd remove their lips and preserve them. However, the seven slain
Beyonders had varying identities, backgrounds, and behaviors, lacking
the typical degeneracy."

"Perhaps he's merely a Beyonder with a fascination for serial killing,
not necessarily acting out the Devil pathway,"

Lumian mused, masking his interest with a teasing tone. He added
playfully, "Were you subjected to constant verbal violence as a child?"

*And the Coldblooded and Serial Killer potions amplified corresponding
resentments and psychological traumas?*

Bram fell silent, his body gradually stretching out, no longer curled
up.

Only then did Lumian steer the conversation back to the serial murder
case from four years ago.

"Do you have detailed information about the seven Beyonders who were
killed?

"Did you identify any suspects during the initial investigation?"

Bram shook his head slowly.

"I only had read the summary provided by the patrol team, not the full
investigation files.

"Most of the patrol team members were seasoned Beyonders who had
encountered Mutants and Devils before. Their judgment should be
reliable."

*Patrol team...* Lumian grinned at Bram and remarked, "Is there
any other information you deem crucial to share with me? If not, let's
proceed."

"Yes, of course." Bram straightened his back abruptly.

In the next moment, he spat out foul words in a language Lumian had
never heard before.

Devil Language!

As the Devil words reverberated, the blood, bloodstains, and bloody
handprints that Bram had left on the ground were enveloped in a faint
light.

A mystical connection seemed to form between them, linking them based on
their location, creating sinister symbols and patterns.

In the room's far cupboard, glass bottles filled with lips and colorless
liquid trembled suddenly, as if rocked by an earthquake.

This marked the initiation of a ritual to summon the projection of an
Abyssal Devil!

Serial Killers executed serial murders not solely for the thrill but
also to appease the Abyssal Devils. Once the killing spree concluded,
Serial Killers could proceed to the final step of the ritual, summoning
the projection of the corresponding Abyssal Devil. This granted them the
assistance needed to fulfill their desires.

Though Bram's string of murders wasn't entirely finished and fell short
by a few targets, he had met the minimum threshold. It satisfied the
basic quantitative requirements, allowing him to expedite the ritual.

Understandably, this shortcut wouldn't yield the same effectiveness as
the standard procedure. Yet, in the face of urgency and danger, Bram
paid little heed.

He cooperated willingly, divulging information to divert the enemy's
focus from his subtle actions. For instance, allowing blood to drip onto
the ground in a specific pattern and pressing his blood-stained palm in
a particular location. These marks replaced conspicuous evil and
degenerate symbols with subtler, blood-stained alternatives.

With the preparations complete, Bram could utilize the Devil Language's
"activate" to trigger the ritual, pleasing a high-level Devil and
summoning its projection to confront the enemy!

Lumian silently observed Bram Andariel's "handiwork," feeling the room
steeped in malevolence and tainted by corruption.

He raised his right hand, snapping his fingers.

Bram, coldly observing him while anticipating the ritual's protection,
suddenly heard a rumbling emanate from within his body.

In confusion, he lowered his head and scrutinized his form. Crimson
flames erupted from within, inflicting the agony of violent waves
tearing through his internal organs, bones, and flesh.

Darkness gripped Bram's consciousness, accompanied by searing pain.

The last sight before losing consciousness: A black-haired young man
with green eyes, sporting a golden straw hat, curved his lips,
maintaining a warm smile. It was as though he watched a clown diligently
tumble into a trap.

*Rumble!*

The ritual concluded prematurely. An explosion originating from Bram's
body tore him into multiple fragments.

Fire Infusion and Delayed Explosion!

As Lumian adorned the Fury of the Sea brooch and ruthlessly assailed
Bram, he not only released pent-up emotions but also covertly infused
flames into Bram's body, triggering a Delayed Explosion.

This precaution aimed to avert any mishaps.

Moreover, there was no intention of granting forgiveness or negotiating
a deal to spare Bram. Thus, there existed no psychological barrier to
implanting a controlled time bomb within his body, ready to be
activated.

*Rumble!*

Corpse fragments scattered across the room, some plastering the walls.
Yet, this tumultuous event remained contained within the confines of the
Bottle of Fiction.