---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2118
index: 642
section: vol4
slug: 642
title: Visit
---

## Chapter 642: Visit

Camus extended his thanks to the telegrapher, retrieved his telegram,
and swiftly scanned its contents.

"Louis Berry, Intisian, hailed as the most renowned adventurer in the
Fog Sea over the past six months. Sporting a distinctive golden straw
hat, he successfully hunted down the Demon Warlock Burman, earning a
hefty bounty of 600,000 verl d'or. Furthermore, he collaborated with the
Earth Mother Church in Port Santa to address the crisis surrounding the
Sea Prayer Ritual. However, the precise details remain elusive..."

Upon perusing the telegram, Camus released a silent sigh and remarked to
himself, *He's truly a great adventurer. It's no surprise he managed to
handle that Serial Killer...*

Camus couldn't gauge the Demon Warlock's true strength, but the
substantial bounty spoke volumes. The sum of 600,000 verl d'or was a
testament to the Demon Warlock's threat level. Even if Louis Berry's
fame stemmed solely from his encounter with such a formidable adversary,
he undeniably stood among the great adventurers.

It wasn't lost on Camus that Bram, the perpetrator of numerous murders
that had kept the patrol team occupied for nearly two weeks, only
carried a bounty of 50,000 verl d'or. Such figures tempted Camus to
consider collaboration with Louis Berry.

Reflecting on the substantial 600,000 bounty and comprehending Louis
Berry's generosity, Camus tucked away the telegram and graciously
commended the female telegrapher with an exaggerated flying kiss.

Running his fingers through his tousled brown hair, Camus descended to
the hall below.

The evening had descended, and it wasn't his night for duty. He could
head home and take a break.

Out of the blue, Camus's gaze focused as he spotted the handsome Louis
Berry, sporting black hair, green eyes, and a laid-back demeanor, seated
on the sofa, casually playing with a golden straw hat.

Approaching cautiously, Camus inquired, "Is there anything else?"

Lumian ceased twirling the straw hat, sat up straight, and grinned.

"I've got something else to talk to you about."

Realizing that one of the three shops that could buy Fermo coffee was on
Cania Street, not far from the patrol team, Lumian's immediate thought
was:

*Could Hisoka be hiding within the patrol team, perhaps as one of its
members?*

*Is the most dangerous place the safest?*

After careful consideration, Lumian considered it a possibility, though
not particularly likely.

On the one hand, among the seven Beyonders who were killed, including
the Death believer in Port Pylos, the Rose School of Thought's
peripheral member, and the spy left behind in Matani by the Intis
Republic, were secretive individuals, blending in with ordinary people.
Without substantial information sources, it would be challenging for
Hisoka to identify them as Beyonders and target them.

This suggested that either Hisoka had a unique ability to discern
Beyonders from ordinary people or possessed a mystical item granting him
such insight, or he had control over an extensive information network.
The patrol team, being intimately familiar with Matani and Port Pylos,
might have already detected something amiss with the Death believer, the
Rose School of Thought's member, and the Intis spy and been conducting
surveillance.

Hisoka's membership in the patrol team would explain his ability to
uncover a Beyonder's hidden identity and carry out the murders.

On the other hand, if Hisoka, a Devil pathway Beyonder, had joined the
patrol team, suspicions would undoubtedly arise once the serial murders
occurred---unless he concealed his true pathway from the start. However,
the patrol team differed from the Curly-Haired Baboons Research Society.
Hisoka would need to use his abilities frequently during daily missions,
making it difficult to conceal them for months or years.

There was no room for mishaps. It wasn't feasible for him to
meticulously prepare before each mission, adorning the corresponding
mystical item solely to reveal his abilities in that specific situation,
right?

Even as a Devil, he couldn't pull it off!

Given that many missions had no specific target, Devils couldn't foresee
imminent danger.

Driven by suspicion and uncertainty, Lumian took a special trip to the
patrol team, visiting Camus to unearth new clues or gain inspiration to
either confirm or eliminate the corresponding possibilities.

"What do you want to discuss?" Camus furrowed his brow.

*Is this guy scheming to use the morning's bribe as leverage to threaten
me?*

*The dossier isn't particularly important. Even if I lose it, it's just
a minor punishment!*

Wearing his golden straw hat, Lumian rose with a smile. Pointing at the
door, he suggested, "How about a cup of coffee?"

After a brief contemplation, Camus responded in a deep voice, "Fine."

Exiting the patrol team's entrance, Lumian made his way toward the
Matani Import and Export Shop.

In the fading dusk, he immediately spotted Port Pylos's police
headquarters diagonally opposite the patrol team.

Numerous individuals clad in dark-blue police uniforms moved in and out,
some holding cups of coffee.

*Wh---* Lumian's heart stirred.

*Could Hisoka not be a member of the patrol team but a high-ranking
police officer at the police headquarters?*

At a certain rank, the police collaborated with official Beyonders to
access a wealth of information. Many official Beyonders' investigations
were conducted through the police due to limited manpower.

If Hisoka held a significant position at Port Pylos's police
headquarters, it was plausible for him to identify the three concealed
Beyonders. Additionally, there would be no risk of exposing his pathway
during routine missions, and acquiring his favored Fermo coffee beans
would be a breeze.

On the other hand, it was precisely because the Matani Import and Export
Shop offered a variety of coffee beans that Hisoka fell in love with the
pure, bitter, and fragrant Fermo coffee without sugar.

However, this was just one possibility among Lumian's speculations. For
instance, Hisoka, being a bold and self-assured individual, might have
visited Cania Street specifically to buy Fermo coffee, relishing the
incompetence and frustration of the patrol team. Alternatively, Hisoka
might not be a Beyonder of the Devil pathway but simply possessed the
corresponding Sealed Artifact and had mastered a unique ritual to
appease Devils. There was also the chance that Lumian was
mistaken---Hisoka might not be linked to the serial murders four years
ago.

With these thoughts in mind, Lumian contained his excitement and entered
the Matani Import and Export Shop alongside Camus. They reached the
section where various coffee beans were on display and secured a seat in
the attached coffee shop.

"Highlander coffee with milk and two cubes of sugar," Camus ordered from
the waiter with a sense of familiarity.

Lumian, on the other hand, opted for a cup of fragrant Intis coffee.

While waiting, Lumian casually observed the coffee choices of other
customers. Turning to Camus, he inquired, "Judging by the name, are you
a Feynapotterian?"

Camus hesitated briefly before truthfully responding, "My full name is
Don Givré Camus Castiya."

He was willing to share his full name as the telegram mentioned Louis
Berry having a good working relationship with the Church of Earth
Mother.

Lumian chuckled.

"So, you're a noble lord."

The name Castiya belonged to the royal family of the Feynapotter
Kingdom, and "Don" at the beginning of Camus's name signified
"Honorable," representing his noble status.

Camus smiled wryly and remarked, "If I were truly a nobleman, why would
I join a local patrol team in the Southern Continent?

"Our branch has long dwindled, but I can't deny that this last name and
the Don prefix have provided me with advantages beyond those of ordinary
people. I received a potion upon reaching adulthood, achieving Sequence
9 Beyonder status. However, my subsequent advancements were the result
of my own efforts."

*Accepting my 50,000 verl d'or bribe is part of your efforts?*
Lumian teased inwardly. He glanced at the two cups of coffee brought by
the waiter, feigning casualness as he asked, "Don't you want to try some
other coffees? Is highlander coffee your only choice?"

Camus raised his cup and took a sip. "I'm accustomed to its taste."

Lumian removed his golden straw hat and took a sip, smiling as he
replied, "Fair enough. Just like how I can never acclimate to Fermo
coffee. It's too bitter with regular sugar, and too cloying with too
much. Some people appreciate the bitterness and fragrance of Fermo
coffee, opting for just a hint of sugar."

Lumian anticipated Camus to respond with, "Yes, some even drink Fermo
coffee without sugar." However, Camus's reply didn't align with his
expectations.

"That's how it goes. What's on your mind?"

Internally exhaling, Lumian spoke openly, "As you can tell, I'm deeply
intrigued by the serial murder case from four years ago. It's my sole
purpose in Port Pylos---a highly valuable assignment."

"Highly valuable? It's just a Serial Killer." Camus let out a sigh of
relief upon realizing Louis Berry was interested in discussing this
matter.

Even if he were blind, he could tell Louis Berry's genuine concern about
the serial murders four years prior.

Lumian vaguely explained with a smile, "This case holds secrets beyond
your wildest imagination."

*For example, transmigrators, or that Celestial Worthy...*

Camus took another sip of his highlander coffee and reflected.

"I arrived in Matani over five years ago. At that time, the Intisians
had just departed, and the kingdom and the Church's forces had completed
their initial infiltration. I sensed numerous opportunities, thinking I
could leverage my last name to secure a prominent position. Hence, I
took a ship across the Fog Sea. The outcome differed from my
expectations, but it was still acceptable."

Camus, in his mid-twenties, sighed as he recounted the past.

He continued, "When the case unfolded, I was merely a Sequence 8.
Alongside a few teammates, I followed Vice-Captain Reaza to
investigate."

He paused, offering Lumian a smile that seemed to convey, "If you want
more information, show more sincerity."

In that moment, Lumian was contemplating another question.

*If Hisoka truly belongs to the Devil pathway and has joined the patrol
team, is there a way for him to conceal his identity?*

Putting himself in those shoes, Lumian realized that concealing the
abilities of the Hunter pathway wouldn't pose a problem.

Most situations could be handled with the Ascetic pathway's abilities
and a couple of items.

Of course, the usage of an Ascetic's abilities was suspicious.

*Could it be that Hisoka is indeed a bestowed individual who typically
exhibits powers from the boon pathway?* Lumian raised his cup
and took a sip of coffee, avoiding delving into the details of the
serial murders. He gazed at Camus thoughtfully and inquired, "Do you
have members in the patrol team skilled in divination or decryption?"