---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2131
index: 655
section: vol4
slug: 655
title: Pleasure
---

## Chapter 655: Pleasure

Lumian carefully examined the dossier on the Tizamo Town tragedy, which
unfolded at the close of the previous year.

It detailed the incident as a gentleman and his servant's hunting
expedition in Tizamo Town's primitive forest. Their actions provoked a
large primitive tribe, leading to a retaliatory surprise attack on
Tizamo Town. The assault resulted in numerous casualties, including the
gentleman, his servant, several patrol team members responsible for
Tizamo Town's security, and many innocent civilians.

In response, Admiral Querarill deployed additional troops to safeguard
the area, prompting the primitive tribe to retreat into the depths of
the forest.

There are quite a few formidable tribes inhabiting the Southern
Continent's primitive forests... Lumian sighed from the bottom of his
heart after reading the dossier.

This situation, a historical relic from the Balam Empire era, was
emblematic of the challenges faced by the region.

While ancient empires boasted numerous powerful individuals in their
ranks, along with a substantial number of Low- to Mid-Sequence
Beyonders, effective management faced limitations. Technical
constraints, population size, and the diversity of characteristics
restricted governance to cities with favorable geographical conditions.
These included towns and villages surrounding these cities, fertile
plains, pastures, and valleys. The more challenging terrains, like
primitive forests and mountains, remained largely unexplored due to
these limitations, providing little incentive for the empires to
eliminate potential threats.

When the Northern Continent invaded, causing the fragmentation of the
Balam Empire and the destruction or replacement of other nations, many
rebels sought refuge in these untouched areas, intensifying the dangers
of the primitive forests and mountains.

In contrast, after Emperor Roselle initiated the Industrial Revolution,
such challenges decreased in the Northern Continent. Currently, only a
few remnants linger in the mountains of the south-central region.

The dossier offers no clues about April Fool's pranks or any Demon
presence. Lumian, undeterred, set aside the dossier and turned his
attention to something else.

He searched for keywords like "dream" and "festival."

Before his demise, Hisoka had mentioned the "Dream Festival."

Unfortunately, the patrol team had only been operational for six to
seven years, with no recorded history of Tizamo Town's previous issues.
During this period, there were no instances of dream-related or
festival-related problems in Tizamo Town.

Lumian wasn't disheartened. He placed the dossiers down and addressed
Camus, "Can I make a copy of everything?"

"No problem." Camus knew Louis Berry was about to summon the Rabbit of
Knowledge again.

At that moment, Reaza entered with another member of the patrol team,
placing a small but weighty cloth bag in front of Lumian.

"Your bounty. Confirm it," Reaza said in Dutanese.

Lumian lifted the cloth bag and spilled its contents onto the table.

Banknotes from Intis and a considerable number of gold coins lay before
him. Lumian counted them, confirming everything was in order.

After Reaza and the other patrol team member departed, Lumian turned to
Camus and pushed the cloth bag over with a smile.

"You..." Camus's eyes widened, asking hesitantly.

Lumian responded with a grin, "As I said, I'll waive the official
bounty."

"But I didn't..." Camus subconsciously replied, maintaining his
politeness.

Lumian chuckled.

"The information you provided was crucial, but you need to share it with
Kolobo.

"Also, do me a favor."

*This sum of money is for information and compensation based on the
dangers we faced...* Camus pressed down on the cloth bag,
asking, "What is it?"

"Help me find a few people born and raised in Tizamo Town who are
currently living in Port Pylos. Also, locate a few who have visited
Tizamo Town multiple times but have no connection to it. Bring them to
my place one by one," Lumian requested.

Camus listened attentively and breathed a sigh of relief.

"No problem."

This matter was straightforward!

Upon his return to Hotel Orella, Lumian had barely set down the Rabbit
of Knowledge's copied dossier in his room, ready to delve into its
details, when the doorbell chimed.

Amidst the tinkling sounds, Lugano rushed to open the door.

Shortly after, he called out, "Boss, Monsieur Iveljsta wishes to meet
you."

*Iveljsta? The one residing on B18 with numerous Zombie servants,
suspected to be a Wraith? He's here for me?* Lumian raised his
eyebrows, set aside the dossier, and exited the master bedroom.

*†*

Trier, Quartier de la Cathédrale Commémorative.

In Franca and Jenna's rented apartment.

After seeing Anthony off, Franca returned to the master bedroom,
contemplating the progress of digesting the Pleasure potion.

Even though Lumian's situation was unique, how could he digest the
potion so quickly? How could he ascend to Sequence 5 in merely half a
year? Despite this, Franca found herself triggered.

There lingered a sense of disappointment and frustration at being
outpaced within seven months of watching over Lumian as an elder sister,
or rather, an elder brother.

She longed to reach Sequence 5 and become a Demoness of Affliction at
the earliest opportunity.

Truth be told, her digestion of the Pleasure potion surpassed that of
most Demonesses. She had also gleaned substantial insights while delving
into alternative interpretations and symbols of Pleasure. Patience was
paramount, but blame fell upon the fellow with an absurdly rapid
progression by her side!

*Sigh, I must seek a partner for Pleasure. Both the ordinary and more
profound forms of Pleasure are imperative. Only then can I digest it
more rapidly. One is akin to my left foot, the other to my right---I
must exert effort in both to move forward. I cannot jump on one foot
alone... Franca's thoughts were lucid, yet she was uncertain how to
proceed. Sigh, I cannot muster the courage to broach the subject...
Should I seek help from Browns and her companions?*

As Franca paced the room, she suddenly heard a knock on the bedroom
door.

Jenna? Franca paused and turned towards the door.

"Enter, please."

Jenna, donned in a beige fluffy dress, stood before the door.

"Why the sudden politeness?" Franca inquired, feeling slightly uneasy.

Jenna chuckled in exasperation.

"Dammit! I've always been polite, okay? It's just that you never shut
the door. You only close it when you sleep. How am I supposed to knock?"

With that remark, Jenna wore a vexed expression.

She regained composure and flashed a smile.

"Are you grappling with the Pleasure potion's digestion? Do you lack a
target for its digestion?"

"Yes, but as I mentioned before..." Franca began to defend herself.

Jenna cut in, "What about me?"

"Huh?" Franca was caught off guard.

She questioned if she was imagining things.

Jenna's lovely face displayed a charming smile, reminiscent of her days
as the Showy Diva, Little Minx.

She pushed aside strands of hair falling from her ears and grinned.

"Didn't you inform the Demoness of Black that we're lovers?

"Then why not turn to me for Pleasure potion digestion?"

"B-but..." Franca was bewildered. "Why are you doing this?"

Jenna approached Franca, maintaining her enticing smile.

"I want to experience pleasure. I'll become one in the future."

Surprise shifted to shock. Franca examined Jenna, wondering if she had
undergone a sudden change.

Franca only snapped out of her reverie when Jenna halted in front of
her, and a familiar fragrance filled her senses. She blurted out, "Are
you trying to help me? Are you aiding me in this aspect because I've
been without a partner for Pleasure digestion for so long?"

Jenna stopped and chuckled.

"That's one reason."

She gazed up at Franca's face and sincerely praised, "You're so
beautiful..."

Franca fell silent for a moment before posing a serious question, "Do
you like me?"

"I do," Jenna replied promptly. Her eyes glinted as she smiled and
added, "You're so lively, interesting, and captivating. Why wouldn't I
like you?"

Franca bit her red, moist lips.

"Then, do you love me? In a non-platonic sense."

Jenna fell silent.

She cast her gaze downward and pursed her lips.

"I don't want to deceive you. To me, you're a beacon of light that
brightens my life, offering hope and warmth. You're the person I trust
the most, my closest friend, and the perfect sister in my heart.
However, I've never envisioned romantic love between us."

Franca's heart sank at the words "I don't want to deceive you," and an
inexplicable ache surged within her.

A shiver ran down her spine.

She raised her right hand and shifted it slightly.

"Then, I can't..."

"Dammit! Why must you make things so complicated?" Jenna was already
feeling bashful, embarrassed, and torn. She struggled to conceal it and
convinced herself it was just an act. Upon hearing Franca's refusal, she
finally erupted. "Can't we have sex without love? Are you truly a
Demoness devoted solely to love?"

"I just feel..." Franca faltered. "I can handle others, but not you. I
can't bear the thought of you sacrificing yourself..."

Before she could finish, Jenna's tender lips pressed against hers,
exploring and nibbling with an unpracticed finesse.

Franca couldn't resist, swept away by Jenna's lips and tongue, fueled by
long-awaited anticipation, months of restraint, the lingering influence
of Demon corruption, and the effects of the Pleasure potion.

She succumbed to it until Jenna pulled back, panting.

"Sacrifice, my foot! Quit playing innocent. Haven't you always joked
about letting me experience true pleasure? Get with it!" Jenna's cheeks
flushed as she glared at Franca with moist eyes, resembling a fervent
and assertive lion cub.

Franca suddenly felt that during Jenna's days in the market district as
Little Minx, a small part of her personality might not have been an act
but something she already possessed.

Jenna kissed her again, and Franca couldn't deny the allure.

As she relished the fragrant, sweet, and passionate pleasures, she
couldn't shake off the realization that this was merely assistance, not
love.

In that moment, a phrase echoed in her mind: *In pain we find pleasure,
in pleasure we drown.*