---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2155
index: 679
section: vol4
slug: 679
title: Spirit Medium
---

## Chapter 679: Spirit Medium

Seeing Robert, clad in ice armor and dragging a frost scythe, sprinting
towards the stained-glass window facing him, Rhea, and Lugano, Camus
immediately drew his custom-made revolver and aimed it ahead.

At that moment, his feet turned cold, and his body froze, causing his
joints to become sluggish and his wrists to tremble.

From the corner of his eye, Camus observed that although Robert hadn't
truly approached, the frost on the ground and the icicles on the wall
had already reached him.

Within a radius of ten to twenty meters, the chill intensified,
resembling the extreme north.

With a swoosh, Rhea shot another arrow entwined with silver lightning.

Robert didn't dodge or evade. Exerting strength in his arms, he swung
the frosty scythe forward.

*Clang!*

The scythe knocked away the arrow, leaving behind a small amount of
lightning that raced towards Robert's body.

Amidst the sizzling sounds, Robert felt numb for a moment before
continuing to sprint towards Rhea and the others.

Camus was taken aback.

He wasn't surprised that Robert could control the frost scythe so
effortlessly and create a considerable frozen domain. Instead, he was
surprised that Robert had rushed up to him and was about to enter a
five-meter range.

*Doesn't he know about my Psychic Piercing ability?*

*Doesn't he realize that Psychic Piercing's effective range is five
meters?*

*Could it be that he has never encountered or fought a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder of the Arbiter pathway?*

*That's true*, Camus thought. *No one in the patrol team or the
Admiral Guard knows that Robert and Miss Amandina are Beyonders. After
obtaining Beyonder powers during the Dream Festival, they probably don't
use them much in the outside world. They can only unleash their full
potential during the annual Dream Festival. There aren't many Beyonder
enemies to choose from...*

As these thoughts raced through Camus's mind, he seized the opportunity.
As Robert stepped within five meters, his eyes lit up with brilliant
lightning.

Psychic Piercing!

Two bolts of lightning shot out and pierced Robert's head.

Robert let out a blood-curdling scream and tumbled forward, writhing in
pain.

He had tossed the frost scythe aside.

Rhea's arrow was once again nocked to the bowstring, instinctively
following Robert's roll. Fury blazed in her eyes, erupting from within
her body, and her muscles bulged with the surge of power.

Raging Blow.

This was the Raging Blow Rhea had accumulated through her anger.

It came from Sequence 8 Folk of Rage from the Sailor pathway. By
releasing accumulated anger, her attack was greatly enhanced.

Rhea was currently at this Sequence, but the hunting bow in her hand was
a powerful Beyonder item. It was a formidable weapon she had spent all
her savings on before arriving in Tizamo. It was called Thunderclap
Explosion and could be used for two years.

Soon, Robert ceased his tumbling, but he couldn't shake off the intense
pain caused by Psychic Piercing. He froze in place for a moment.

Without hesitation, Rhea watched the arrow, engulfed in dazzling
lightning, and released her grip on the bowstring.

The arrow shot out, but the lightning on it strangely split into two.
One continued to ensnare the arrow, while the other darted to the right.

*Wh---* Rhea's pupils dilated, unable to comprehend why such a
thing had occurred.

Instinctively, she turned her head and followed the separated bolt of
lightning to its destination.

Then, she saw Louis Berry leaning against the window, his eyes tightly
shut as he slid down.

A few seconds ago, upon hearing Louis Berry's words, Amandina had locked
onto him with a mix of confusion and excitement.

*Since you said it, I won't stand on ceremony!*

In her spiritual perception, Louis Berry's soul was intertwined with the
sinister soul, fiercely resisting while using various parts of his body
as a battlefield. However, the owner of the body was clearly at a
disadvantage.

Amandina couldn't separate them under such circumstances.

She vaguely understood why Louis Berry had instructed her to lock onto
the other party's head and entangled soul with her spirituality.

Lumian, who had Amandina use her abilities, stammered as he struggled to
move his left hand in his pocket.

His left hand wasn't in his trouser pocket or shirt pocket, but in his
Traveler's Bag.

After arriving outside Saint-Sien Cathedral and prying open the
stained-glass window, Lumian had inserted his left hand into his
Traveler's Bag, ready to retrieve a suitable mystical item at any
moment.

He was preparing for the impending battle.

If this wasn't a dream, he would likely have his hand in his left shirt
pocket---where Mr. K's finger was.

Before being fully controlled by the Wraith, Lumian relied on the
strength of a Reaper's soul to struggle and retrieve a brooch from his
Traveler's Bag.

It was the grayish-white, lightning-shaped brooch known as Fury of the
Sea!

Lumian gripped the brooch tightly and observed Amandina leaning against
the wall. She clenched her fists and closed her eyes.

His thoughts suddenly blurred, and his eyelids grew heavy.

He fell asleep and slowly slid down the wall.

Padre Cali fell silent in his body.

The Wraith appeared to be asleep as well. It was unknown if he would
fall asleep on his own or if he was affected by the negative effect of
now possessing a body.

Amandina opened her eyes and was delighted to see this. She wanted to
praise herself.

With a crackling sound, the bolt of lightning detached from Rhea's arrow
struck Lumian, transforming into numerous tiny electric serpents that
slithered around him.

This was the downside of the Fury of the Sea brooch!

Even if Lumian only carried it, there was a high chance of being struck
by lightning when he went out in the rain. And if he wore it without
attacking anyone else, the likelihood of encountering such a thing would
significantly increase.

Lumian believed that since the Fury of the Sea brooch had a chance of
attracting lightning strikes on a rainy day, it held a special allure
for lightning.

In such a situation, although it wasn't raining, what if there was
another source of lightning nearby? What would happen?

There was a high chance that it would attract a portion of someone
else's lightning!

Stimulated by the pain of the electric shock, Lumian, no longer affected
by the Nightmare ability, snapped out of his dream. He regained his
senses, but his body remained numb.

He experienced this, as did Padre Cali.

As soon as the Wraith regained consciousness, he instinctively detached
from Lumian's body to distance himself from the harm of the electric
current.

His face materialized on the nearest pane of glass, his form indistinct.

Seizing the moment, Lumian donned the grayish-white, lightning-shaped
brooch and retrieved his revolver from his Traveler's Bag.

He raised his right hand, aiming at Wraith Cali, who remained in a daze.
The Wraith's various colors reflected in Lumian's determined eyes.

The pallor rapidly expanded in Lumian's line of sight.

*Bang!*

Lumian calmly pulled the trigger, firing a yellow bullet.

As he did so, silver-white lightning flickered on the Fury of the Sea
brooch, instantly entering the bullet and wrapping around its surface.

This was one of the brooch's abilities. It could grant the wearer an
Electric Shock effect with every strike!

After temporarily losing the Pride Armor, this had become one of
Lumian's most effective methods against soul-type creatures.

The yellow bullet, engulfed in silver-white lightning, struck the
stained glass, shattering it and sending tiny electric currents in all
directions.

However, it missed Padre Cali. As Lumian pulled the trigger, the Wraith
vanished from the glass and instantly leaped onto the glass-like surface
of the crystal chandelier high above the cathedral.

Mirror Blink!

On the other side, Rhea's arrow struck Robert with precision, emitting a
resounding bang like a heavy object colliding.

*Crack!*

The ice armor covering Robert's body instantly cracked, shattering into
fragments that fell to the ground.

Under the assault of crackling electric serpents, the blurry shadow
attached to his body broke free and vanished into the void.

With the ice armor shielding him from most of the damage, Robert
remained relatively unaffected. However, his chest tightened, and his
body briefly went numb.

At that moment, he regretted not wearing clothes. The various
ingredients needed for his spirit channeling were hidden in his clothes,
such as Full Moon Essence Oil or Corpse Incense Medication.

There were very few spirits that could allow him to communicate safely
without the use of materials. The one just now was the most powerful.

Seeing Camus's special revolver and Rhea's arrows aimed at him, Robert
grew anxious. He thought of a spirit channeling method that could be
completed under such circumstances.

Frowning and fearing the pain, he bit the tip of his tongue.

*Pfft!*

He spat out the blood from the tip of his tongue mixed with his saliva,
emitting a strange sound from his throat.

A pair of weathered, stone-like hands reached out from beneath the
cathedral's stone bricks, seized Robert's body, and pulled him
underground.

At some point in time, the ground had softened like a swamp, and the
blood in the air abruptly vanished.

Camus's bullets and Rhea's arrows arrived one after another, but they
only caused sparks on the stone bricks on the ground.

*Spirit Medium?* Camus used this opportunity to revise his
judgment of Robert's pathway and Sequence.

*He's actually not from the same pathway as Miss Amandina?*

*Hadn't he also obtained his superpowers from the black
boulder?*

Camus hastily took a few steps back, retrieved a cartridge bag, and
began reloading the revolver.

As a member of Matani's authorities, obtaining Beyonder bullets with
different effects was relatively easy, even though the patrol team
wasn't wealthy or had much accumulation. After all, there was the
Eternal Blazing Sun Church, the God of Steam and Machinery Church, the
Church of Earth Mother, and numerous adventurers coming and going.
Furthermore, the patrol team needed to be vigilant against certain
branches of the Rose School of Thought and the Numinous Episcopate. They
had to make targeted preparations.

Camus swiftly inserted the golden Purifying Bullets into the revolver's
cylinder and snapped it shut.

At that moment, Padre Cali, who had leaped onto another stained glass
window, reappeared.

He opened his mouth and emitted a piercing shriek that harmed one's
eardrums and Spirit Body.

"Ah!"

Wraith Shriek!