---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2156
index: 680
section: vol4
slug: 680
title: Combat Experience
---

## Chapter 680: Combat Experience

Camus, who had just loaded the Purifying Bullets into his revolver
cylinder, heard a sharp sound of static in his mind.

Before his eyes, the world seemed to separate from him, a chunk of
transparent glass forming a barrier between him and reality. Under the
Wraith's Shriek, cracks appeared on the glass, extending into the Spirit
Body.

A faint shattering sound reverberated in the ears of Lumian, Rhea,
Lugano, Amandina, Robert, who had just crawled out of the ground near
the altar, and the other naked men frantically dodging. It brought sharp
pain to their eardrums, blood to their noses, and agony from the depths
of their souls.

Almost everyone froze in place, like fragile porcelain caught in an
invisible storm.

The naked men, who appeared ordinary, fainted without a sound. Blood
seeped from their eyes, nostrils, mouths, ears, and skin. However,
Lumian, who had advanced to Sequence 5 Reaper, suffered the least damage
and recovered the fastest.

Thin ice crystal arrows shot at him, their arrowheads flickering with a
cold light.

In an instant, Lumian made a decision.

He didn't transform into a shadow creature or enter the shadows to dodge
the damage, nor did he attempt to duck.

Instead, blazing white flames ignited over his body.

He transformed into a burning-white spear and hurled himself towards the
stained-glass window closer to the door, facing the ice crystal arrows.

Padre Cali, with his dark brown skin and sinister expression, stood
there.

Amandina was the second to recover from the Wraith's Shriek. She
witnessed the majestic blazing-white flaming spear collide with the ice
crystal arrows hurtling towards them.

Silently, a portion of the ice crystal arrows facing the blazing-white
flaming spear evaporated into sizzling white gas, while the surrounding
ones quickly melted and turned to steam.

White mist caused by water steam filled the air. Although the blazing
white flaming spear had dimmed significantly and stopped burning
violently, it still pierced through and headed straight for the stained
glass that revealed Padre Cali's figure.

Similar ice crystal arrows pierced through the white mist, striking
Amandina, Camus, Rhea, and Lugano. However, they either melted or shrunk
significantly, reducing their speed.

Amandina and Camus, who had just escaped the Wraith's Shriek, easily
dodged. Although Rhea and Lugano couldn't react in time and were hit by
the ice crystal arrows, they only felt a slight pain, as if a child had
hit them with a snowball. It was a little painful, but mostly wet and
cold.

They seized the opportunity to snap out of their daze, almost at the
same time as Robert at the altar.

*Crack!*

The blazing-white flaming spear struck the stained glass, shattering it
into countless pieces. However, Padre Cali had already leaped onto the
window that Lumian had pried open, narrowly escaping the attack.

As the flames of the burning white spear dissipated, Lumian's figure
emerged from the fading light.

Without hesitation, he ignited white flames once more, transforming into
a majestic spear that shot towards the window where Padre Cali had
appeared, determined to pursue his enemy.

He deliberately refrained from teleporting and repeatedly transformed
into a flaming spear, hoping to lull Padre Cali into overlooking such
possibilities. Then, at a critical moment, he would unexpectedly appear
beside him and use the Spell of Harrumph, catching the Wraith off guard.

Otherwise, it would be challenging to catch a Wraith that could
constantly jump through mirrored objects, using them as portals to evade
capture.

Furthermore, Lumian knew that Wraiths could be considered spirit world
creatures to a certain extent. They could also use the spirit world to
complete teleportation, although they couldn't compare to spirit world
creatures specialized in this area. Nevertheless, it wasn't an ability
to be underestimated.

As the fireball spear hurtled toward the window Lumian had pried open,
Robert rolled to the side of the altar where their clothes were,
intending to retrieve the ingredients used for spirit channeling.

*Swoosh!*

An arrow pierced the stone bricks in front of him, forcing him to change
the direction of his roll at the last moment, narrowly avoiding the
projectile.

As soon as Rhea regained her composure, she aimed at Robert and launched
an attack.

Both she and Camus believed that Louis Berry could handle Padre Cali on
his own, so their mission was to restrain Robert and capture this key
figure, preventing him from interfering in the battle.

As a gunshot rang out, Padre Cali's figure vanished from the
stained-glass window, leaving no trace of his presence.

The eyes of Amandina, who was nearby, reflected the image of the naked
fallen padre.

Amandina wanted to resist, but her body quickly turned cold, gradually
defying her will as an unknown force took control of her actions.

Amidst the sloshing sounds, Lumian's blazing-white flaming spear pierced
through the stained glass and landed outside the cathedral, three to
four meters away from Amandina, its heat radiating in the cool night
air.

As the flames dissipated, Lumian appeared, clad in a golden straw hat, a
white shirt, and a black vest.

At that moment, Amandina's hands had already "involuntarily" risen. The
corners of her beautiful face curled into a sinister and smug smile.

*Come on!*

*Attack me!*

*Amandina would be the first to be injured and die. If the body can't
protect me, I can still jump and shift positions in time!*

Padre Cali was wary of Amandina's ability to forcefully pull people into
dreams, a power that could easily turn the tide of battle. This time, he
chose to possess her instead of Louis Berry, an enemy at a higher
Sequence, hoping to use her as a shield against Lumian's attacks.

As Padre Cali manipulated Amandina's body with a sinister and smug
smile, he saw Louis Berry's lips curve into a radiant smile.

As a Wraith, Padre Cali had a strong spiritual premonition, and he
suddenly sensed extreme danger.

"Ha!"

A pale-yellow light burst forth from Lumian's laughter and landed on
Amandina, who stood three to four meters away, enveloping her spirit and
Padre Cali, who couldn't use Mirror Blink in time.

Lumian honestly found it a pleasant surprise.

*You know about Nightmare's abilities, but don't you know how to guard
against the Spell of Harrumph?*

*Oh, you really don't. You don't know this ability, nor do you know that
I'm capable of it.*

*However, as a Wraith, you can continuously "mirror-jump," yet you
insist on attaching yourself to one of my teammates and remain within a
few meters of me. What kind of belief is this?*

*Don't you have enough combat experience?*

*Even if you didn't know the Spell of Harrumph, you have to guard
against abilities like Psychic Piercing!*

*Oh, you think Camus is far away, so there's no need to worry about it.
As a Sequence 5 of the Hunter pathway, how would I know this? Are you
hoping to use me to quickly kill Amandina?*

*Haven't you considered the existence of mystical items?*

*My original plan was if I failed to finish you off after using
teleportation to deliver the Spell of Harrumph and Cull, I would feign a
strategic retreat and find a small space to set up the Bottle of
Fiction. Then, when you caught up, I would fight you in a cramped and
sealed space, just like how I dealt with Hisoka back then. To my
surprise, you delivered yourself to me...*

As Lumian criticized wildly, Padre Cali and Amandina fainted and
collapsed to the ground.

Had it been during his battle with Hisoka some time ago, Lumian would
have hastened to follow through with the subsequent steps. This was
because the Spell of Harrumph couldn't render a Sequence 5 enemy
unconscious for long. However, now that he had advanced to Sequence 5,
his Spell of Harrumph had become significantly stronger. The time he
could control a Wraith had increased, although it was still limited to a
few seconds.

Lumian retrieved a few special bullets from his Traveler's Bag. They had
been purchased through Camus from the patrol team.

Two Exorcism and two Purification Bullets, both golden in color.

Lumian swiftly loaded the four bullets into the cylinder of his revolver
and aimed at Amandina, who lay on the ground.

Catching sight of this from the corner of his eye, Camus jumped in
fright and shouted, "What are you doing?"

"Saving her," Lumian replied calmly.

Then, he pulled the trigger.

*Bang!*

The golden Exorcism Bullet struck Amandina's shoulder, causing her to
bleed and emit a golden sunlight.

Amandina woke up in pain, and the apparition of Padre Cali detached from
her body, his face warped under the "sunlight."

Originally, with the strength of the Exorcism Bullets, it would have
been impossible to expel a Wraith from the victim's body in an instant.
However, Padre Cali was unconscious and unable to react effectively.

Lumian raised his gun, his eyes reflecting the color on the surface of
Padre Cali's Spirit Body. He locked onto the pallor that had become
evident.

*Bang!*

A golden Purifying Bullet, imbued with Cull's power, struck the Wraith's
forehead.

The apparition of Padre Cali froze as he "saw" the bullet shatter on its
own, transforming into balls of golden holy flames that spread
throughout his body, igniting dust and his soul.

The bright, sun-like golden flames swiftly enveloped Padre Cali, causing
him to let out a tragic scream.

This wasn't a Wraith Shriek, but it still made everyone's heads and ears
hurt.

Lumian endured these sensations and calmly said to Amandina,

"Drag him into a dream and inquire about the source of the Dream
Festival."

Padre Cali had already been subjected to Cull and was severely weakened,
teetering on the brink of true death. Amandina could effectively
restrain him!

"But..." Amandina's shoulder and head ached, but she didn't dare
complain when she saw Louis Berry's cold and calm expression.

Lumian turned to Lugano and said, "Treat her gunshot wound."

"Alright." Lugano winced from the pain in his eardrums, but he still
rushed over.

At that moment, Padre Cali, purified by the Cull, instinctively withdrew
from his Wraith state and transformed back into a human to escape the
ongoing damage.

Seeing this, Amandina took a deep breath, clenched her fists, and closed
her eyes.

She and Padre Cali entered the dream at the same time.