---
category: Volume 4
discussion: 2164
index: 688
section: vol4
slug: 688
title: Preparations
---

## Chapter 688: Preparations

As Lumian heard his heartbeat, a palm reached out from the open door of
the black ancient tomb.

The palm showed no signs of decay or yellow bandages. Its surface was
covered in gold, shimmering with a mystical hue under the dim crimson
moonlight.

Upon seeing the golden palm, Lumian felt an invisible force compress his
soul, instantly severing its connection to his body.

Immediately after, he realized his body had transformed into a cold,
solid wall, preventing his spirit from spreading or being controlled by
his consciousness.

At that moment, Lumian's soul felt trapped in a cage, unable to escape.
He could only see limited scenes through his eyes and hear relatively
loud voices with his ears.

Everyone present turned into statues, frozen in place.

Faced with this situation, Lumian suddenly recalled a saying: The body
is a cage for the heart, and the world is a cage for the body.

In the stillness, the only person still moving was "Hisoka" Twanaku.

The golden mask on his face emitted a hazy glow as he swiftly approached
the black ancient tomb and the golden palm extending from it.

Although Lumian couldn't move or use his abilities, his soul was merely
"imprisoned"---it didn't affect his thoughts.

Seeing that "Hisoka" Twanaku was almost unaffected by the golden palm,
Lumian quickly deduced several things.

*There's a high likelihood the gold Hisoka seized from Devise---the gold
mine city---was used on the cold corpse in the black ancient
tomb.*

*The item he obtained from the Nois family's Demon is likely the golden
mask he now wears.*

*The former was an attempt to revive the cold corpse. It's equivalent to
Franca's mention of creating a complete body. The latter ensures Hisoka
can approach the target unaffected after the cold corpse's
"resurrection" and achieve a certain goal.*

*Did Hisoka once plan to use this to control the cold corpse and attain
demigod-level strength?*

*When I killed him in the real world, did the him in the dream attempt
to "resurrect" through this?*

*Yes, Hisoka's Wraith power comes from the same source as the cold
corpse. Perhaps there's a way to make the corpse believe he's its
original spirit and accept his lead...*

*Based on the information I've gathered and what just transpired, humans
who have received the boon of the black ancient tomb and the cold corpse
can open the tomb without waking the corpse. To awaken it, an intruder
must be bestowed with immortality by an invisible figure, ascend to
godhood, and enter the ancient tomb.*

*And intruders will only be attacked by invisible figures without the
Dream Festival's bestowed guides...*

*It's best for an intruder to remain lucid?*

*How did Hisoka know outsiders would participate in the Dream Festival
this year and arrive at the black ancient tomb?*

*He didn't have such a plan to begin with? That's because he didn't know
he was going to die. If he can't complete his plan during this year's
Dream Festival, the dream projection will completely dissipate in the
next few months, causing him to lose his last hope of
revival...*

*The involvement of outsiders was a pleasant surprise for him?*

*No, it's too much of a coincidence. Reaza's rushing over can be
explained by his discovery of me investigating the Dream Festival and
his worry that he wouldn't have a chance to obtain what he wants after
this year. But why did Iveljsta coincidentally come to this primitive
forest to investigate something? Why did two Beyonders who can remain
lucid in the special dream arrive just before the Dream Festival
began?*

*Moreover, why did the Rose School of Thought send someone to Matani in
the last few months of the year to gather detailed day-to-day
information?*

*"Hisoka" Twanaku originally planned to complete his plan during this
year's Dream Festival. He deliberately leaked some information and clues
to attract different factions of interest.*

*The information these factions received wasn't detailed enough. They
had no choice but to dispatch personnel in advance to conduct the
corresponding investigations or bribe members of Matani's patrol
teams...*

*This may very well be the truth, a truth that doesn't rely on
coincidence. The only thing Hisoka didn't anticipate was his demise
before the Dream Festival began.*

*Now, the Dream Festival is his last and only hope for
resurrection.*

*If he fails to achieve his plan, he will die completely after
today!*

*No wonder he's so secretive about Tizamo despite being honest about
everything else in the dream...*

*Hisoka is truly a cunning Devil skilled at manipulating people's
hearts. If he hadn't been bent on killing me and his identity had given
him a good opportunity to choose to stay in Port Pylos, he wouldn't have
been easy to kill. Yes, if I had played by the book and lacked the
goodwill of a high-ranking entity, I might have died at his
hands.*

*The Demon of the Nois family also has designs on the cold corpse in the
black tomb and wants to use the Dream Festival. Therefore, when Hisoka
mentioned the Dream Festival in his dream, he was immediately attacked
by the shadow...*

*Among those present, who is the Demon's minion?*

Or could it be that the Demon from the Nois family hasn't arrived yet
and wants to wait until the end, when the situation is clear, before
taking action and completing the harvest?

If it's just a dream projection, without the main body's cooperation,
there should be a huge loophole in Hisoka's plan. Where is the loophole?

Trapped in his body, Lumian couldn't stop Hisoka. He watched helplessly
as Hisoka ran to the open door of the black ancient tomb.

*Wait...*

*Since the black ancient tomb reminds me of the Samaritan Women's
Spring, I can try that method...*

Lumian acted without hesitation, focusing his attention on his Spirit
Body's right hand.

Alista Tudor's remnant aura didn't just permeate his body!

And the Blood Emperor was closely linked to the Samaritan Women's
Spring!

Wearing a golden mask, Hisoka's body began to etherealize
uncontrollably. Just as he was about to grasp the hand of the corpse
protruding from the black ancient tomb, he suddenly sensed an extremely
terrifying, frenzied, and violent aura appearing behind him. It soared
into the sky explosively, sweeping through the surroundings.

The crimson moon's glow dimmed, and "Hisoka" Twanaku's body
instinctively stiffened, trembling violently.

*Splash!*

An illusory sound of water echoed from the black ancient tomb, and the
golden palm seemed to be dragged back into the tomb by some unknown
force.

The feeling of their souls being imprisoned within their bodies
dissipated. Lumian hurriedly halted the dissipation of the Blood
Emperor's aura.

Although Amandina, Camus, Devajo, and the others instinctively felt
fear, the confinement of their spirits and fixed line of sight prevented
them from discovering the source of the aura that conquered everything.

Ignoring the search for the origin of the terrifying aura, the
fierce-eyed Iveljsta followed his instinctive desire and retrieved an
item from his hidden pocket.

It was a palm-sized rag doll, dressed in a black Gothic dress entwined
with eerie vines. It had long golden hair and blood-red eyes.

The doll was sinister. Just the sight of it made Lumian's flesh crawl
beneath his skin.

*Thud! Thud! Thud!*

The heartbeat in the black ancient tomb intensified, becoming
resounding.

Beside the tomb door, "Hisoka" Twanaku felt a chill run down his spine,
as if targeted by an evil being.

Instinctively, he recalled something.

Years ago, gravekeepers had found a half-withered evil heart near the
black ancient tomb.

The gravekeepers believed that the ancient corpse in the tomb had been
lost due to some mutation. After all, the characteristics of its power
were the same, and the levels seemed similar. Therefore, they placed the
heart back into the tomb.

Just a moment ago, the long-dead heart had begun to beat, but now it
beat stronger and faster!

Not far from Iveljsta, Reaza also made a move.

He produced a mask.

The mask, also made of gold, bore a striking resemblance to the one worn
by Hisoka. Varying shades of white and black paint adorned the eyes and
face!

The difference between the two golden masks was that the one in Reaza's
hand was darker, as if touched by death.

Then, Reaza produced a human skull carved from crystal.

He placed the dark golden mask on the crystal skull's face.

A frigid wind gusted, engulfing the crystal skull in a massive vortex.
The crystal skull, adorned with the golden mask, levitated, as if it had
grown an invisible body made of wind.

An intense coldness spread in all directions, condensing a layer of
frost on the ground.

The man named Devajo reached behind his head and grasped something in
his hair.

With a sudden tug, he ripped off his skin, along with his dark gray
suit.

Devajo took on a different appearance. He had black hair, brown eyes, a
cold expression, and high cheekbones. He was in his thirties or forties,
dressed in a white shirt and black pants.

He flipped the human skin in his hand, revealing dense, dizzying blood
embroidery beneath.

Devajo opened his mouth and spat out mouthfuls of blood, emitting a
strong sulfuric smell.

The blood protruded from the human skin, forming a green-eyed man in a
dark gray suit.

With a playful smile, the "man" approached the black ancient tomb.

Lumian quickly scanned the area, his eyelids twitching three times.

He couldn't help but criticize, *Do you all possess godhood-level powers
that you can utilize? Although they all seem to be one-time use... Are
you bullying me for not having any?*

Despite Lumian's criticism, he quickly recited an honorific name in
ancient Hermes.

It was Madam Magician's honorific name.

However, it failed to penetrate this special and hidden dream.

Lumian wasn't dejected. His goal wasn't the black ancient tomb, nor was
it the cold corpse or its beating heart.

Now that he knew the whereabouts of Hisoka's gold, there was only one
thing he wanted to do.

Eliminate Hisoka's dream projection, take away the golden mask, and let
him perish completely!