---
category: One Shot
discussion: 1466
index: 1432
section: side
slug: 1432
title: Rebellious Teenager
---

## Side Story: Rebellious Teenager 

***Note:*** It was published as an exclusive side story of *Lord of
Mysteries* in the "Taiwanese Physical Book, ***Lord of Mysteries
01: Commission of Gold Pound***" that covers from Web Novel
*Chapter 213: Another Look* to *Chapter 242: Bakerland*.

This is a ***Bullet Point Paraphrasing Summary*** by Windvally, not
the complete translation of the story.

 

Intis Southern Region, The Town of Nosil.

\Another beautiful day is about to beginning.\

Danitz said as he smiled at his friends around him. He is currently
sitting atop metal fences situated near the edge of the town.

\A beautiful day!\

His friends shouted loudly, appearing very energetic.

For teens like them, their clothing isn't exactly the best in quality,
but most definitely trendy, their choices closely resembles the current
tending styles of Trier.

Of course, they were only following, but not matching, because there's a
very big difficulty that's preventing them from doing so - No money!

Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:

-  After goofing with friend for the whole day, Danitz went back to
  him. 
-  His father tried to beat him, but he dodges skillfully, never got
  hit once, and his father is dead tired and angry. 
-  Parents stated he's 16 now and needs to take up responsibilities.
  They talked with the servant head working for the owner of a grape
  farm in the town. Danitz could be an apprentice servant.
  
-  Danitz wants to go to Trier and be rich 
-  The next day Danitz slipped out of home before his parents could
  catch him. 
-  He met up with his friends told him a new group of sailors and a
  bard arrived at the town's local bar. 
-  They went to the bar together. 

 

The town's bar almost have no interior decorations, only the wall was
painted, and a few pictures cut from old magazines and newspapers were
plastered on the wall.

At the bar counter, above the alcohol shelf, hanged the head of a giant
snake, already white and cleaned to the bone.

That empty eye socket, is large enough to swallow the mouth of a normal
adult, causing every drunkard who visits this bar to lower their head
unconsciously when meeting its eyes.

Danitz was no exception.

According to what he knew, this giant snake skull was brought back from
the Southern Continent by this bar's owner. It's that man's souvenir for
remembering many years of adventure.

That's also why, even though this mister is rather quiet and
introverted, no one dares to have greedy thoughts about his bar.

Even if a mafia from the big cities come to this place, when they see
that giant snake skull, that owner's ridiculous and exaggeratedly
muscular arms, legs, and just muscle in general, most would probably
wisely choose to interact peacefully. After all, a small town's bar
isn't exactly that profitable, it's not worth the trouble.

Danitz was always a little disappointed by this.

It's not that he wanted a fellow native to be bullied, but rather he
desired to witness how strong the bar owner is, as someone who used to
work as a mercenary and adventurer on the Southern Continent.

In a way, the owner could be counted as a legendary person of the small
town of Nosil. No competition within the past 30 years at the very
least.

He left this place at a very young age, headed towards the Southern
Continent for adventure. Around his middle age, he returned to his home
town, carrying with him a decent fortune, a body of muscle, and a giant
snake skull. He opened up a bar, married a widow, and had a kid.

He stayed absolutely silent in regards to his nearly 20+ years of
adventurous life on the Southern Continent. No matter who asked, he only
responded with unimportant things to change the subject.

Danitz was very disappointed by this.

However, Danitz once heard from a friend who live close to the bar
owner, that the man will always do one of two things every single night:
He either drink until it's nearly morning before dropping, or fuck his
wife until very very late into the night.

He seemed to be afraid of entering sleep.

If I have a beautiful wife, I will also screw her up and down until late
into the night...Dantiz mumbled to himself in a low voice, while keeping
an eye out for the sailors his friend mentioned.

Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:

-  They mingled and drank with the sailors, acting like kids pretending
  to be mafia adults. 
-  The sailors are friendly, here in town only to stock up on wine and
  fresh water. 
-  They told Danitz and his friend about the life of a secret-treasure
  hunter on the sea. 
-  They told the story of a ship called \[Laurel Flower\.
  ]
-  \[About 100 years ago, Leon Kingdom had a ship called Laurel Flower.
  It was filled with old, jewelry, and valuables they ransacked from the
  Southern Continent. It strayed off course and sank to the bottom at a
  location somewhere in the Berserk Sea and Sonia Sea. Finding it means
  obtaining things that can sell for a couple billion Verl Gold.\
  ]

 

The young adult sailor who's now drunk with a rather red face, looked
around at these teenagers listening to his stories and laughed.

\Just that much money was able to surprise all of you? There are many
more legends on the seas.\

\At a certain location on the Berserk Sea, the treasure of The God of
Death is waiting. It is waiting for a person with a very specific,
special key to open it. And that person? He will become the new God of
Death....On the seas, every single individual is chasing after the
\[Fountain of Youth\, just one single sip from it, will grant a person
eternal youth.Not only will he never growing old ever again, but he will
also become extremely powerful...\]

At this point, the bard who traveled here along with the sailors started
playing his lyre:

\They raised their head and looked at the sky, that fire like cloud
looked like a seas of crimson, wide and glittering.\

\They looked down at the ocean, reflections of light scattered forth, a
round bright moon is rising from the surface of the sea.\

\They walked across flat yet harden surface of sand\

\They walked into caves corroded by years of rain and wind\

\It's like a home delicately designed just for them, there are halls,
gem filled ceilings, and living rooms...\ (Altered from a irl poem)

Bullet Point Summary to Skip some segments:

-  Danitz asked the guy if he can be a treasure hunter too. The guys
  told him to grow more muscle first. And stated pure treasure hunters
  are a rare sight, as most are also pirates on the side.
  
-  Danitz isn't giving up and is angry. When these people are done
  drinking, as soon as they turned around a corner out of Danitz sight,
  he gave them a middle finger and said Dogshit! 
-  As Danitz is about to leave the closing bar, he passed by the bar
  owner who is about to close the front door. The bar owner slowly said
  in a very deep voice: 
-  \[Never go onto the sea.\ ]
-  Danitz was stunned for a second, and looked towards the bar owner
  with unfocused eyes. The bar owner stood still in the dim environment,
  neither his eyes nor his facial expressions were definable in the
  darkness. With a bam, the owner closed the door, blocking Danitz's
  view of him. 
-  Danitz stayed home the next morning, not wanting to meet his
  friends, as he's unsure if his friend heard the sailors rejecting his
  question of becoming a treasure hunter. 
-  For a teenager, saving face, his self-esteem is perhaps even more
  important than his life! 
-  His father was angry, guessing that he probably went to goof at the
  bar yesterday. 
-  His father told him that the sailors was only able to carry part of
  their wine and water cargo with them. The grape farm owner still need
  to send the rest of the goods to Sali Port for the sailors.
  
-  His parents used their connection and some money to get this job for
  Danitz. Knowing that he would use this chance to do what he always
  wanted to do. They love him after all. 
-  His father told Danitz \[Do not die out there.\ ]
-  Dantiz was excited. He's going to have leave right now.
  

 

\He said he doesn't want to come out and see you, because he will get
angry every time he sees you.\

Danitz's mother said while wiping away some tears on the corner of her
eyes.

Danitz cursed that stubborn old man with a few sentence inside his
heart, he hugged his mother, and turned around to walk towards the
waiting caravans.

As the caravans started moving, after traveling about 10-20 meters,
Dantiz turned his head around unconsciously, his old man was standing
next to his mother, not knowing when he already came out.

A bright smile appeared on Danitz's face, he waved his right hand at
them, and shouted silently inside his heart:

\Father, Mother, I will return after becoming rich!\