---
title: "[Flower Golden Resort],  IV"
category: "Chapter 173"
discussion: 173
index: 173
section: "Chapter 173"
slug: "173"
---

# Chapter 173 - [Flower Golden Resort],  IV

The first day of resort operations is proceeding smoothly.

‘Huu.’

Though inside the mascot suit, I was sweating cold bullets.

‘T-There are just too many problem guests.’

To be precise, they’re not just ‘problem guests’, but the sort of terrifying, ominous beings you’d expect to see in a horror movie—one out of every three guests was like that.

*– Please give me Room 404. It absolutely has to be Room 404, and never, ever come looking for me.*

*– Letsburntodeathtogether*

*– There sure are a lot of elevators here… Heeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee.*

And I’m starting to realize that it’s honestly easier when they just make it this obvious.

…Because, gradually, the room service desk is getting flooded with bizarre requests……

Calls that are hung up abruptly, pretending to desperately ask for help and then bursting out in wild laughter when you point out something strange, and bizarre, incomprehensible tales of a religious judgment day that no human could understand.

‘Scary as hell.’

This is just a Neapolitan ghost story hotel.

Save me. I’m going to lose it.

Still, the only consolation is that today is almost over.

***It looks like today’s check-ins will soon be finished.***

***Let’s check the results of the first day’s opening after business ends.***

‘Looks like the theme park is nearing closing time too.’

Except for the night shift, the resort seems to close together with the theme park.

*– Ahahahahaha!!*

Far outside the window, fireworks were going off.

…It seemed like the red zone, the Magic Bunny Zone, had some horrific and fun parade, because I could hear guests gossiping in disappointment about having missed it…

‘That insane red zone, I guess it’s still operating just fine…’

For once, I’m glad mascots can’t leave their own zones……

And I realized something else. A significant number of these problematic guests coming to the resort had spent most of their time in the Magic Bunny Zone.

For example, even now.

*“Excuse me. I don’t have eyes, and if I don’t have eyes, I can’t close my eyes, so I can’t sleep, so there’s no point in renting a room. Give me eyes. Eyes.”*

“Ah, one moment, allow me to check our inventory…”

*“You have some. You have them, don’t you! You’re holding onto them!!”*

“Huhk.”

Get lost!

I barely managed to rescue Jang Heowoon, who was about to have his eyeballs yanked out, and chased that horrifying thing out the front door.

*“Eyes!!! EYES!!”*

That thing, with empty eye sockets blinking all over its body, wailed as it was forced out by a standard mascot’s intimidation.

The employee wearing the harvest mouse mask, working as a cleaner, was hunched up in a corner while half-heartedly sweeping as if wishing he could disappear from this place.

It made sense. If I weren’t wearing the mascot suit, I might have fainted, too…

‘…Can’t I spot them ahead of time and just refuse them entry?’

I wanted to kick all the troublemakers out before they even made it inside.

Three more provisions had already been added to the staff work regulations because of this…

‘Huu.’

As I was considering what method to use during a lull in check-in guests—

A guest burst through the glass door.

“Save me!”

No, maybe it wasn’t a guest.

A Field Exploration Team employee wearing a weasel mask spotted the ladybug-masked employee sitting at the room service call desk and sprinted over, clinging to him desperately.

“A-Assistant Manager! Assistant Manager, please save me. I tried to go out through the gate, but I can’t get out…”

“E-Excuse me? I’m not sure what you mean…”

“No matter what I do, I can’t leave! I can’t go back into the blue zone, either! I was told my ride ticket has already been used! Please save me. Please, please…”

“…I apologize, dear guest!”

The ladybug-masked staff politely disentangled himself and pointed toward the front desk.

“I’m not a concierge, so, if you have questions about the exit, please inquire at the front desk over there.”

“……”

The weasel-masked employee stiffened, creaked as he turned his head, and met my eyes.

*Welcome.*

C o m e   H e r e

*Don’t worry. I’m an ally.*

But the weasel-masked staff tried to turn and run out the glass doors.

No, if you do that, where do you plan to sleep…?

I mean, how did you even make it over here in the first place? Did you cross the gate without getting your ticket stamped?

At that moment.

“…!”

Just then, a guest entering the lobby grabbed hold of the fleeing weasel-masked employee.

…It’s Section Chief Lee Jaheon!

Ah, no, why is the squad leader here instead of leaving!

Dragging the sobbing staff by the scruff of the neck, Section Chief Lee Jaheon strode up to the front desk and looked straight at me before greeting me.

“Hello.”

H i

“May I use this?”

He held out something like a small, rectangular paper badge.

It was a lodging coupon.

‘…??’

W h e r e   D i d   Y o u   G e t   T h a t

“The Blue Dream Waterpark mascot is handing them out as event prizes.”

‘……’

Wow.

‘Why would it do something like that?’

No… More importantly, was it even allowed to do that without permission?

Absentmindedly, I reached for the paperwork hidden under the front desk.

The pen started moving on its own again.

***It seems like the Blue Dream mascot is holding an unauthorized experience-review event. Is this meant to be a welcome gesture?***

***It’s almost an overreach, but since they’re mascots from the same theme park, I decided to let it slide this time.***

Even though there was no such plan.

***It should at least help with publicizing the resort’s opening.***

Is this really necessary…?

***And it seems like that mascot pledged to personally cover the cost of all the lodging coupons issued.***

Haa.

Holding back a sigh, I struggled to keep the pen from moving on its own as I filled out the form.

***I resolved to accept only the price with the insider discount applied, charging even down to the very last coin.***

‘Let’s just maintain a good relationship.’

No matter how you look at it, it’s a gesture of goodwill.

But how do I receive it? I can’t get over to that area myself.

***If you go near the gate that leads to the Blue Dream Waterpark zone during park operating hours, you should be able to meet the mascot.***

Thanks for letting me know that.

I stifled another sigh as I finished the paperwork.

As I took the coupon, I met the round, expressionless eyes of the lizard in front of me once again.

No, shouldn’t you be leaving?

W h y   A r e   Y o u   H e r e

“The Blue Dream Waterpark currently has all its other gates closed for maintenance. Only the gate leading to this resort is open.”

What the hell.

‘No wonder there have been so many guests since opening day!’

Why are they sending us all the overflow!

“And anyone who receives an event coupon cannot leave.”

“…!”

“It seems they’re considered to not have used up all their ride tickets.”

Ah.

So they’re saying we haven’t ‘enjoyed the theme park’ enough.

That must be why Squad Leader Lee Jaheon, and the employee he’s dragging, can’t leave either.

‘Hmm.’

W e l c o m e

At any rate, I can’t just let them disappear in a closed theme park after hours.

I took the coupon from the sniffling employee and gladly assigned both Section Chief Lee Jaheon and the weasel-masked staff a deluxe room.

I even had a standard mascot escort them to their room.

‘I’d better assign them to a floor with only quiet guests…’

That includes our employees, too.

Please, let’s hope none of them turn up as corpses the next morning…

“Um, Mr. Mascot.”

Then, during a brief lull in guest check-ins, Jang Heowoon whispered quietly.

“Thank you. For helping…”

I t ’ s   O k a y

Honestly, it’s amazing that even after being forced into an employment contract, he’s still thankful to his employer for a little help.

‘How did you survive in Daydream Inc…’

It was the moment I looked at Jang Heowoon with a hint of pity.

*– ♩♪♬♬~♩♬♬~♩♪♪*

The background music in the theme park changed.

‘…!’

A lively… ending song.

*– See you again next time~*

One by one, the dazzling lights of the theme park, so bright and glorious from the window, began to turn off.

Bit by bit, all across the park.

‘…Business hours are over!’

Theme park operations ground to a stop.

The standard mascots close and lock the lobby’s glass doors.

At that moment.

*“LET US INNNNN!!”*

More than a dozen figures rushed madly at the glass doors and began pounding on them.

…They must be theme park visitors who didn’t make it out in time.

But the lobby doors would not open.

The standard mascots simply waved goodbye to them in the friendly manner of theme park mascots.

Blood began to stain the glass, and those whose hands had been smashed weep loudly, banging or slamming their heads against the doors.

But still, the doors would not open.

And now, the lights of the resort’s streetlamps start going out.

*Tik.*

*Tiktiktiktiktiktiktiktiktiktik.*

The guests outside, staring in terror as the lights go out one by one in the distance, eventually flee somewhere as if being driven away by the darkness.

Where they’re going, I have no idea, either…

‘……’

My heart was pounding.

Meanwhile, the great chandelier in the lobby also went dark.

Only the gentle glow of the gas lamps remained, softly and warmly wrapping the resort lobby.

***Today’s operations have ended.***

‘Huu.’

A cool sigh, a mix of fear and relief, escaped my lips.

‘End of Day 1.’

Either way, I endured.

G o o d   J o b

At my words, the employees collapsed to the floor as if their legs had given out or bowed their heads deeply.

N o w

R e s t   T i m e

*Only the night shift remains. Everyone else, go turn in.*

For the record, I’m the one taking the night shift… It seems mascots don’t need to sleep. *Hiic.*

‘If something happens, this is probably for the best.’

It’s terrifying, but I’ll endure. If I force someone else to do it because I’m scared, the resort could fall into chaos.

I assigned rooms to each employee, their exhaustion plain on their faces.

‘Please get a good rest…’

Please, just put aside any pointless curiosity and sleep.

After sending everyone off, I stayed in the lobby alone for a moment before returning to the administrator’s office.

‘Huu.’

I considered taking off the mascot suit for a second… but I held back, worried that I might lose my mascot status if I did.

And, strangely enough, the suit is starting to feel more and more comfortable.

‘It’s like being wrapped in a down comforter.’

It’s a bit heavy and stuffy, but bearable. In the end, I sat down at my office desk and picked up my pen.

It was time to settle today’s operations.

Day 1 Performance

***Visitors : 78***
***Guests : 45***
***Rooms Used : 27***
***Satisfied Guests : (Tallying)***
***Revenue : Cheerful Coins x51***

Cheerful Coins?

‘Are those the plastic tokens I got as payment?’

I asked a standard mascot to bring the coins to the office.

Sure enough, there were 51.

‘Looks about right.’

And if this is based on a board game… coins like these usually have a use somewhere.

***Should I try buying resort supplies with Cheerful Coins?***

Or.

***Alternatively, it may be possible to upgrade or remodel resort facilities.***

***I decided I’d choose whichever option would help operations the most.***

Hmm.

I crossed my arms. It was a bit awkward, but I managed.

‘…If I want to make this resort safe, I really need to block those problem guests ahead of time.’

So what method would be the most effective?

If I can do some changes to the resort, then it’s actually a simple matter.

‘Just make it so they can’t come in.’

I started adding another item under the existing resort rules.

***2- For the peaceful rest of all guests, all disruptive behavior is prohibited within the resort.***

***All amenities, welcome gifts, and services are provided immediately upon check-in. After that, you can enjoy a dignified and peaceful rest in your room, without disturbance from anyone.***

Strict social distancing!

‘It’s like acting like one of those clothing stores where not soliciting customers is the main selling point.’

With that, I can naturally add this line:

***If you disturb the peaceful rest of other guests, your room stay may be cancelled.***

But this is a resort attached to a theme park.

Saying, ‘You’ve had plenty of fun at the amusement park, so now it’s time to get a good rest,’ is plausible enough… but if I’m not careful, there might be lots of complaints about lack of service or boredom.

I need to pay attention to guest satisfaction too, since adding new facilities and earning more stamps to escape depends on it…

Alright.

***I decided to use Cheerful Coins to purchase the highest quality amenities and welcome gifts.***

***In addition, I’ll replace all the bedding in the guest rooms with the very best.***

I’m going with the ‘freebie meta’.

Facility investment? That’s for mascots who plan to run this place long-term. For a mascot like me, who just wants to milk guest satisfaction as much as possible and bail, it’s irrelevant.

Let’s just spend all the game money!

Hahahaha!

Ha……

Huu.

‘…But where am I supposed to find more staff, seriously.’

Even the people who used coupons to check in today are all going to run away tomorrow unless they’re crazy.

There’s no answer. Ugh.

‘For now, I’ll just focus on picking out supplies…’

And so, the night shift hours passed by.


* * *

Less than an hour before Kim Soleum’s frenzied shopping spree for supplies.

Lee Jaheon took the antique wooden elevator up in Flower Golden Resort and was assigned a room on the third floor.

The standard mascot who’d guided him opened the door for him, then waved a few times in a somewhat friendly manner before politely disappearing.

And so he was left alone in the room.

“……”

As is often the case with hotel-style accommodations, it was a bit narrow, but fitting for a theme park, it was a baroque-style, atmospheric room.

Brass decorations and glass ornaments faintly reflected the dim light.

He passed by the crystal stand lamp and headed for the bed.

On the nightstand was a beautiful information sheet, engraved with golden flowers.

Information Guide for Guest ……Lizard……-nim

***We sincerely welcome you, our valued guest, to Flower Golden Resort, a fantastic place of rest.***

***To help ensure your comfortable and pleasant experience, we have prepared a simple resort information guide.***

***We hope you enjoy all the delights this resort has to offer.***

Beneath that was item number 1, which could be summed up as a request to be polite and respectful. And then…

Lee Jaheon’s gaze drifted downward.

…On the information sheet, a second item was being added in real time.

***2- For the peaceful rest of all guests, all disruptive behavior is prohibited within the resort.***

“……”

And at that moment.

*Knock, knock, knock.*

Someone knocked on the door.

Without hesitation, Lee Jaheon set the paper down and walked to the door.

The knocking didn’t stop, coming more and more rapidly…

*Knock, knock, knock…*

*Click!*

He opened the door without a second thought.

If Kim Soleum was here to witness it, he might have torn all his hair out, wondering if he should have included ‘ignore all requests to open the door’ as a rule, but Lee Jaheon was unperturbed.

And the person standing outside his room was…

“Uh, um, good evening, sir.”

The employee wearing the bison mask.

Jang Heowoon.

Though his shift was over and he’d changed out of his uniform and back into a suit, the gold bowtie was still tucked into the breast pocket of his jacket.

He glanced nervously and anxiously down the hallway, but quickly spoke up again.

“Sorry for the sudden visit, Section Chief. The reason I came is…”

With a look of determination, he raised his head.

“Would you consider working at this resort? …We need more staff.”

Lee Jaheon stared at him with his vertical pupils.


* * *

The next morning.

“I’d like to work at this resort.”

“…?!”

The yellow mascot, who had been carrying welcome gifts, dropped them all onto the floor with a crash!
