---
title: Special Division
category: Part 2
discussion: 212
index: 212
section: Chapter 212
slug: 212
---

# Chapter 212 - Special Division

A familiar name.

Someone I already knew.

For a moment, it felt as if something inside me was surging up again...

But I did not react.

"Mr. Employee?"

Because I knew it would be unwise to reveal anything here.

......

'Why is that?'

Suddenly, a strange sensation began to form in my mind.

It felt like dragging up an anchor from the depths of the ocean by force.

With my previous sensations lost, my scrambled brain and consciousness struggled to think as before.

'Jang Heoun...'

Dead.

The image of the corpse collapsed on the floor of a room in a resort.

But... Right...... As a resort staff member, he was reconstructed in a contaminated state, and Jang Heoun was brought back.

And I...

'I handed over the Wish Ticket.'

If the Wish Ticket really did successfully reach Jang Heoun, and that's why he survived.

If I was now seeing him live as a human being again.

'......'

My broken mind reached a conclusion.

I very slowly realized that what I was feeling was relief.

A direct emotion felt for the first time in far too long, it was almost like a dull ache.

"How did you feel hearing those names? Lee Jungin, Park Yonghae...... Jang Heoun."

And the judgment, painfully pieced together, that letting the notorious researcher in front of me know about this would never be a wise decision.

"How is it?"

I stared at him in silence.

Kwak Jekang's expression, so full of expectation, finally soured as my silence dragged on.

"Once again, 'no response', huh. I guess the memories of the sacrificial medium we used as an intermediary are meaningless... Haha, sorry about that. But as a scientist, I just have to ask these things, you know? Hahaha!"

Kwak Jekang gave an awkward little laugh, then muttered to himself as if carelessly.

"Still, I got to see something interesting today, Mr. Employee. You've acted just like a machine with no reactions for half a year now..."

......

Half a year?

"I hear if you have a fun event like this every six months, it keeps you from wanting to quit. Isn't that right?"

I realized it.

It had been no less than half a year since I'd been shut away here on Basement Floor 13.

No. Had it really already been half a year?

"Eeyah~ It must have been fun. Three-person teams of obvious new hires... exploring the annex basements, with your help...!"

Kwak Jekang pressed on, subtle and persistent.

"Didn't you feel any déjà vu? Seeing that scene, did any similar work or experience come to mind..."

Silence.

"Did you feel any sympathy?"

Silence.

"Goodness me, you really are the silent type. But then...... Why exactly did you help them?"

......

"Your assigned work area is clearly Basement Floor 13, after all. Well, I understand you used a loophole by not leaving the elevator, but still..."

Kwak Jekang's eyes glittered with excitement.

"What was your reason for going so far to help?"

......

"Was it just because you 'felt like it'? Or out of a sense of duty to save people?"

......

"Haha, silence is a meaningful answer too. Or is it due to confusion? I wonder if similar results would appear even with just a slight change in variables... hmm?"

I raised my hand and pointed to Room 666.

More precisely, to the old-fashioned TV in the ceiling corner.

Where the employee training video played.

"...Oh."

And I formed a sentence with smoke.

$s *Work Rule #17 : Cooperate with your fellow employees.* s$

A line from the training video.

Kwak Jekang recognized it immediately, even the font.

"Aha, I see!"

The sound of the researcher hurriedly scribbling on a tablet PC filled the air.

"So it's because of the training video. That's... Haha, goodness. Well, shall I say gentle, or generous, or perhaps that rules and order are important keywords! I understand, Special Division Employee... Haha, yes, I get it."

Then his pen stopped, and his voice became subtle.

"But you know, it was a bit pointless, wasn't it? The participants you helped..."

He raised both hands in a mock surprise gesture.

"Weren't actually fellow employees. Haha!"

......

I know.

"They weren't new hires. They were just test subjects!"

From the start, this wasn't even a real orientation for the Field Exploration Team.

It was a research experiment project inspired by the format, with the same name.

+-
\**Experiment Name : New Employee Orientation**
-+

They were not real new employees.

Strictly speaking, they were people who had applied for entry-level positions but, for various reasons, failed the hiring process.

But the company sent them emails as if they'd passed, deceiving them.

The reason being...

"They were basically just temps recruited as samples for the experiment!"

Supplementing the civilian exploration records.

+$
**Planned in order to collect significant additional data from Darknesses in cases lacking precedent of exploration by ordinary people with no prior knowledge.**

**From among the unsuccessful applicants, those whose aptitudes matched were selected and put through a simulation in a form similar to the orientation given to successful new hires.**
$+

It's difficult for the company to arbitrarily release the Darknesses under its jurisdiction to the civilian sector.

Therefore, the company's records of exploration are built up by the Field Exploration Team, experts in Darkness exploration.

There was, at least, the orientation program where new employees, those closest to being civilians, were exposed to Darkness. But even then, only those Darknesses that could be used to test the employees' skills were selected.

That's why one researcher came up with a brilliant idea.

-- Let's recycle the applicants!

There was no need to separately recruit subjects while avoiding the attention of public authorities, making it a particularly convenient time to secure experimental participants.

Of course, it's not all just a scam.

There is a compensation that is somewhat deceptive.

+$
**Any unsuccessful applicant who successfully completes the mission in this experiment can be specially recruited into the Field Exploration Team as a regular employee.**
$+

Thus, the company's official justification is as follows.

'Let's generate additional successful candidates and give them a chance to join the company.'

So, in other words...

"Well, you may end up meeting them again later as colleagues, but..."

Anyone who survives by completing the 'mission' in this experiment is given an opportunity to join the company, so in a sense, it essentially becomes an orientation after all.

And I know.

'Jang Heoun' passed.

......

But was it really Jang Heoun?

"Hmm. Would you like to meet again?"

I tried to recall the faces of the three new employees I met earlier.

I can't remember. They were melting mosaics.

"Do you prefer a certain age or gender in a coworker?"

I don't remember their voices, either. They sounded like a low-quality radio.

"Do you have a preference for a corpse?"

I turned to Kwak Jekang.

"No preference? Not even one? Really?"

......

I raised my hand.

As the smoke moved, Kwak Jekang's face brightened.

"That's right! Using words to communicate like this---"

$s *Warning 1* s$

$s *Reason : Request for work outside of working hours* s$

$s *Cumulative warnings : 1 / Strikes left until disciplinary action : 2* s$

"...Ah."

From Room 666, an announcement began to play in my head.

The signal for the end of my shift.

***-- Your work shift has ended. Please return immediately. Your work shift has ended. Please return immediately...***

"No, but this interview is more like a casual---"

$s *Warning 2* s$

$s *Reason : Request for work outside of working hours* s$

......

$s *Cumulative warnings : 2 / Strikes left until disciplinary action : 1* s$

Smoke began to rise at my feet.

Kwak Jekang fell silent. I could see the tense shoulder muscles of the nearby Guard Team members.

Though I couldn't see it, I could sense the barrier set up between me and Kwak Jekang for safety...

However, on Basement Floor 13, my assigned security area, I know I could ignore that and discipline this researcher if I so choose.

I know.

"...Haha! Right. Of course, contractually guaranteed break time must be observed! I agree, wholeheartedly."

Through the melting mosaic, I seemed to see Kwak Jekang's sly smile.

It was the poise of an experienced researcher of Darknesses.

Knowing the right timing.

"I wish you a pleasant rest. ...We've got plenty of time!"

But there's no real sense of regret in his voice.

From the center of the Guard Team, with a cheerful wave and picking up his handwritten interview notes, Kwak Jekang smiled.

"I am your assigned researcher, after all."

......

"I'll do my best to help you from now on. For a long, long time... I look forward to working with you. Hahaha... Even at your new post."

Some time later.

I opened my eyes in a different place, not in Basement Floor 13 of the annex.

A new work site.

~~~

Filled with excitement all the way to the top of his head, Kwak Jekang typed away.

Recording the results of the experiment was a true delight.

Especially in a case like this, where so many test subjects produced unprecedented outcomes through complex interactions!

"Hahaha, to think this was possible. Just how in the world did anyone manage to make a contract with something like this..."

Kwak Jekang stared into his PC, his eyes still spinning with laughter.

On the screen was a neatly transcribed version of the field notes he'd written, a summary of the experimental record.

!-
New Employee Orientation -- 21st Attempt

There are documented cases of interactions between orientation participants and the Guard Team officers in charge, or the 'Special Division Employees' on each basement floor of the annex.

And, without question, the longest entry of all was this.

2.2.1 Security Officer of Basement Floor 13 (hereafter referred to as 130666)
-!

"To think we could actually meet..."

Ever since Director Cheong first said he would be assigning him 'special tasks', he'd been quietly hopeful.

But for it to actually appear!

Kwak Jekang recalled the employee who had interrogated him, that bizarre figure with horns, a gas lamp, and swirling smoke.

That strange being, summoned into the vessel of the Field Exploration Team's fastest-promoted member.

Of course, compared to that time, the being he met again now seemed somewhat mechanical and bound...

But isn't it only natural to be curious as to why it turned out that way!

'Did side effects manifest or something?'

It was truly fascinating!

All the more so as he analyzed the tendencies observed in this experiment.

He couldn't help but read over the notes he had written for himself.

!-
\This entity, while serving as the security officer for Basement Floor 13 for a period of 179 days, strictly complied with all labor regulations. No noncooperative or aggressive anomalous cases, which are commonly observed in Special Division entities, were recorded during this period.

However, in the recent experiment, the entity identified an irregular loophole in the regulations and boarded an elevator that had stopped within its designated security zone, accompanying experimental subjects who had entered the area. The entity displayed a tendency to facilitate the survival of multiple experimental subjects.**

Here's the thing, though.

**This behavioral tendency is similar to the Dream Essence collection trait exhibited by the employee's body prior to death, which was used in the employment contract process for 130666.

Indirect influence of the self is suspected, and further experiments are requested.
-!

"This is 100% going to be censored."

He figured that either it would be marked as a researcher's personal opinion or that the content itself would be deleted outright.

Well, the fact that an entire employee was used as a living sacrifice in the Special Division security contract isn't really that surprising, but the identity is a problem.

"Would they really want to reveal that it was *that* elite employee with the fastest promotion record?"

They'd rather not be specific.

Especially if, without ever being told, some crazy Research Team member managed to figure it out on his own...

Shrugging as he typed even faster, Kwak Jekang thought back to that interesting employee... Kim Soleum.

Because the next part was even more interesting!

!-
Anomalous Aggression of 130666

: When exposed to the entity's smoke (hereafter referred to as 130666-1), humanoid 'Darkness' entities are transformed into corpses.

No signs of life are detected. Analysis of blood and cell samples confirms these are human corpses at the initial stage of decomposition.

CCTV footage of the elevator during activation of this ability by 130666 intermittently shows the entire elevator covered by 130666, exhibiting a phenomenon similar to a supernatural phenomenon.
-!

He hummed as he recalled the Guard Team staff in the annex basement who were turned into corpses.

They were slowly being restored to Darknesses, but as if suffering from aftereffects, they were going through a confusing and bizarre state of transformation.

Guard Team members sometimes showed unusual reactions just by being near them, as if contamination was flaring up.

Kwak Jekang grinned.

"They really are interesting fellows."

......So.

Of course, an interesting idea occurred to him.

!-
\No additional significant risk factors have been identified. 130666 consistently resumes the form of an employee before exiting the elevator.
-!

Therefore!

!-
\Thus, the entity is certified as being in a state suitable for official duty within the Special Division.
-!

"Hahaha!"

However.

!-
\Dedicated personnel will be assigned to prevent unexpected incidents and fatal safety accidents.
-!

Kwak Jekang was beyond thrilled.

This had already been approved by higher-ups.

And... with personnel especially chosen by himself.

!-
\Safety Supervisor : Security Management Department, Guard Team Unit 3 Leader (alias J3, real name ■■■)

Control Support : Security Management Department, Special Management Team Member (alias Badger, real name Park Minseong)
-!

And so.

"......Ah."

130666 will meet two Security Team staff members at its newly assigned worksite.
