---
title: "Chapter 4"
category: "book"
index: 3
section: "Chapter 4"
slug: "4"
---

# Chapter 4

“Huh?”

Several of the judges began to talk in whispers.

“T-Holic?”

T-Holic, a famous boyband that won the Daesang award for three consecutive years, went on hiatus a few years ago. It was because of the unavoidable situation in which the majority of the members were enlisting in the military. (t/n \: The Daesang award is one of the highest achievements a group or artist can achieve)

So instead, the agency pushed for the solo career of the youngest main vocalist, who has yet to be drafted. It was a mini-album featuring a great title song with a strong chorus.

However, time has revealed that the true value of this album was not the title track, but the sidetrack.

Surprisingly, it climbed to #3 on the music charts.

The wave, which began with a recommendation post from a popular female solo singer, grew into a small wave after passing through various entertainment shows.

The side track is 〈PARTY IN ME〉.

The easy-listening song, which blends the rich band sound with sophisticated synths, was performed at a lot of college festivals that year and finally landed in the top 100.

And what’s flowing in the studio right now is certainly the prelude.

It was an iconic intro accompaniment with a unique accordion-style chorus melody.

Of course, it was a masterpiece. If this song is performed well, it will leave a strong impression.

So that was even weirder.

‘This… How can you choose a song without knowing what it is?’

This is because the song’s position is very vague.

It’s not a representative song of a famous idol’s prime time, nor is it a famous song by an established singer either.

Therefore, whether in idol survival or singer survival, it was not a song that could be remembered and chosen on the first evaluation.

This is because the song missed the point in both categories.

Besides, the song had been popular for some time at this point.

And when she didn’t choose a song specifically for him since she thought an obvious song would come out, something like this happened.

Of course, the production team was able to check the sound source submitted by the participants in advance. However, there were 77 participants.

The problem was that it was not worth the time to replace the songs one by one.

‘It’s difficult to compare and edit these vague songs—.’

The Writer hit her pen dissatisfiedly.

Even the judges, who were surprised by the song’s selection, were waiting for the prelude to end with a slightly casual attitude.

And Park Moondae opened his mouth.

I remember the ‘me’ I used to know

Beyond the shining and dazzling seasons

Until the days of tiredness and weakness

Even at the end of the endless days

The thing that captures the broken me, oh—.

Only me

Yeah, It’s me

“…!”

It’s good.

It was clean from the first verse, which started offbeat and continued as if reciting.

Many people don’t know about it because it sounds good to the ear, but it was simple to sing this song because it missed all the delicate beats.

It means to sound amateurish.

However, this participant was meticulously putting the smallest melodies into each complex beat.

‘Dan, Da-dan–, Ddan, Dan, Da-an–, Da-dan.’

“…!”

One of the judges was surprised after unintentionally hitting the table. It entered at the exact right time.

In this way, even ordinary viewers who don’t know the details of the half-beats get the impression that he’s singing well because it is sung perfectly to suit the accompaniment. (t/n \: Accompaniment (伴奏) is to play another instrument next to a song or instrumental music.)

Besides—.

‘The vocalization… is good?’

The vocalization was remarkably good. It’s not just sonorous, but it also has a good and solid tone.

‘Was he like this at karaoke?’

The Writer recalled the song she heard when she first met, but it didn’t seem to be this much. He would have received more interviews if he had sung it like this when she invited him. And she’ll take a look at the song choices.

‘Then, did you get this much better in 10 days?’

Regardless of how perplexed the Writer was, the song went through the verse and entered the pre-chorus.

That’s why, I

I have to memorialize myself

I must never forget again

Now, remember

Until now

Even though the sound was rising like an escalator, it never became flat. There was no part where breathing was unnatural.

At this point, the Writer also noticed something else—for example, the judges’ surprised faces.

I’ve always lived today

With an amazing miracle

Don’t forget. Don’t erase

So congratulations

Memorialize this moment

That’s the party in me

As if every day is a PARTY, Ooh-let’s PARTY

The high notes stretch out. It doesn’t even look too much. It is easy and clean, as if there’s only one octave left for him to hit.

He sang it like he was talking instead of shouting, which was a perfect technique for the song that needed to be heard beautifully.

Now, the Writer just wants to laugh more.

‘Yeah, that’s great… He has a main vocal feeling… Still, we lacked a vocal position, but wow, isn’t that a good thing? I have a really great eye. I can’t believe this kind of thing rolled in even if I cast him on the street.’

The second verse came out again.

The melody was the same as in the first verse, but Park Moondae quickly learned how to deal with the different beats.

After passing the bridge, the voice rose naturally from the last chorus to the transition.

A high-pitched sound that thrills the back of the neck gives a pleasant sensation. It wasn’t excessive, but it also wasn’t rushed; it was a wonderful climax.

And as if talking again, the song ended with the first bar of the verse.

…*I remember the ‘me’ I used to know*

The participant sings beautifully till the very last note.

Park Moondae bowed his head as soon as the music ended. Then he adds his words, a little blankly.

“…Thank you for listening.”

There was a brief silence. The Writer gripped her pen tightly.

‘Yeah, let’s keep it instead of throw it away.’

The judges excitedly picked up the microphone as she changed Park Moondae’s position.

“Wow, Moondae-ssi!”

“Yes.”

“You know you did a good job, right!!?”

“…I practiced hard to sing well.”

The other judges then quickly added.

“No, you’re just born with it. You have a talent.”

He was a choreographer known for his straightforwardness. He smiles to the point that his eyes narrow as if he likes it.

Because it’s a broadcast, there may be some exaggerated words on purpose, but he wasn’t the type of person to say things he didn’t like.

Park Moondae bowed his head, screaming with happiness inwardly.

The judges continued to shower him with praise.

Mudie, a female solo singer who appeared as a vocal coach, praised him with shining eyes in particular.

“First of all, your voice is very refreshing. And I can hear it better because you have good vocalization.”

“I know, right? It’s like someone talking right next to your ear—”

“Right, that’s right.”

Their voices of agreement are overwhelming. Mudie then nodded and continued in a quick voice.

“Again, I don’t think your voice suits the genre well, but this is an extremely important part for an idol, you know? You don’t have any bad singing habits, and I’m looking forward to the future. Really.”

“Thank you.”

“Moondae-ssi, you’ve never joined an agency before, right? You said you don’t have any experience before, but looking at it here, you really don’t have a lot of experience.”

“Yes. Not yet…”

Then a young male judge comes in. He’s a famous boy group member that lost two members during the contract renewal time.

“Then did you never take any special lessons?”

“Yes.”

“Not at all? In the academy?”

Park Moondae silently shook his head.

The judge who asked the question was impressed with a somewhat doubtful expression. Mudie then smiled brightly and opened her mouth once again.

“Yeah, it might be better to wait for the best one than to just do it with a random entertainment company. I’m sure the offer will come from a good place! “

“Thank you for your kind words.”

The Writer suddenly remembered that Mudie’s agency was preparing to launch a male idol.

‘Now that I think about it, she had a share in her entertainment company.’

And she looked at the participant, who was still politely nodding his head, but it looked like she didn’t get any amazing impression.

Then, when she saw the judges’ seats, which were covered with praise, she was overwhelmed with a strange feeling.

It’s like… something had shattered.

Obviously, finding talented participants for the broadcast would have been advantageous, but she feels unpleasant.

After seeing Park Moondae’s hand microphone while resting her chin on her hand, the Writer immediately remembered.

‘He didn’t dance properly after all!’

Of course, Park Moondae also did the same choreography.

However, because this song wasn’t made for a promotion, the movement was limited to simple dance moves.

When the dancers surrounding them performed the proper choreography, their hands were set to stretch out in time with the beat and move their legs a few times.

However, the original stage, which included dancers, stayed in people’s minds as an afterimage.

The dancers surrounding him can be filled in at random with the thought, “Because that’s how it was on the original stage,” and moving on is easy even with those poor hand and foot movements.

Especially if the person sings really well!

Furthermore, because he did a conceptual song of a top tier idol, he can avoid questions like “Is it true that Moondae-ssi wants to be an idol?” relying almost entirely on his vocal skills.

In the end, it was the best option that could have been chosen in Park Moondae’s situation.

‘It’s more than just having a good sense; he’s got more experience—’

The Writer felt tricked in some way and looked through Park Moondae with dissatisfied eyes.

And, as if reading the Writer’s mind, a judge who had been silently watching the other judges’ positive comments lifted the microphone.

She was Youngrin of ‘SaintU,’ a female idol group that achieved success with a fancam showing her doing acrobatics while smiling during the rainy season when she was unknown.

“Right now, the choreography you did wasn’t really difficult; can we see more of your dance?”

The Writer wanted to clap.

* * *

‘It’s done.’

It was useful to focus on the level-up by only singing this song till I got tired of it these days.

Because I spent all of my points on improving my vocal abilities, the ‘Vocal’ in my current status window has now changed to an A-.

It was a natural choice. First of all, a singer who can’t sing in Korea, as well as idols, will be out.

If you can’t dance, you can cover it with practice, but if you can’t sing, the trace will show when you play the pre-recording.

Furthermore, there were usually fewer aspiring main vocalists than aspiring main dancers in the pool of aspiring idols.

So, if the position of the main vocalist is imprinted from the start, the chances of getting a position in the debut group are also increased.

Next is how the evaluation songs are selected.

I think my approach was correct, as there was much less negative feedback.

In other words, it is a filtering method that predicts the criticism that the judges will throw at me based on my weaknesses, and then removes all songs that could provoke a response from the judges.

‘What’s wrong with your dance?’

– Remove any songs that include full choreography.

‘You don’t even dance?’

– Remove ballads.

‘You sing well. But you don’t exude an idol-like aura?’

– Remove everything from the list except for idol songs.

‘Wasn’t it too much for you to sing this song by yourself?’

– Remove all of the songs that had three or more people sing them since I can’t rearrange them and take that risk.

‘You’ll be compared to the original singer at every opportunity!’

– Removed all songs that were released in the last three years.

And from the remaining songs, I choose the one with the best music chart record.

Hmm, it was a good strategy, now that I think about it.

But there was at least one person who didn’t get swept away by the atmosphere when I thought I could get away with it as it is right now.

Then I made eye contact with the judge holding the microphone.

That was a face I knew.

She was the first idol who made me realize that filming an idol may be profitable. Thanks to her, I was able to pay for the first and second semesters of tuition.

‘Since she gained the reputation of being a hard worker with that acrobatic fancam, it seemed to be a win-win situation.’

However, I don’t think it’s a good idea for us to meet at this moment.

“I understand you haven’t received any formal training. But since this is the first evaluation, shouldn’t we at least check the basic status? If you participated in an audition program, I think you would have prepared at least one song.”

It’s crazy to say, ‘I didn’t prepare anything’ here. It could be said that it’s better to remain silent than to say anything like that.

“Yes. Then is this song possible?”

One of the staff quickly came closer to the stage and beckoned to me. I approached him and said the song I had in mind.

After that, the camera follows and even shoots the staff who are flinching in response.

Looking at this, I think I can avoid full editing. It’s worth the effort.

And immediately, a cheerful accompaniment filled the set.

“…!?”
