---
title: "Chapter 17"
category: "book"
index: 16
section: "Chapter 17"
slug: "17"
---

# Chapter 17

t/n \: (Hello everyone, I will change Big Sejin to Keun Sejin for the nickname since it sounds better for a nickname, but I will still use Big Sejin depending on the situation. Thank you!)

Of course, it would be an important talent to be noticed in the entertainment industry because there were many cases where a brief moment on stage changed one’s career.

However, from the title to the content, I couldn’t get rid of the impression that this characteristic was only for the attention-seeker.

Even the exact growth rate is not mentioned; it just says *‘a little more.’*

“Can they use this vague expression in the status window?”

Is that why it’s a D-class characteristic?

But there was no miracle such a status window responded to my complaints.

I finally accepted the reality.

Yeah. The characteristics that received attention—okay. If it helped me get debuted, that would be great.

Drrrt!

As soon as I closed the status window, the smartphone vibrated. I checked right away to see if it was someone from the production team.

But it wasn’t.

“What the hell?”

It was Messenger Talk.

[Lee Sejin(Keun)\: Moondae Moondae, don’t you check the group chat? ㅋㅋㅋㅋ]

[Lee Sejin(Keun)\: You didn’t even read and ignore it, you’re so cold Moondae-ya.]

“…”

I should have also turned off my personal messenger, but I didn’t think of it. Unfortunately, I couldn’t ignore the messages I’d already read when we were still going to meet in the future, so I had no choice but to send a reply.

[Me\: I don’t usually look at my phone. Sorry]

[Lee Sejin(Keun)\: Ey, why are you apologizing for? It’s embarrassingㅎㅎ]

[Lee Sejin(Keun)\: Please check the group chat soon!]

Is there any special news?

I checked the group messenger room. In the group chat with the teammates from the last team match, there were over 500 new messages.

Of course, I had no intention of reading them all. So I scrolled down and checked only the last conversation.

The team members were captured and shared comments from the last stage.

It seemed like their social life was passing by since they were using the expression *‘They said everyone on this team is handsome~’* and saying that Older and Younger Brother are handsome.

[Lee Sejin(Keun)\: That’s right, now that I think about it, every time I look at Moondae’s face on TV, his face gets more handsome. ㅎ]

[Lee Sejin (Keun)\: For the sake of our friendship, please share the dermatologist with us.]

This is because of level up, you punk.

Of course, I couldn’t say that, so I just told him I didn’t go to any.

This guy who used a word like *‘confirmation demand’ *just to ask about the dermatologist—.

Is it just my feeling? But I feel very tired.

At that moment, the vibration rang out again.

[Seon Ahyun\: Moondae-ya, how are you? Thank you for always treating me well even in the first team match. I will definitely repay you next time— (See more)]

He posted a long message in the group chat.

Then at the same time, no one posts a message suddenly.

It was unbearably quiet.

“…”

After a short reply for human reasons, I put the data right away.

When we meet at the next shoot— I have to say that I can’t see Messenger Talk because I don’t have wifi at home.

There were still five days left until the next filming, the production presentation.

* * *

Production presentation. A promotional event was held before the first episode aired.

In fact, the 77 participants had little to do as individuals. All we have to do is sing 〈It’s Me〉 and take a few pictures of ourselves.

Of course, it was important that *‘the photo gets taken’* here.

This is because it has already been proven photos taken at the production presentation may play a big role in predicting the early stage voter turnout.

‘Thanks to it, I got paid for taking some pictures.’

First of all, it’s not just taking a picture but also a request to edit it, so the pay is pretty good.

Anyway, if I had to express my feelings standing at such a production presentation—it was like that.

‘They’re all faces I’ve seen before.’

The faces holding out their cameras from behind the reporters were familiar.

Let’s analyze it a bit— let’s see, first of all, I saw guys selling data one by one on the opposite side.

Except for that, most of them were fans of existing idols. Their purpose of searching for a new idol is half; half of it is just to have fun.

For that reason, it seemed like there weren’t many people who took pictures with just one person in them.

After taking three or four participants in one shot, I saw that the lens was moving slightly, as if they were cropping each one of them.

Anyway, there were more people than I thought.

Slowly, it seems that the atmosphere that this program will succeed by making the controversy a hot topic is being created subtly.

‘Unfortunately, I can’t get out of B even if I spend my remaining points on Park Moondae’s appearance.’

Maybe the appearance stat will take the benefits of the production presentation, like an A- or higher, so I have to work hard for the 〈It’s Me〉 performance.

‘As expected, is the face the trend—?’

Another brief regret that I should have tried to increase my appearance stats comes again.

“We’ll start after the reporters enter!”

The staff shouted for us to wait as we lined up on the outdoor lawn, just as we had rehearsed at dawn.

Someone spoke to me as I was relaxing my feet between the interludes.

“I saw your performance.”

“What?”

It was Cha Eugene who was standing in front of the diagonal line. If I remember it correctly, he is the participant who will take first place this season.

‘But why are you talking out of context?’

I remembered that moment. It was like this last time.

Perhaps it was during the filming of the 〈It’s Me〉 broadcast stage, Cha Eugene asked whether I couldn’t dance, and I replied that he should judge by looking at my performance.

Don’t tell me, is this staged story an extension of that conversation?

Due to the timing, it’s likely to be the first team match if we talk about the stage between the participants now.

If that’s the case, I’ll just have to admit it. I did a good job thinking about it. But it was still out of the blue.

It’s not even a boy’s manhwa—. Did he feel a sense of rivalry?

And even more unexpectedly, Cha Eugene raised his thumb.

“You did a great job!”

“Ah, thank you.”

“Let’s team up next time.”

“It would be nice if possible.”

No matter what this guy thinks, it’s really good to be together.

I said okay without asking or arguing because I don’t have to worry about it even if it’s only an empty word.

The conversation with Cha Eugene ended there.

“D, do you—want to eat this?”

“Yeah, thank you.”

“Huh! Ahyun-nim, don’t you have anything for me?”

“Wow, it seems that Keun Sejin can’t even feed himself now that he’s no longer the leader.”

“H, here.”

I took jelly from Seon Ahyun, who was close to me, chewed it, and then finished warming up my feet.

The staff gave a signal when I was listening to the former Gold team members chatting.

“Get ready~~”

The tiring prelude came out just like it did during the first week of filming.

Anyway, this stage will be uploaded on WeTube, so let’s not make any mistakes with the choreography.

* * *

I heard someone shouting at me as soon as I finished the stage of 〈It’s Me〉 and left.

“Moondae-ya!”

Were they calling Park Moondae?

I turned around to see who it was, and it was one of the people with cameras.

When I turned around, the woman in the hoodie constantly pressed the camera’s shutter button.

—Is she only taking a picture of me? The woman shouted again as I unconsciously pointed my hand to my face.

“Moondae-ya! Heart please!”

“…”

I never thought the day would come when I heard those words.

But the opportunity was an opportunity, so I made a heart with my fingers and lifted it.

It’s a little… embarrassing.

“Poke your cheek! Poke your cheek too!”

From the side, Seon Ahyun is trying to sneak out to the other side.

He seems to have already been bothered by a camera calling him before the stage.

I glanced at him.

‘You do it too.’

Even if just one person joined me, it would be less embarrassing.

Whether he got the signal properly or not, Seon Ahyun creaked and came back. Then Keun Sejin came between them.

“What are you two doing? Ah, a picture~”

He put up his spoon really well.

I don’t like it when people put their arms on other people’s shoulders, but since there was a camera, I decided to let it go.

And then, all of a sudden, the three of us put our arms around each other’s shoulders and took a picture.

‘In the end, the three of us are taking pictures even before the first episode.’

It’s been a while since we opened up the group messenger room.

It was a bit uncomfortable, but the water had already spilled from the first team match, so I decided not to avoid it.

Anyway, I could see the face of a woman who hardly took her eyes off the camera, as if she had gotten a good shot.

Oh—.

She was the one that bought some data from me.

When the schedule made it hard to shoot an event directly, many homepage masters bought it, edited it, and uploaded it as if it was taken by themselves.

Yeah, that person was also in demand.

Let’s see, I remember that she was being sarcastic when she said that as a data seller, I have no conscience when I raise the price.

…Still, I’ve never taken a picture of them in their private life, like when they’re leaving an airport.

And if the data didn’t sell, it was shared for free on the fan community or on WeTube.

‘Well… Anyway I have nothing to say even if I get cursed at.’

Even if the company is leaving it alone for business reasons, they are indeed ignoring other people’s right to do business there.

Anyway, I don’t know if that crime is why I didn’t make my debut and will be killed suddenly.

Maybe to understand how an idol feels when they are being photographed.

“Park Moondae is really cute!!”

“…”

Wow… I really can’t get used to it.

Come to think of it, the male idol I was filming was involved in a drunk driving accident at the end of last year.

‘That guy, his position is the main vocalist—’

Maybe because of Park Moondae… I guess that will change.

I felt a strange feeling and waved my hand.

Anyway, the data for the production presentation is precious, so I hope they take it well.

‘It would be better if they upload the photos before Friday.’

Just this Friday, *‘Relisting! Idol Inc.’* started airing for the first broadcast.

* * *

Tnet Headquarters. The editing room located in the corner of the 9th floor was full of office workers who stayed up all night.

Ryu Seorin, who cast Park Moondae, was one of them.

“Seorin-ah, your eyes are red. Have some coffee.”

“I don’t have time. Just give me coffee, please.”

It was her 7th cup today.

All of the faces that were looking at the video data and drinking coffee like it was water were tired.

Ryu Seorin’s former senior sighed.

“Editing the first episode is important.”

“…Yes. You can see the direction of the program.”

What to show and what to cut.

“Yeah, everything needs a story to be fun.”

“It’s fun when people can immerse themselves in it even if they don’t think about it.”

It’s fun to have a narrative in an audition program. And the viewer is interested only when the narrative is easy to see.

This was almost considered a widely-accepted theory.

“Right, so—I’ll think up to the 4th episode and build up to it from the 1st episode.”

“That’s right. The result of the first team match is the end of the episode—we have to catch the flow of the story and capture the characters of the kids.”

Of course. Neither Writer Ryu Seorin nor her former senior had a strong authority to decide that.

‘In the end, it’s important what the main PD thinks.’

She took her hand off the video for a moment.

“Are you going to rest?”

“…I’d like to make a suggestion.”

“Oh, editing?”

“Yes.”

“Well~ That’s fine. Even in season 1… Was it Lee Goyoon? PD Jung accepted what you said about editing the story of that ordinary participant.”

*Should I try?* Ryu Seorin snorted inwardly at her former senior’ words.

‘I did it because I was aiming for good timing.’

This was just the time.

Because of their comradeship, people who were exhausted sometimes forgot their sense of authority.

“This time it’s… well, there’s no one to push for, and it’s a good suggestion.”

“Yes, we just need to think about the ratings.”

Since the last season ended early because of a scandal, there were not many requests from big agencies.

If so, what kind of participants should be shown so that viewers will feel catharsis when the team match is aired?

There were hidden meanings in the playful words. Ryu Seorin shrugged.

“Ey, where do the production crew make all those things? Originally people will be like that. They want to keep liking the kids they like, and they want to keep hating the kids they hate.”

“Hmm.”

Her former senior kept silent when she tied it up with the production crew.

“We’re just making it easier for viewers to immerse themselves in it, well.”

“That’s true.”

Her former senior gently lowered the words. This is because Ryu Seorin definitely had a sense.

So, she changed the subject and did it again as if she knew everything.

“So this time you chose the underdog? That’s because the editor has a lot to touch on.”

“…”

Underdog effect.

Just like David beat Goliath, when the weak beat the strong, it was a thrilling turn of events that made the weak go crazy.

And it was one of the most fun narratives an audition program could show.

Of course, the editor had to do a lot of work to make the right effect happen. Because it has to be well put together.

“Are you going to suggest that kid? You kept looking back.”

“Well… I see it.”

Ryu Seorin split roughly, but in reality, she was positive.

‘No matter what I think… I have to give it to that kid.’

Recalling from the video that she was turning around Ryu Seorin, she has already decided.

“Fighting~”

She responded appropriately to her former senior’ unintentional words and visited the main PD to talk to him.

“Excuse me, PD.”

And she was half sure that the main PD was thinking the same thing as her
