---
title: "Chapter 18"
category: "book"
index: 17
section: "Chapter 18"
slug: "18"
---

# Chapter 18

“Wow, I’m so nervous!”

“It would be nice if we came out a lot.”

The auditorium of the dorm was filled with the voices of the sweaty teenagers.

‘They’re in a good spirit.’

I came to the set at night, wore uncomfortable uniforms, and sat in an uncomfortable iron chair while they were filming.

There are cameras everywhere, so it’s hard for me to show how uncomfortable I am. Was it only me?

Gold 1, 2, and Keun Sejin must have grown tired of talking among themselves, so they came all the way here and put up with it.

“Moondae Hyung-nim, how do you feel about the first episode?”

“Ah~ Are you ready to become a legend in ranking evaluation?”

“It’s amazing! Moondae-ssi!”

“Stop it—”

My life is a legend when I can’t ignore this nonsense, really—.

I want to drink something cold.

‘…Oh, there’s a drink.’

Now that I see, there was an ionized drink under each seat. Seeing that the brand is clearly visible, it seems that the PPL was finally opened.

It wasn’t made by a famous brand, but anyway it was still good. I took a drink and drank it.

And I almost spit it out.

“…”

I can understand why they put the PPL in.

Because it tastes terribly bad.

“Countdown will begin soon! Please shout along from 10!”

A number appeared on the screen of the beam projector in front of me as the logo disappeared at the same time as the sound of the staff shouting.

“10! 9! 8!—”

When the countdown ended and the melody of the theme song 〈It’s Me〉 played, cheers and applause erupted from all over the place.

And that’s how the long-awaited first episode aired.

* * *

The first episode was aired for two hours as a special program.

This means that the participants sat on iron chairs for 120 minutes and didn’t move except for the broadcast reaction.

However, I don’t think the participants were concerned about that.

The important thing is one.

‘How long have I been on the show?’

Of course, there must have been many more disappointed participants.

How was I?

Yeah, once the filming is done, let’s review the contents with the reactions I found on the Internet.

First, the screen showed all kinds of responses from the Internet, like articles criticizing 〈Idol Inc.〉 and the best comments.

And the caption came up.

[A lot of controversies!]

[How did the actual filming of 〈Relisting! Idol Inc.〉 go?]

The viewers reacted the same way as before.

They seem to be continuing to watch the show while cursing.

– I mean, to think you don’t skip that kind of thing and just show it? As expected, the cable class isn’t going anywhere. ㅋㅋ

– I feel like I’m eating Mala-flavored popcorn

– It’s not fun. Show me the kids.

Fortunately, the opening passed quickly, and the first participant appeared.

[Ah~ I’m so nervous!]

‘Oh, Choi Wongil.’

That’s right. The group evaluation to which Choi Wongil belongs appeared first. Choi Wongil received quite a lot of screen time as a typical youngest position.

‘I’m sure the first contestant was someone else.’

After that, the first participant didn’t get any more screen time.

‘He won’t be coming out anymore in the future.’

Overall, it was like that.

It was chosen on its own by the people on the production crew. Some participants didn’t even get the reaction cut properly.

Interestingly, the participants from my previous group received quite a bit of screen time.

Starting with Choi Wongil, the evaluations of Keun Sejin and Gold 1 and 2 were aired before the first part ended.

The feeling was fine. When entering a team match, starting with a good team is good.

‘Of course, the most important thing is that my screen time is long.’

If my evaluation had not been fully edited, it should have been in the first episode in time order.

And fortunately, it came out.

[Next participant, enter now!]

My first screen appearance was at the end of part 1.

It was a strange feeling to see Park Moondae walking up to the stage on the screen. It feels like watching someone imitate what I did.

Keun Sejin and Golds started hitting me in the back, grabbing my shoulders, and shaking them from behind.

They don’t give me any room to think.

“Hey, hey, hey, you’re coming out! Can you see it?”

“…Yeah, it’s me.”

If they shake it more, I won’t be able to see even if I have eyes, so stop it.

Since I can’t say that, I returned the response appropriately and focused on the screen again.

The conversation between the judges was revealed.

[Yes, participants. Please introduce yourself.]

[…My name is Park Moondae. Please take good care of me.]

After Park Moondae’s greeting on stage was over, the interview was inserted immediately. It was a good sign because it showed that it went through editing.

[Q\: Is there anything you want to say?]

[Park Moondae\: No. (silence)]

[Park Moondae\: There’s nothing in particular.]

BGM without laughter and chilling sound effects were a bonus.

“…Uhm.”

Let’s see—it must have answered the question of whether I had any problems with other team members.

How do they bring that up?

The edit made the word ‘positive sign’ disappear in 7 seconds.

‘How cheap.’

The judges’ absurd reactions flowed more exaggeratedly from the screen.

[No, is that all?]

[Yes. I have no experience to introduce.]

As soon as the answer was finished, another interview cut appeared.

[Park Moondae\: (Before this show) I have no experience in the entertainment industry.]

[Q\: Have you received any training?]

[Park Moondae\: I don’t have one.]

They thought I wanted to be X here.

I said it on purpose because I thought they might edit it, but I didn’t know it would be a short answer.

At this time, the Internet reaction was also brutal.

– His answer is so insincere.

– Is that the concept?

– He doesn’t seem to be motivated, so why is an ordinary person like him crawling out here?;;

It will make me so mad if he really can’t do anything.

And all the judges’ absurd whispers on the screen were shown with subtitles.

[Ah, looking at the application form here, there is really nothing.]

[Right.]

The stiff looks of the participants who had previously been judged and the cuts when they whispered to each other came out in an instant. I wonder where that cut came from.

The screen effect was added to make it seem like the judge was about to say something sarcastic.

[Then let’s take a look at your performance]

[Yes.]

On the screen, Park Moondae grabbed the microphone, and the accompaniment flowed out.

[Ding ding! It’s the sound of an ice purifier~]

The came out.

It was an ad in the middle of the show, which is something that only cable shows can do.

“Heol!”

“Hyung, don’t worry too much.”

Exaggerated reactions and worries poured out around me.

“Are you okay?”

‘The guy who hasn’t come out yet is worried about me…?’

I think it’s because of the camera that they get into the atmosphere.

I answered bluntly.

“Well, as long as it’s aired.”

Of course, it was bullshit. No matter what I actually do, it will be done with the editing.

However—.

I laughed inwardly.

‘I don’t think it will kill me at all.’

Since the came in the middle of the evaluation, it was fine to break the flow once.

The short ended quickly, and the prelude flowed again.

By this time, public opinion on the Internet was hitting the ground. (t/n\: 땅을 치다 means regretting and being upset. People often say “땅 치고 후회하다” He bitterly regretted having missed the opportunity.)

– I’m not really curious about it, but there’s even an. ㅋ

– Ah, give the dose to the kids who can do it, not the ones who can’t.

– I don’t want to accept the concept of ordinary people.

– I don’t want to see you anymore because you think you’re really good at survival

The comments stopped for a moment when Park Moondae grabbed the microphone and started singing.

[I remember the ‘me’ I used to know…]

[…!!]

The images of the judges with their eyes wide open and the participants suddenly raising their heads kept coming in without a break.

– ?

– What?

– Huh?

– Why is he good?

– What the hell, he’s good ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

To be honest, I was just as embarrassed as the internet reaction.

‘…I’m good.’

With the editing added, it came out as if some kind of hermit genius appeared in the audition.

Even the vague hand movements that can’t even be called choreography were cut off so well, it looked plausible.

It was a much more favorable edit than I thought.

‘I guessed that they were trying to make it interesting by killing expectations in front and showing the stage well.’

[As if every day is a PARTY, ooh~]

There was even a cut in the second half of the high notes where the judge Mudie covered her mouth.

‘I don’t think that’s from my evaluation?’

Are you going to cut it off in an interview and turn it around like this?

When I felt bitter, people’s opinions on the Internet quickly changed.

– Wow, he’s really good.

– The feeling of wanting to escape from this ordinary people.

– Oh, the high notes are amazing

– His voice is good ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I’m embarassed.

– It’s been a while since I saw someone sing ‘PARTY in ME’ well ㅠㅠㅠ is he Park Moondae? I will buy the stock.

The production crew even saved a brief silence after the song ended.

[Thank you for listening]

[…]

The close-ups of the other participant’s reactions and the silence made for an unnecessary dramatic scene.

The judges’ reactions were also shown quickly, and the choreographer’s words were given large captions as if they were just famous sayings.

[You know you did a good job, right?]

[…I practiced hard to sing well.]

[No, you’re just born with this. You’re talented.]

If there is a problem, it is that my reaction to the words became relatively boring after editing it like that.

And it was probably on purpose.

[Then you’ve never had a special lesson?]

[Yes.]

[Not at all? So, academy too?]

[Yes.]

Because it was like this when looking at the internet reaction.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Yeah, I don’t think he practiced hard.

– Moondae-ya, your answer is soulless.

– There was a time when his soul was singing, where did it go?

The only good thing was that I didn’t think ‘Park Moondae’s response was harsh or that the comments were full of jokes.

Hmm. The strands were barely caught.

‘Tactless— did I get into the character of A My-Pace-Ordinary talented person?’ (T/n \: 마이페이스 means personality that goes out in his or her own way without being swayed by what others say or do. )

There’s a bit of cursing, but it wasn’t a bad start.

No, it was rather good.

I thought I would easily pass the second round with this early recognition, as long as the team match editing didn’t get too crazy after that.

‘If this is the flow, I might be able to wrap the dance appropriately and hand it over.’

With a feeling of hope, the content started to show up on the screen. Finally, it was the content when judge Youngrin asked me to dance.

The reaction on the Internet in this area was ambiguous.

– It looks like he can’t dance.

– Wow they’re making him dance.

– I think it’s going to be solemn ㅠㅠ

– I’m already embarrassed

[Yes. So, is this song possible?]

[Huh…?]

But as soon as Park Moondae showed up and asked for a song right away, and the staff was shocked by what he said, the comments started to get excited again.

– What is it?

– What? What did you request?

– Why are the hands of the staff shaking? ㅋㅋㅋ

– I can’t even imagine what it is.

And when the incredibly lively 〈POP☆CON〉 came out, all the editing and comments went crazy.

[!!!!]

When Park Moondae danced 〈POP☆CON〉 with a serious expression and was cross-edited with subtitles full of exclamation points and the judges spouting water, the atmosphere went to another world.

“…”

“Pfft.”

The voices of the participants, who were laughing all over the place, could be heard.

Sincerely… I was embarrassed.

‘No… I was just trying to make it look like I was working hard even for an easy song.’

It came out like a crazy person who was serious about popcorn.

I was worried that it could become an internet meme like this, but as expected, I had to look at the score to find out.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– What is this, Moondae so cute, though? ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Then he’s so serious about the stage.

– You’re really working hardㅋㅋㅋㅋ

‘The reaction is… good?’

The reaction was better than when I sang. Oh My God.
