---
title: "Chapter 20"
category: "book"
index: 19
section: "Chapter 20"
slug: "20"
---

# Chapter 20

Each of the two gold balls obtained through the treasure hunt contained a note.

[Guitar.]

[Flower Crown.]

“…Ah.”

There’s no answer.

Guitar? I can’t play it.

Flower crown? Maybe the content can be mixed with the appearance stat A grade.

No, even if I put all my points on my appearance, the flower crown wasn’t a good option.

Because it is an item with which I am unfamiliar with.

Both items are objectively high in grade, but to me, they are landmines.

‘I’m going crazy.’

I should exchange it with a note that Keun Sejin or Gold 1 didn’t pick it. If not, probably with other participants.

The moment I was about to turn around, the participants poured into the meeting place.

– There are 20 seconds left~~

“Whoaaa!”

“Hey, wait! Wait!”

When they heard the announcement, it looked like they ran quickly to the meeting place so they wouldn’t lose the ball.

Is it possible to break through that gap and make a trade request?

When I had an uneasy feeling, a familiar face caught my eye.

It was Seon Ahyun, whose face was pale.

He had a bronze ball in his hand.

I have to say that saving even a bronze ball is impressive with that personality.

But judging by the look on his face, he didn’t seem to have been able to get it.

At that moment, I saw the note inside the bronze ball that had already been opened.

[Frozen food]

It’s a jackpot.

I quickly got through the crowd and approached Seon Ahyun.

– 5 seconds left!

Seon Ahyun had a perplexed look.

– 5!

“H, hey—”

“Do you know how to play the guitar?”

– 4!

“That, yeah, I, I can play—”

“Do you like flowers?”

– 3!

“Y, yes.”

“Then, do you want to exchange it with me?”

– 2!

“H, huh?”

I’ll take it as a positive answer.

– 1!

I handed over two gold balls in my hand and took the bronze ball.

– Ding! The treasure hunt is over!

Seon Ahyun had a bewildered expression on his face.

As cheers and sighs echoed around me, I joyfully looked down at the bronze ball in my hand.

It was a great trade.

I traded one bronze ball for two gold balls. There’s no way I’ll get criticized for that, right?

* * *

&lt;Relisting! Idol Inc.&gt;’s PR live starts at 7\:50 pm on Thursday.

Related communities and SNS on the Internet were full of opinions and excitement.

– 77 people are wasting their time by doing the same live broadcasts again this season? ㅋㅋㅋ Even if they failed, they couldn’t even make up their minds. ㅋㅋㅋ

– These crazy bastards suck at PPL, but they are openly advertising it? How vulgar.

– ★☆ Kim Raebin ☆★ is doing a live broadcast with this face. Even if you don’t say anything, it’s amazing content, right? (Photo)

– Even if our Eugene advertises a massage chair, I will buy it right away.

– I’m so annoyed that these pigs are playing with this kind of commercial trick.

└ So if you purchase through the video link, all profits will be donated?

└ Anyway, the crazy female fans will believe in everything~ ㅋㅋㅋ Yeah, the next pigs.

– I hope it ends well without hurting the participantsㅠㅠㅠㅠ

└ That’s the funniest thing. ㅋㅋㅋㅋ What are you saying?

It was a chaotic place where different types of human beings expressed freely, but there was one thing that was certain.

It is said that the number of times participants were mentioned jumped several times.

Those who saw the first episode and felt favorable to the participants themselves were really waiting with anticipation for the content.

And at 8 pm as scheduled.

*‘Real-time broadcasting’* has appeared on the WeTube channel.

– Hey, it’s up.

– Yeah.

– It’s coming.

– I can’t watch it because I’m working overtime. Please relay the number of viewers. Who is the first place?

└ Cha Eugene! There’s a thousand times difference from last place. ㅋㅋㅋㅋ I see seven people in last place. Poor thing ㅠ

– Wongil did apple hair ㅠㅠㅠ Everyone, come see us

– Crazy, Seon Ahyun wore a flower crown. His face is crazy.

Soon all kinds of sales posts about the participants began to be rampant. There were a lot of comments that only said what they had to say, and it was almost to the point of covering up malicious comments.

It was then.

– Huh, who’s filming a Mukbang?

└ ? What are you talking about?

└ No, I mean, what is he eating so earnestly?

└ What are you talking about in the self-introduction video?

└ No, it’s real;;; (link.)

Some people who are interested click the link and watch the video.

“Hello.”

Park Moondae’s face appeared on the screen.

While holding chicken feet in his hand.

Participants couldn’t see the real-time comments, but Park Moondae’s live comments were already exploding.

– No, I mean, Moondae-ya, why are you holding chicken feet?

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Moondae again.

– After popcorn, boneless chicken feet appeared.

– Wasn’t it a self-introduction video? Is there chicken feet for real?

– Why the hell did you choose this? Is it a penalty? ㅋㅋㅋ

– I really want to communicate. I really want to ask a question ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

In contrast to the comment box, Park Moondae continued to say that the chicken feet in his hand aren’t a big deal.

“Well, the product I’m promoting today is— the boneless grilled chicken feet from T1 Foods.”

Park Moondae was sitting at a table that had an iron plate on it.

The boneless chicken feet in disposable gloves look delicious, but compared to the other participants’ video thumbnails, they created a strong impression of differentiation.

“First—I’ll eat and review it.”

Park Moondae boldly eats the chicken feet in one bite. Then he chewed hard, swallowed, and opened his mouth again.

“First of all, the grilled taste is good, and it’s not too spicy, so I think I can keep eating it. Since there is no smell, the aftertaste is clean. The texture is also really good.”

– Is he a former WeTuber who specialized in Mukbang?

– I told you to talk about yourself! Moondae, you can talk about food to the public ㅠㅠ

– Let’s give up. I should have known because you worked so hard with popcorn.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Ah, this is so funny.

– Our Moondae lacks social skills, but he’s a good kid.

The comments roared at Park Moondae, who was sincere about the review. But soon, the atmosphere changed again.

Park Moondae’s Mukbang was more worth watching than they thought.

– But he eats really well.

– He ate it quickly without spilling it.

– When he chews with his mouth closed, he looks so cute. ㅠㅠ

– I think he’ll score points if all he does at the meeting is eat.

– Moondae-ya, I hope you can eat chicken feet wrapped in perilla leaves ㅠㅠ

└ ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Mission complete.

– You eat so well while putting it in your mouth.

– As expected, it’s nice to see you eat well.

And Park Moondae diligently continued the review.

The comment box turned over when he brought out tuna mayo triangle kimbap and said it was good with chicken feet.

By then, there had already been a post on SNS and in the community.

[Idol Inc. participant who’s doing a real-time Mukbang.jpg]

\: Wow, Park Moondae is eating chicken feet

I thought he was the main vocalist, but he’s a Mukbang star on WeTube?

I think Park Moondae’s PR video is crazyㅋㅋ

The number of viewers increased quickly.

The number of viewers of Park Moondae, which was originally quite high, was now entering the top 5.

Participants couldn’t see the comments, but they could see the number of viewers. Park Moondae blinked when he saw the number of viewers surpassing 10,000 viewers.

“There are… a lot of viewers. Thank you. I’ll do my best.”

– Moondae-ya, it’s not like that, please talk about yourself now ㅠㅠ

– Why is it so nice to see him eating?

– Is he a new Mukbang BJ? Hw eat well.

– He is an idol audition participant!

– He is a participant who sings well.ㅋㅋㅋ

– But why is he eating?

– We don’t know that either. ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I never thought that he would keep eating and not sing even one verse.

Park Moondae was reviewing the taste of triangle kimbap in detail.

At that moment, an alarm went off on the clock in the corner of Park Moondae’s desk.

“Oh, the time is up.”

They were basically given 10 minutes to do the PR video live.

And, after converting the number of viewers and likes into numbers, only the top 33 received 5 minutes of extra time and a special gift.

*‘These bastards are acting without conscience while even forcing us to do promotions,’* Park Moondae thought, but he only nodded his head without expressing it.

“It might be over, so I’ll greet you in advance. Thank you.”

Park Moondae gave a slight nod. After a short pause, as if he were thinking, he added.

“…Please watch Episode 2 of &lt;Relisting! Idol Inc&gt;.”

– It’s an example sentence given by the production team, I will bet 1,000 won

– This kid really can’t say empty words ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s okay, Moondae, you’re cute.

– That’s right, he’s cute.

– He’s good at singing and good at eating. Grandma is happy because of this baby.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Everyone got into it, it’s really funny ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

About 10 seconds after Park Moondae’s greetings, the screen suddenly showed a bell ringing.

“Ah, I think the results are out.”

Park Moondae took the old smartphone from under the desk. It looks like the production team sent him a text message with the results.

However, the comments that already knew that Park Moondae remained in the top 33 were paying attention to something else.

– It’s an old-fashioned phone.

– It’s frugal.

– He’s so smart.

– If you don’t use Apple Phone, you will be treated as a primitive person, and you use an old phone… are they drawn to it?

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Everyone must be crazy.

– Moondae-ya, Noona will buy you an Apple Phone. So our Moondae, let’s debut ㅠㅠ

Park Moondae chose a free phone to live a minimum life within the budget, but an unexpected synergy was coming out.

Anyway, since Park Moondae also guessed his high rank, there was no tension when the results were announced.

“Ah, I’m in the top 33 so I can continue broadcasting. Thank you for the next 5 minutes and please take care of me. I will work hard.”

Park Moondae bowed his head and quickly picked up the chicken feet again. Then he took another bite.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Are you telling us to take care of you while you’re doing a Mukbang?

– I find it funniest when he is being serious. ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– No, please introduce yourself at least in the extra time ㅋㅋㅋ

– Ah ㅠㅠ Moondae-ya, don’t say anything like that, please release TMI. What is your favorite color, do you like cats or dogs, or at least please tell me about your MBTI ㅠㅠ

The speed at which the comments are coming up has increased tremendously. So even if Park Moondae was watching, it was impossible to read.

Then, Park Moondae’s smartphone rang again. This time, it was the production team.

‘What is it? Is it a special gift or something?’

“We have another announcement for the production team. Wait a moment—”

Park Moondae checked the text. It was quite long.

[Special gift for participants! It is communication with viewers! Viewer donations are now available! Participants can check the donation pop-up with a threshold amount of &lt;10,000 won&gt; or more.

Please tell the viewers.^^ (※All the donations amount must be announced!)]

The idea behind donating such an amount of the donation was to avoid any possible controversies.

However, considering that the donation is received by the participant and the donation is carried out in the name of the program, it was frankly disgusting.

‘I know they wouldn’t spend money and would do this.’

Park Moondae thought indifferently but read the text aloud as it was.

– Donation??

– I guess they set it at 10,000 won to block aggro.

– Hey, what kind of donation is that? It’s just to save the participant’s face anyway. ;;

– If we give it to a participant, they’ll swear that it’s vulgar again, but they’re just living with their mouths anyway. ;; (t/n\: 입만 살았다 means someone who only talks but does nothing.)

– If I pay the chicken price for Moondae, will he do another chicken Mukbang?

– The level of the RII’s small store has come down.

– They’re crazy fast.

– Is it chicken?

– ㅋㅋㅋ Someone please ask quickly, why is it chicken feet? ㅋㅋㅋ

“Ah, 123-nim. thank you…”

Park Moondae was fighting the deep reality while reading the donation text that came up on the screen.
