---
title: "Chapter 74"
category: "book"
index: 73
section: "Chapter 74"
slug: "74"
---

# Chapter 74

Testar’s propaganda on the music chart caused a huge stir.

[Testar 24 Hits entry ranking (1 hour)]

\: Hi-five in 85th place and Magical Boy in 88th place, renewed male idol’s highest entry ranking after chart reorganization

One song ranks higher than VTICㄷㄷㄷ

– I’m out of my mind

– Wow, Idol Inc is scary

– I think we need to put Testar in the top 3 male idols?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Let’s get rid of T-holic

└This bastard is not a Testar fan. Please report this troll

└Report is done~

– I knew it would be like this. Even from the teaser alone, the firepower is crazy ㅋㅋ

-They said the reservation period was short and they sold 250,000 copies in one dayㄹㅇThey were on a different scale as soon as they debuted

– Wow I am getting hooked? I’ll stick with them for nowㅇㅇ

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋWhat a great loyalty

The level of recognition had already risen to the highest level in Korea.

The comments which were added one by one by the people who had watched &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; at least once couldn’t even be considered a fuss.

In addition, when the competition structure was created, the reaction of VTIC fans turned cold.

– Debut album entry renews the rankingsㅋㅋㅋ The disruption to the ecosystem of broadcasting companies is really serious.

– You have to look at the number, they’re obviously robbing empty houses

└Unfortunately, the music only comes out nowㅋㅋ If it came out a month ago, it would have been worth aiming for the top 70

└What a great delusionㅋㅋ Ah, Testar daddies are really shameless~

– Enjoy it now~ Idol Inc’s next album will fallㅠㅠ It will end with a career-high debut album~

└Have Vtic fans lost it?ㅋㅋㅋ

└How ugly

– It seems everyone had a controversy at least once during the audition program, it’s amazing that so many people listen to this…

Thanks to malicious netizens who were excited to put firewood and drive a wedge between them, the atmosphere among fandoms was freezing like thin ice.

But apart from that, people who were only moderately interested in idols really enjoyed it.

– Wow, then I’ll see Vtic and Testar together in the music show this week

– It’s going to be super funㅋㅋㅋ

– If this continues, isn’t Testar going to win first place next week?

└I don’t know. VTIC’s initial period lasted until today, but 180,000 copies were sold today

└Hiik, that number is crazy too

└I think the key is how much the songs will explode after Testar’s performance?

└Oho, Testar needs to set up a lot of entertainment schedules

The next day, Testar put ‘Hi-five’ at 17th and ‘Magical Boy’ at 19th on the daily chart.

It was ridiculously fast, but of course not as fast as VTIC.

– Is Testar crazy?

– Since VTIC is heaven, it’s out of the questionㅋㅋ Honestly, I can’t believe that rookie boy idol is doing that on the music charts

– It’s amazing that they don’t lose the ranking and maintained it

Everyone was moderately surprised and moderately expected it.

And so Thursday came.

It was Testar’s first pre-recording of the music show.

* * *

“Too sleepy.”

“Yeah.”

I never thought that the day would come when I could truly sympathize with Cha Eugene’s words.

‘I knew would do it early in the morning. But I didn’t think about the preparation time.’

Let’s say the pre-recording of the music show starts at 4\:30 a.m. Then you have to stand by at the broadcasting station at 4 o’clock at the latest. Then you have to go to the salon a few hours before that…

In short, it was night labor.

‘We keep moving indoors, but what about the people who come to watch?’

It was said that they applied and were selected by lottery, but honestly, if you were going to call people at this time, you should give them an hourly wage.

It was fortunate that the weather was not cold. No one would catch a cold while waiting.

“I’m going to sleep…”

Cha Eugene stretched out on the sofa as soon as he entered the waiting room.

“S-Should I wake him up? I-If he looks like he just woke up from his sleep, it won’t reflect well…”

“He’s been living like that, but he’s doing well. Don’t worry about him.”

“I-I see.”

At Kim Raebin’s firm words, Seon Ahyeon put his hands back together. His face was pale.

He seemed nervous rather than lacking sleep.

“…Wait a minute.”

“Hn?”

I rummaged through the small bag I was carrying and threw a bunch of candy to Seon Ahyeon.

It was glucose candy.

“Eat some. It’s good for when you’re tired.”

“U-Uh…”

“Heol, Moondae, me too!”

Keun Sejin, who was looking at his smartphone, quickly tried to take candy from Seon Ahyeon but was unexpectedly stopped by Seon Ahyeon.

“I-I-I will eat it well!”

“No, Ahyeon…!”

“…”

I took out more candy from my bag and threw it without saying a word. Keun Sejin accepted it with joy.

“Oh, thank you!”

‘…Whatever, I’ll buy three or four times as much, so I can eat as much as I want.’

The financial situation was still not good but this was not a desirable phenomenon.

Then, the manager and Ryu Chungwoo came in with the camera outside the door.

‘Is it for the reality show again?’

Since this music show was on Tnet, it seemed it was easy for them to get in and out.

The manager smiled broadly and waved. Ryu Chungwoo said with a smile.

“Guys, the fans sent us lunch boxes!”

“Gasp!”

“…Lunchbox!”

Cha Eugene, who had been sleeping, got up. It was amazing.

The lunch boxes that came into the waiting room were dazzling.

‘I never thought I’d see a 5-layered lunch box in real life.’

I was a bit taken aback as I took apart the lunchbox each filled with dishes.

Lunchboxes were not supposed to be better than ordinary meals… This was more than just a meal.

A sticker was attached to the top of the lunch box.

[Testar’s debut song]

[It’s magic ♡]

At the bottom, only ‘All Testar fans’ were written.

“…”

It seemed several individual fan communities prepared it together. Since it was the group’s first debut stage, they must have sent it together rather than sharing names.

It was a delicate consideration for the members.

“Let’s take a picture.”

“I think it would be better to take one shot like this, open it, and take another shot.”

“That’s a great idea. Moondae is good at quickly taking pictures, he should take it.”

“Okay.”

“Oh?”

I took a few shots with my phone, adjusting the angle and focus without complaining. Then I adjusted the brightness and saturation to correct the color right away.

“You took good pictures.”

“Y-You’re good with your hands…!”

“Thank you. I want to upload this, is it okay?”

“Huh?”

Actually, I asked the members, but the question was directed to the manager.

It was because we had never personally posted anything in particular ever since Lee Sejin posted. It was because there was a problem with spoilers and an issue with the atmosphere.

I thought it would be okay to upload it, and fortunately, the manager also sent an okay gesture.

The members also checked the gesture and proceeded with it.

“Of course, it’s okay~”

“Moondae’s idea is great.”

“Are we going to eat now?”

Cha Eugene’s earnest question was silently ignored.

Instead, Kim Raebin nodded seriously.

“Starting with this, I hope we can post more often.”

“…Right.”

But you… Check and post it if you can.

“Let’s put in I love you.”

“Then, if we made a mistake, wouldn’t it look like we love them for giving us lunchboxes?”

“Ugh.”

The members eagerly started writing phrases as I edited the photos.

“There’s a 180-character limit. Let’s choose carefully.”

“Yes!”

So the finished phrase was this.

[This is Testar(TeSTAR)’s account!]

\: We’re waiting for our first music show recording! Thank you so much for the lunchboxes! We’ll eat and work hard and do our best on stage.

As much as we’ve worked hard on it, there are so many things we want to show you! For everyone who has been waiting for us, thank you so much and I love youㅠㅠ Let’s see each other for a long time♡ (photo) (photo) (photo)

“Great! It’s uploaded!”

While the members were feeling proud, Ryu Chungwoo who was looking at it with a faint smile suddenly looked puzzled.

“…?”

“Wait, what time is it now?”

…It was three-fifty.

It was early in the morning.

Seon Ahyeon turned pale.

“R-Right now, us, n-notification in the early morning.”

“Delete… Will they get a notification if we delete it?”

“Of course, they will…”

“…”

The atmosphere became solemn.

Of course, there were many idols who posted at dawn, but in this case, the problem was that the news of the group, which was uploaded for the first time in a month, was sent like a morning chat.

Cha Eugene, who was making a sad face while looking at the lunch box, asked.

“What about it?”

“It’s a nuisance if you get a notification at dawn.”

“Aha.”

Cha Eugene said brightly.

“Let’s apologize!”

“…!”

After a while, another new notification popped up on Testar’s account.

[This is Testar(TeSTAR)’s account!]

\: Sorry for posting suddenly in the morningㅠㅠ It happened because we lost our sense of time… Next time, we’ll be sure to set it during the day! (Photo)

The attached additional photo was of Testar in the waiting room with their heads down together.

I felt something was out of place.

“…Wait a minute.”

“What is it?”

“I think we spoiled our outfits.”

“…!!”

…Fortunately, I was able to ask the production crew for their understanding.

However, just before the pre-recording, the faces of the members who experienced an unexpected trial turned pale.

“…From now on, let’s think for at least about 30 minutes before posting on SNS.”

“Yes…”

After the great feast was over, the recording time was right around the corner.

“Let’s eat the lunch box quickly now!”

“There’s no time, let’s eat after we’re done.”

“Uh…”

Cha Eugene was heartbroken.

We drank the vitamin drink included in the lunch box and headed straight to the stage.

“Woow!”

About 200 people who had been waiting in line since last night cheered.

By the way, we were not even on stage yet. We were just going back and forth next to the stage.

Keun Sejin said seriously.

“Let’s not ask questions like ‘Have you eaten?’. It seems we’re the only ones eating packed lunches and taking medicine this early in the morning.”

The members, fully realizing that it was dawn due to the previous incident, nodded eagerly.

Except for Cha Eugene.

“But I couldn’t eat…”

“Let’s eat as soon as we’re done.”

“…Yeah.”

Ryu Chungwoo lightly subdued the situation.

“Let’s go up!”

“Yes.”

The members went up to the stage at the instruction of the staff.

The set was great. It seemed the key points of the MV’s broken school set had been moved here, and even the purple LED and the bubble effect were perfect.

‘They’ve spent some money.’

But there was no time to look around the set closely. Because hundreds of people were watching in front of me.

“This is our first recording stage. Everyone, I look forward to your kind cooperation.”

“Please take good care of us~”

As the members gave a greeting following Ryu Chungwoo’s lead, screams and greetings mixed with cheers were heard from below.

“If there’s anything you want from Testar…”

“Please post more often!”

“Ah, that.”

They must have checked the posts on SNS earlier; laughter erupted from under the stage. Thanks to this, Ryu Chungwoo stopped laughing.

“We’ll post often. Not in the early morning.”

“Increase it from today right away!”

“How often do you want us to upload…”

“Every day!”

The fans shouted at the top of their lungs. They weren’t losing out to Raebin. It was amazing.

It was the first time I had a conversation so close to the stage, so I couldn’t honestly say that the communication seemed natural.

But it was refreshing in its own way. Since our rookie days were short, fans would enjoy this atmosphere too.

“Ah, let’s begin.”

The members, who had a short conversation with a few words, soon took their positions on the stage at the staff’s signal.

I came forward because I started from the middle for the first part.

“Moondae!”

After thinking about it for a moment, I made a small heart. That… Not the so-called K-heart. It was just a finger heart.

“Aagh!!”

I felt like my hands and feet were about to explode, but it was okay because people looked happy…

My legs would hurt in the morning, but shouldn’t I have fun like this?

When the reaction subsided, the prelude came out.

♫♪♩♪-♫♪♫♪-♪♩-

And from under the stage, I heard powerful voices.

‘…It’s a fanchant.’

I never thought I would hear that.

– I will meet you tomorrow

I’ve been thinking about it all-day

“All day!”

I unconsciously laughed as I entered the first verse.

It was kind of fun.
