---
title: "Chapter 86"
category: "book"
index: 85
section: "Chapter 86"
slug: "86"
---

# Chapter 86

[Tada!]

What was hidden under the cloth… was a heavy nameplate.

– ???

– ? What’s thisㅋㅋㅋ

The luxurious and huge pearly nameplate, which could only be found on the desk of a corporate chairman, was written in Gungseo style.

[Loviewer]

[*Loviewer*]

Ryu Chungwoo opened his mouth with a smile.

[We chose this song by thinking of the fans who watch us with love.]

[*LOVE plus Reviewer*! Like that~]

Cha Eugene attached an additional explanation. He looked at the giant nameplate with proud eyes.

[You want to have it? It was made for you!]

[It means that our fans who have invested in us are the best… Ah, and after this W live, we’ll send it to fans by lottery!]

It was only natural, but the nameplate that popped out of nowhere was so random that it was just funny.

By the way, Park Moondae had opposed it until the end, but he gave up because he was pushed back by the majority vote.

Anyway, Testar seemed so proud, so the fans just pushed down the comments with smiley and heart emoticons. Because they were cute.

Of course, the fierce situation was relayed back and forth to SNS.

– You’re telling us on W app to take the old-fashioned nameplate and get rid of it, right? But it’s the first W live, so we’ll let it slideㅠㅠ We’ll let it slide only this once!

– Ah ㄹㅇㅋㅋGood joke~

– I don’t see any sh*t coming out, read the mood

– First of all, the name is fine, so the nameplate is unexpectedly cuteㅇㅋ?

Thanks to this, the members who were curious about the reaction to the fandom name and went closer to their smartphone screens were able to judge the situation based on texts such as ‘ㅋㅋㅋ’, ‘ㅠㅠㅠ’ and ‘I love you’.

[Report! The response seems good!]

[I-I am glad…]

[Great!]

Testar excitedly continued the next presentation.

[Then, we will announce the official color next!]

* * *

Testar’s first W live lasted quite a long time.

It was originally scheduled for two hours, but the members were unwilling to end the first W live only following the script.

So in the second half, quite a lot of TMI came out.

[Summary of the MBTI that Testar released on the W app todayㅋㅋㅋ]

\: Ryu Chungwoo ESFJ / Lee Sejin A ISFP / Seon Ahyeon ISFJ / Keun Sejin ENTJ / Park Moondae INTJ / Kim Raebin INFP / Cha Eugene ENTP

It was a delicacy to see the kids who hadn’t done anything like this do this live and have fun… Testar is where you should go even in W live…

※It wasn’t an official test, so just watch it for fun!

– None of the kids’ personality overlap ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– ㅠㅠㅠㅠThe kids are so cute today. I hope they turn on the W app often

– Extrovert, introvert, it all came out accurately. Keun Sejin’s E is especially convincingㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– When Chungwoo’s ESFJ was explained, the kids were amazed that it was so accurate, but they were like kindergarten kids who adored their teacherㅠㅠ Aigoo, cute ones

– The ones who seem to have low empathy are T. It suits them.

└?? There’s a fool who judges other people based on their MBTI?

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋIn that case half of humanity should be tied up and smacked

Of course, they were mostly currently celebrating the fandom name that was finally decided on.

-Testar, honestly I felt uncomfortable because I immediately thought of tester, but thanks to my singer who set the concept of a loving viewer to the fans, I forget everything

└That’s right. Testar-Loviewer, a fated pair. I don’t accept objection🖐️

– As soon as the court opens tomorrow, my name will be changed to Kim Loviewerㅇㅇ, it’s lovely and doesn’t sound nerdy

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋAre you crazyㅋㅋㅋl It’s weird if two people apply in one day, I am the only one who’s going to do it

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s nice to make the fandom color three-tone based on the sky-blue for each time zone. It’s related to the worldview of this album

└That’s right. It’s a recent color, so it doesn’t feel superficialㅋㅋㅋ

– Actually, I think our lightstick will stand out a lot… The color is good regardless…

└ㅋㅋㅋThat’s rightㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└I’m already looking forward to the public broadcastㅋㅋㅋㅋ

Testar’s fans spent Sunday enjoying the various hot contents that exploded at the first W Live.

In addition, the last fan signing event for this activity was in progress.

– Will the fan signing be okay right after W liveㅠㅠ

– They’re really bad at scheduling;

While worrying about Testar and cursing the agency, the human heart had no choice but to wait for the reviews after hearing that they would ask questions related to W live.

Fortunately, the atmosphere delivered in real-time was very good.

– Someone gave Raebin maracas in the shape of a baseball batㅋㅋㅋㅋ Raebin was about to die from embarrassment (photo)

– I asked Moondae to draw a puppy. Um… Anyway, Moon Puppy said it’s a puppy, so this is a puppy from now on. (A drawing that looked like a burst-out hotteok[1]hotteok = Korean sweet pancake )

– Today, it’s Ahyeon who prepared the giftㅠㅠ A deer pen. I got an autograph with this! (photo)

And Testar was also holding the fan signing event more energetically thanks to the feeling that the work was ending successfully.

* * *

“Moondae, can you draw a lightstick here?”

“…Sure. Here?”

“Yes!”

I felt like I got similar requests about 10 times just today alone. I drew the final version of the lightstick next to the autograph, hiding my bitterness.

…I was the one drawing it, but I couldn’t tell what it was.

“Gasp! I love it so much…”

Do you like it because my sloppy appearance looks humane…

‘Or is it because it’s rare that I am bad at drawing?’

It didn’t matter either way as long as the receiver liked it, but I couldn’t help but feel like I had become Bongi Kim Seondal[2]Bongi Kim Seondal is a great swindler from a Korean’s old story.

‘It feels like I am just wasting their time.’

I finished the drawing as soon as possible and asked again.

“Is there anything else you want?”

“Gasp, then write something heart-fluttering!”

“Hmm, heart-fluttering words…”

In an environment where I couldn’t waste the time worrying, this non-specific request was really difficult.

However, this was also something I had heard more than twice in an hour of fan signing, so I gradually picked up speed.

I immediately wrote down a message under the lightstick.

[Today’s schedule for Park Moondae’s evening\: Thinking of the Loviewer he met at the fan signing event]

“Gasp…”

“See you again.”

The fan staggered and was moved to the next seat by the staff. Since I had already held them out once, the staff was also determined this time, so I couldn’t do anything about it.

‘As expected, mentioning the specific situation related to the other person is most effective.’

It would be better to add some personal feelings, but I couldn’t think of any in 20 seconds so it couldn’t be helped.

‘It seems I’ll really think about them in the evening.’

I stroked the back of my neck and waited for the next person to come, but there was no sign of them coming yet.

“Sejin, do you have a secret to being good on stage?”

“Um~ If noona tells me what’s good about it, I can make that my secret!”

“Wooow!”

It was because Keun Sejin was continuing the conversation almost as if he was doing some kind of stunt. It was so amazing that even the staff couldn’t use their hands.

‘It’s about time… ’

As I was looking at the camera calling my name, I heard a fan who just crossed over talking to Seon Ahyeon

“H-Hello.”

“Ah, yes. Hello.”

Maybe she wasn’t very interested in Seon Ahyeon, her voice didn’t sound very impressed.

“W-What’s your n-name?”

“Yes?”

I heard the fan ask in a slightly bitter voice.

“That, y-your name…!”

Seon Ahyeon asked once again, but his voice, which had become a little smaller, was rather muffled. I started to get a little annoyed by the other person’s tone.

“I can’t hear you very well…”

“I-I-I am sorry.”

“No.”

“…”

I didn’t feel good.

After that, Seon Ahyeon’s words were gone.

I glanced at him, but he was still signing the autograph.

“Hello!”

“Hello.”

Perhaps Keun Sejin’s words were over, another fan finally came to me. As I waited for the fan who was still waving with Keun Sejin to hold out her album, I heard voices from next to me again.

“T-This i-is…”

“Ah.”

It seemed Seon Ahyeon was giving the gift he had prepared.

Then, a slightly offended voice refused.

“Oh, that’s all right. It’s fine.”

“…!”

The fan sitting in front of Seon Ahyeon left her seat.

In fact, cases like this could happen.

There was no job where you only met kind people. That you didn’t get cursed at to your face was good enough, you probably would just feel offended and let it be.

The problem was this damn sickening feeling.

‘Stuttering, unfamiliar peers, rejection.’

These keywords were a triple crown.

It was at the level of someone tap dancing on Seon Ahyeon’s trauma switch.

“…”

Looking sideways, Seon Ahyeon was breaking out in a cold sweat.

‘F*ck… ’

If I was just a little bit late, it would be found out.

I snatched the pen from Seon Ahyeon’s hand. And immediately tore open the packaging.

“…!”

“This is a gift prepared by Ahyeon. May I sign it for you?”

“Wow! I love it!”

I immediately started signing an autograph, drawing Seon Ahyeon into the conversation.

“And Ahyeon said he’ll give noona what I’m using right now and another wrapped one.”

“Heol…? Really?”

“Of course. Isn’t that right?”

“…Y-Yes!”

Perhaps coming back to his sense, Seon Ahyeon began to answer.

‘His stiffness has disappeared.’

“Ooh, I love it. Why do I get two?”

“It’s a reward to thank you for accepting Keun Sejin’s long talk. Our member talks quite a lot.”

“Hey, you’re so mean!”

“Uahahaha.”

Listening in, Keun Sejin faded away after chiming once.

At this point, perhaps thinking it was all a joke, the fan laughed excitedly and took the pen.

“Thank you so much~ But how did you know I was older?”

“Keun Sejin from next to me had mentioned it about 10 times?”

“Hahaha…!”

Fortunately, the fan who smiled looking embarrassed spoke sincerely to Seon Ahyeon, the next in line, and exchanged conversations.

And Seon Ahyeon regained his composure before the next person came.

‘I’ve passed it for now.’

Fortunately, there was no other unexpected event until the end of the fan signing event that day.

* * *

“Are you okay?”

“…I-I am alright.”

In the car returning to the dorm, Seon Ahyeon’s condition was definitely better than before.

But his complexion was still pale.

And he murmured an apology again and again.

“I-I’m sorry… I-I almost c-caused trouble…”

“It’s not like that.”

It could create a troublesome scandal, but it wouldn’t hurt the group.

However, the problem was, if it went on like this, his mental state would be destroyed first.

‘If we get another fan signing event, I’ll keep worrying that the same situation will happen again.’

And then on the day when the ‘Grit’ trait was deactivated… It could really hurt the group. There would be a hole in the dance line.

“Do you have any plans to seek counseling?”

“…T-T-There’s no time…”

“If you tell your agency, I think they’ll cut it a bit. These days, there are many people who take a break from their activities because of this problem.”

It had been 4 weeks since the start of the activity, so if Seon Ahyeon said he couldn’t do it, they would accommodate him to some extent.

However, Seon Ahyeon hurriedly shook his head.

“W-We are going to get a vacation soon, s-so… I’ll do it then.”

“…”

It was for the media play, it seemed he was going to show it off for about three days.

I was just going to say, wouldn’t it be better to get it now, but Seon Ahyeon opened his mouth first.

“N-Now… I don’t want to. W-We’re still in the middle of activity and I-I don’t want to miss out on the schedule.”

He was so firm.

Since he said so, I decided to move on for now. Because it was the first time it happened.

“Hmm… Okay. I understand.”

“Hn…”

‘If Seon Ahyeon’s mood becomes weird, I can just contact his parents.’

This conversation didn’t leak out because we had a quiet conversation in the car with music playing. I decided to use earplugs to run away from Cha Eugene’s voice singing along to a pop song.

“…”

And when we arrived at the dorm.

The living room was filled with balloons.

“…?!”
