---
title: "Chapter 93"
category: "book"
index: 92
section: "Chapter 93"
slug: "93"
---

# Chapter 93

Cheongnyeo started to blur his words from the beginning.

“Um, Where should I start…”

“I’ll listen.”

I knelt down on purpose. It was because I had to appear as a rookie idol seeking advice from the top senior on this broadcast.

Cheongryeo smiled soullessly and told me to sit comfortably a few times, and when he confirmed that the conversation wasn’t going as he wished, he began to answer.

“We met as a group at our agency, and we got close quickly because everyone had good personalities.”

The standard answer continued, saying that everyone worked hard even when they debuted.

It was obvious, but it was also a virtue that people expected from idols.

Well, I couldn’t let him get away with it like this.

“I’m very attached to Testar members right now, and Cheongryeo sunbae-nim also gets along well with the sunbae-nims on the same team from the beginning.”

I took a sip of the coffee I had left. I got to the part where the coffee had already sunk in, so the taste was so strong that it kept my mind awake.

“Strangers who don’t know anything about each other met as a team, and everyone got along well without fighting. It’s really amazing and wonderful.”

“…”

“I’m sure you are all good people, but Cheongryeo sunbae-nim must have played a big role as a leader. I really look up to you.”

A proper flattery befitting of a rookie.

I didn’t cross the line that would make me look like I was beating down other members.

But its meaning would have been roughly conveyed to Cheongryeo.

‘You did everything you could to select only the ones that fit your taste and formed a team with them. I know that.’

…Sure enough, Cheongryeo was staring this way.

“Is that so?”

“Yes.”

“I’m embarrassed. It wasn’t like that.”

“No, you’re amazing.”

“Okay, thank you.”

Then, you should have figured out the situation now.

“It’s my first time talking about it in a place like this, so I didn’t know how it was.”

“It was a great help. Thank you.”

“…You’re welcome.”

With this, he must have recognized which side was missing out. I ended the conversation at that point.

“Now then, shall we make ourselves comfortable?”

“Yes. Thank you.”

After that, the mountain cabin distress skit continued.

Continuous landslides and ruined back rooms.

And even the eerie news from the radio found in the warehouse.

Well, it seemed I took care of it well because I was immersed in it. I would have to watch it live later.

So without incident, the filming was finished the next morning.

* * *

As soon as the filming was over, it started to rain. It was the rainy season.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

I nodded and greeted the people around me, and at the recommendation of the production team, I took out my smartphone.

And I made a video call.

Tut-tut-tut- Click!

Before long, a familiar face appeared on the screen… It was Keun Sejin.

‘I called Ryu Chungwoo, but why are you coming out first?’

[Heol, Park Moondae.]

[Is it Moondae hyung calling?]

I heard a thud, and soon the screen was filled with Testar.

‘It’s worthwhile telling everyone to come out together if I call anyone.’

The production team had said beforehand that it would be nice if Testar would also come out as an outsider even if the story was over

Originally, I was going to put it in the main shoot, but it was impossible due to the timing, so I thought it would probably go into the ending as some kind of post-credit-scene.

[A-Are you done filming?]

“Yeah, I’m leaving now.”

[Be careful on your way.]

[T-That’s right. B-Be careful…]

[Buy some snacks on the way~]

“…”

It was raining, but I was listening to all kinds of heartfelt requests. I tried to ignore it, but I answered Keun Sejin as gently as possible, mindful of the camera.

“Buy it yourself. Go inside and have some.”

[Oh~ Moondae is good at talking back? Alright!]

They were also conscious of the camera, so they laughed lightly and moved on. I had a few more trivial small talks and soon ended the video call.

I received a text message from the manager saying that his arrival was delayed a little due to the sudden heavy rain.

Oh, by the way, he was a new manager who finally came in a few days ago. He was younger than my original age.

“Moondae-ssi, aren’t you leaving?”

“Ah, sunbae-nim.”

I bowed my head to Cheongryeo, who was talking to me. I could feel a few staff looking at me sideways.

“I’m waiting because my manager said he will be late.”

“I guess it’s because it’s raining. Then you’ll be late for lunch, so why don’t we go inside and get a meal?

“That’s right, Moondae-ssi. Eat first before you go home. We’re supposed to have a company dinner, but we’re not done cleaning up because of the rain so we can’t.”

A writer passing by intervened to help.

He praised Park Moondae for his cuts, so it seemed Park Moondae had made a pretty good impression on him.

Thanks to that, he made things easier.

“Then I’ll be grateful.”

“Alright.”

Cheongryeo brought out his car, and I explained the situation to the manager and quickly got permission. There was no afternoon schedule anyway.

‘I’ll go home and sleep as soon as this is over.’

In the midst of the pleasant imagination, Cheongryeo drove the car back.

‘If you’re in your seventh year, you deserve to get your own car.’

“Get in.”

“Thank you.”

I got in the front seat right away. Thud, I closed the door and fastened my seat belt, and the car started right away.

Cheongryeo didn’t wait any longer.

“I don’t like wasting time. Shall we get straight to the point instead of uselessly sizing up each other?”

“…”

“What year are you from?”

“Sunbae-nim first.”

“Haha.”

Cheongryeo stopped laughing.

…He seemed a little psychotic?

‘He suddenly laughed and used informal speech?’

Just in case, I should keep checking to make sure he didn’t forget to keep his eyes forward. I started paying attention to both conversation and the view.

At any rate, this was no different from admitting with my own mouth.

“I’m already past that point. It’s not very useful. Um, I thought I’d want to hear a little bit about the future.”

“I don’t have much to say either.”

“What?”

“I was a civil exam student.”

“…”

Cheongryeo didn’t answer as if he was speechless and soon sighed as if drained by the wind.

Then, as if to lower the level of tension a little, he spoke in a slightly relaxed voice.

“It’s ridiculous. A civil exam student, what kind of idol is that…”

“If I don’t become an idol, I will die.”

“Oh, you’ve known that much already?”

‘…?’

I felt a slight sense of incongruity.

“When did you find out, sunbae-nim?”

“I tried to send someone away but I failed, so I died and went back.”

“…Where did you send him away?”

“To his own country. After all, he’s the kind of guy who’s going to set up a factory after doing it for three years.”

Cheongryeo smiled and lightly tapped the steering wheel.

‘I’d rather be the person driving.’

The problem was that Park Moondae didn’t have a license. There was no other situation where I could take a break.

…Anyway, I definitely felt it in the conversation just now.

‘He can’t see the status window.’

Seeing that he realized the ‘death status abnormality’ only after he died, this guy didn’t have the guide called a status window.

‘That’s why he couldn’t fill in the three characteristics.’

He literally started from scratch.

He had an advantage over me in that he was an idol from the beginning and went back to his own body.

‘At what time did he die? I think he would have died without making a debut at the audition.’

If I lied here for no reason, my words would start to get twisted. If this guy noticed and started mixing in lies, I would be in trouble too.

Let’s tell the truth.

“I haven’t died yet.”

“…Really? Then how did you know?”

“I just know. If I don’t make an achievement within the deadline, I will die.”

“…”

Cheongryeo looked ahead without saying a word and then murmured softly.

“I’m jealous.”

“…”

I only moved my eyes to glance at the rearview mirror but I could see Cheongryeo’s eyes staring at me.

…Frankly, it was downright creepy.

“Now would be the perfect time. You must feel like you’re the main character.”

“…I might die every time the deadline returns.”

“…Ah, right. There will be a difference in standpoint… Um.”

Cheongryeo suddenly continued in a lighter tone.

“I think it’s kind of a penalty.”

“What?”

“If you fail to do something that you feel like you should do, you die. Isn’t it bearable? Going back in time.”

“…”

I didn’t have the slightest idea.

Isn’t this just crazy? I think he’s gone crazy trying to rationalize the situation because of his defense mechanism.

However, Cheongryeo unexpectedly gave a reason that made sense. It was a very surprising reason.

“I made a calculation… It basically lasted for as much as the years you returned. So.”

“…!”

It meant that there was an end to the status abnormality.

‘So, that’s why his status abnormality was inactivated.’

Let’s assume that this statement was correct. So I’d gone back three years…

‘Four. Two of them have already been completed.’

There was a glimmer of hope.

…Of course, how much I could trust this guy was another matter. But I was satisfied with having someone to dig out from, and next, let’s ask what had been bothering me.

“By the way, how did you know I had returned to the past?”

“…Ah, I just know?”

“…”

He was copying my words on purpose. It meant I should come clean first.

I clicked my tongue inwardly.

‘But I can’t talk about the status window right now.’

This guy was usually fine, but he seemed to lose his mind when it came to this supernatural situation.

No more provoking him today.

“At any rate, it was fun to meet hubae-nim in many respects. It was a useful experience.”

“Yes, sunbae-nim. Thank you.”

“If you have any questions, please contact me.”

“Thank you.”

After that, I ate quietly at a proper Korean restaurant and returned to the dorm.

‘…Finally.’

I stayed up all night fighting a battle of wits and I was terribly tired.

When I opened the front door and went in, people without afternoon schedules popped out and waved their hands.

“Moondae has arrived~”

“How was it, was the variety show alright?”

“Y-You’ve worked hard!”

“…Oh, it was fine, thank you.”

Wow, good to see you guys.

It was often said that you would get attached if you see their faces often, but it seemed I had gotten comfortable because we were together every day.

I grabbed Keun Sejin who was brushing his teeth and asked.

“Any snacks?”

“Oho, did you believe me, Moondae?”

Of course not.

But for some reason, I got into the mood and said it this once. Of course, the results were as expected.

But surprisingly, Keun Sejin pointed to the refrigerator.

“Check them and pick two things you want to eat. I bought them at a convenience store.”

“…”

My expectations… were off the mark.

I shrugged.

“Thanks.”

“Don’t mention it. It’s supposed to be three per person, but since you got a solo variety show, your snacks get deducted.”

“…”

“Hahaha! It’s a joke~ A joke! It’s supposed to be two per person.”

This guy was crossing the line these days.

At that moment, the smartphone rang.

Ring.

[VTIC Cheongryeo sunbae-nim\: Call me if you feel like dying ^^]

“…”

Suddenly, I didn’t mind Keun Sejin’s behavior.

‘First of all, he’s much better than this guy.’

[Yes, I understand. Thank you.]

After replying roughly, I washed up and left my snacks behind, and then immediately went straight to bed.

“You’re here.”

“Yes. Did anything happen?”

“No… You’re going to sleep?”

“Yes, I stayed up all night. Can I close the curtains?”

“Yes.”

After a brief conversation with Lee Sejin, I closed the blackout curtains with his permission and took a nap.

Because I had to do some monitoring in the evening.

[Testar’s Living Together TEST! Episode 6]

The reality travel episode came out today.
