---
title: "Chapter 97"
category: "book"
index: 96
section: "Chapter 97"
slug: "97"
---

# Chapter 97

Cheongryeo on the screen smiled and began to unravel the ghost story.

[Do you know an idol ghost story? I also just heard of this recently.]

[…A ghost story?]

– It’s here.

– Finallyㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Park Moondae, are you going to throw away the Americano this time?

In order not to go against people’s expectations, Park Moondae stiffened as soon as he heard the introduction of the ‘ghost story’.

– Moondae, are you scared of the ghost story?ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– His face is all hardened but it’s so cute how he’s pretending that he’s not

– I’m not even a fan, but for some reason, it’s so fun to see him being scared… ㅎ

└Welcome to Park Moondae’s bulletin board

In reality, he was nervous because of the meaningful content, but on the broadcast, he looked stiffened because of the ghost story.

[They wandered around the recording studio, and when an idol who was likely to succeed was recording, they interrupted and recorded together.]

[I could have done this…]

[…They said.]

The ghost’s line in the middle was treated with red captions to liven up the atmosphere.

[Silence descends inside the mountain cabin]

And finally, a slightly chilly atmosphere was created.

– Huh?

– Hey, Park Mundae is immersed

– They finally manage to escape the skitㅋㅋ

– Cheongryeo-nim, nice shot

[You don’t have to worry. Actually, I just made it up. I modified the story of the ghost in the recording studio.]

[…Um, I see.]

[But you know that the story of the ghost in the recording studio is real, right?]

[!!]

– It’s actually a phone ghost story

– But the phone ghost story is also a phone phone ghost story.

– It’s rare for Cheongryeo to play pranks… Since he’s with his hubae, a new personality comes out, It’s fun

– Ah, the gap between the gag and immersion is just rightㅋㅋㅋ

Since then, the broadcast began to create a proper atmosphere.

[The stove is broken.]

[The door in the back room seems to be locked.]

Slowly, the feeling of isolation heightened.

In the serious atmosphere, Cheongryeo and Park Moondae sat face to face in the living room and began a deep conversation.

[Um… Sunbae-nim, is it okay if I ask for advice?]

The rookie that recently became the hottest topic mentioned the process of the formation and the teamwork until his debut.

[It’s my first time talking about it in a place like this, so I didn’t know how it was.]

Also, the picture of a senior who sincerely responded to the words of a junior while being shy, saying that he had never talked about it before was quite good.

Regardless of the truth, in the strange format where strangers seemed to reveal their innermost thoughts in unusual situations, there was some touching impression that the prime-time entertainment aimed for.

– ㅠㅠIt’s a bit cheesy, but I like it

-I think idols are working hard from a young age.

– I hope all K-pop idols cheer upㅠㅠ Ah, of course, except for the bastards who appear on general news

– Leader-nim, I guess you got hungry while talking. He’s eating snacksㅋㅋ

– The only impressions I had of Moondae were from the first evaluation of Idol Inc. But it was unexpected and nice because he worded it nicely.

The broadcast seemed to end warmly like that, but then a small content was thrown and connected to the next week.

[-Next episode-]

[I think the radio is working…?]

[Bzzt- Breaking news. A felon suspect has escaped from a prison near the mountain…]

[-!]

– Oooh

– It’s serious

– Do the two of them escape the cabin? Or defense?

People were interested because they knew that it wouldn’t be too serious due to the nature of the program and that it would end with a gag at a critical moment.

And next week.

The majority of the viewers were shocked.

– What’s this how could this be

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋwhutㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– How can it be connected like this?

At first, it seemed to be going as viewers expected.

At the beginning of the broadcast, Cheongryeo and Park Moondae spent a relaxing time waiting for the police.

But soon, strangely enough, they realized that the cell phone battery had run out, and they went around the mountain cabin looking for something to send an SOS signal out of the window.

But instead of flashlights or flares, they found a radio.

[Shall we listen to this first? It seems to be working.]

[Bzzt…]

And they heard a broadcast saying that a murder suspect had escaped from prison.

The moment both of them stiffened at the sudden news.

[Thump thump!]

[!!!!]

Someone started knocking on the door.

And a dull voice was heard over the door.

[It’s the police! Please open the door!]

[…]

Due to the timing, of course, it was a development in which the escaped murder suspect was lying.

[The two people exchange glances]

– Heol, it’s more nerve-wracking than I thought

– ㅠㅠGuys, you’re all smart. Let’s not open the door carelessly

– Bring back last week’s meeting room vibe!

Fortunately, the two just approached the door cautiously.

And Park Moondae opened his mouth first.

[Please tell us your position, name, and affiliation.]

[…]

Suddenly there was silence outside the door.

And after a while

[Thump thump!]

[Hey, open the door!]

[!!!!]

– I’m scared

– It’s like an all-genre variety show

– Have they ever done it on full-scale like this before?

Viewers were a little taken aback. And then something even more surprising happened.

[Crack!]

The front door was split.

[????]

A huge question mark caption bomb appeared for a while.

[Escape at once]

Before the door could be completely broken down, the two hurriedly started running.

– Heol

– It’s more serious than I thought;

– Wasn’t this program supposed to only show skits? Why is it suddenly so scary?

The comments gradually went beyond bewilderment and began to express anxiety or bitterness, but that didn’t last long either.

It was because those two suddenly broke the window and escaped.

[This way!]

[Yes!]

The green screen attached to the window was torn apart, and the CG began to get confused.

The caption was also confused.

[Th-this…?]

[A situation where there is nothing to see]

Meanwhile, the two were holding the window frame while one of them moved the lock. They were very much in sync.

The people burst out laughing.

– Aren’t you both too immersedㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Where are the businessmen from last week?

– Guys, is it okay to break the 4th wall like that on a broadcast?

└ Destruction of the 4th wall (physics)

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

After the two ran out, the camera rushed in and caught the two who came out.

Low-cost CGs appeared in a hurry to cover filming equipment.

[The snow has melted.]

[Thanks to the warmer weather… It seems they can take off their coat]

[But it’s still pretty cold.]

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋThese people… They’re pretty shameless…

– The snow has melted because the weather is warmㅋㅋㅋ Crazyㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I was wondering what kind of snow picture it is, but the staff and the filming equipment are roughly combined using CGㅋㅋ

– Meanwhile, Moondae secretly tried to take off his padded jacket, but Cheongryeo stopped himㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└I guess he can’t because the immersion isn’t broken up to that pointㅋㅋㅋ

└No, I can’t understand the criteria…!

Contrary to the boisterous reaction of the viewers, the two continued to talk casually.

[Let’s hurry up and go down before that strange person catches on and chases after us.]

[Yes. See you next time.]

[…You’re not going to go down with me?]

[In case of emergency, it would be better for at least one person to live. Why don’t we split up?]

[Um, that’s true. I’ll see you next time.]

[Yes. Have a safe trip home, sunbae-nim]

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Otherworldly wisdom

– That’s so cool. I guess this is winter

– Is it okay for this conversation to flow like thisㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I am not a fan, I just knew that both of them got the same answer on the idol personality test… I didn’t know it would be this much…

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

While viewers burst into laughter, Cheongryeo and Park Moondae politely exchanged greetings and parted ways.

The camera briefly focused on Cheongryeo going down the mountain, then it turned around and followed Park Moondae. Park Moondae glanced at Cheongryeo who was going down and he turned around.

Then, he headed to the front door of the mountain cabin that he had just escaped from.

– ???

– What’s this

– Why are you there

Standing in front of the entrance, Park Moondae took off his coat. Inside the long padding, the clothes he was wearing were revealed.

He was dressed in a red prison uniform.

[!!!!]

Park Moondae murmured dryly.

[Ah, sunbae-nim, you are lucky.]

People who realized the situation started to scream.

-?????

– crazy crazy what is this

– Aaaaaaaa

– Heol, prison uniform

– I think I’m going crazy

– Is Moondae the runaway ninja that appeared on the radio? Aargh

Park Moondae whistled and entered the front door. Surprised exclamations were briefly inserted into the scene.

And the cut was switched.

This time it was Cheongryeo going down the mountain.

– Run away

– Cheongyeo-nim, hurry up and run

– It’s a thriller drama all of a sudden. Why are you doing this, MBSㅠㅠ

However, Cheongryeo stopped his slow steps.

And murmured.

[I couldn’t take him this time either…]

-??

– What is he

Cheongryeo sighed and started walking again. When a huge tree brushed by, there was a gap in the camera’s view for a moment.

Cheongryeo had disappeared.

And a flyer was zoomed in next to the tree where he disappeared.

[Looking for a missing person]

[Went missing during a landslide caused by heavy snowfall]

On that list… Cheongryeo’s photo was printed.

– Aaaaaaaah

– Is he a ghost?

– Oh, my God. What the hell is this?

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋOh my God

A tense BGM exploded.

[When we meet again, then…]

With that caption, the broadcast ended.

– Oh, my God

– What did I just see?

Because the development was so dramatic, people were more shocked rather than scared

– I want to have adlibs with unexpected twists, but I feel like this isn’t satisfactory

– How could you think of doing something like that with those two bad actors, MBS?

– Hiiik It’s not that they’re bad at acting, but it’s a format where they’re pretending they’re bad at it!

└? What are you talking about?

└If they’re a ghost and an escaped convict, both of them are not in distress, that’s why they were calm when they met last week, right?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Heol

People were puzzled by the complete big picture but soon began to enjoy it.

Because thinking back on it, it was funny.

– Everything is complete with the last skit

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋIt fit just like this

– Suddenly, it became the production team’s big picture

– Ahㅋㅋ This is so fun, I have to rehash last week’sㅋㅋㅋ

Although it was dramatic, people tolerated it because they were definitely immersed and had fun.

In addition, it was easy to push public opinion because both of them had such a big fandom.

– Today’s &lt;Let’s Get Close First&gt; was really fun~ I want to see VTIC Cheongryeo more often on variety shows^^ Testar Moondae fighting!

– Even though it was Park Moondae’s first time doing a solo variety show, I think he did a good job. His chemistry with Cheongryeo sunbae-nim was good, too. Recommended!

– Both Cheongryeo and Park Moondae were excellent casts. I hope you invite them again next time. (default smile emoticon)

Because entertainment articles didn’t have comment sections, the viewer’s bulletin board was booming.

Since the unconventional and funny format was well received by general viewers who didn’t know Cheongryeo or Park Moondae, the fans laughed and enjoyed the variety show’s content without much worry.

And a few days later.

A new content popped up again.

[This is Testar’s Moondae (puppy emoticon) It’s a W live]

It was Park Moondae’s first solo W-live.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!
