---
title: "Chapter 98"
category: "book"
index: 97
section: "Chapter 98"
slug: "98"
---

# Chapter 98

‘*The streaming has just started.’*

I checked the screen again to see if it looked good and sat down.

Soon people started coming in.

Since there was a slight delay, I deliberately waited for a while and then said hello when the comments started to come in.

“Hello. Um, streaming personally to the Internet like this… I think it’s the first time since that PR live.”

I deliberately spoke slowly, observing the delayed response. The comments were filled with hearts, greetings, and aggro.

‘It’s still hard to read.’

I continued the introduction.

“I was thinking about what to do… I’m nervous. First of all, I prepared something familiar to you.”

I slightly changed the angle of my smartphone and lowered it.

“Today… Tada.”

The camera lit up the view in front of me. Today’s menu, ssambap[1]Korean rice lettuce wraps , appeared.

“Mukbang together… I’ve prepared it as content.”

I lifted the spoon.

“Thank you for the meal.”

Then I put a pre-wrapped ssambap in my mouth. Um, it tasted like stir-fried spicy pork.

‘It’s nice.’

Since this was my first broadcast, I made this myself out of conscience, but this was better because it tasted familiar and was easy to eat.

‘Let’s pay attention to the audio.’

After chewing and swallowing the food in my mouth, I continued my small talk.

“I purposefully came in time for dinner, but if you have any other schedules, later… You can play this while you eat.”

– The camera angle!

– I can’t see your eyes

– Oppa, the cameraㅠㅠ

– He’s already started eating

“Ah.”

When I checked my smartphone again, perhaps due to a lockup problem, the angle had gone down to the point that my eyes were barely visible.

‘Isn’t this fine?’

There didn’t seem to be any problem in showing the eating content, but since they said they didn’t like it, I adjusted the stand and pulled the smartphone back a bit.

“Wait a minute.”

I turned the stand to secure it more firmly and tapped the smartphone.

“I think it’s done, how is it?”

As I waited calmly, the replies started to mix in the comments. My eyes quickly caught the readable ones.

– Uaah

– My idol was holding me and shaking me

– Moondae’s collarbone is straight

– Looks good

– Good

– I like it

“I guess it looks good.”

Looking at the comments responding to me shaking the smartphone, it felt like it was full of small people in here.

‘It’s pretty funny.’

I smiled, sat back down, and began to eat. Then I picked the right comments and answered from time to time.

“What’s your favorite menu? Um… I like everything that objectively tastes good. This tastes fine.”

“…’Did you order it?’, no. I just made it.”

Come to think of it, I hadn’t been cooking much lately.

Due to my schedule, I usually just bought food and ate it. To be honest, it was much more comfortable that way.

– Are you good at cooking?

– I want to eat it tooㅠ

– I came in from the chicken feet mukbang

– How did you do it?

– Gasp, homemade

– Explain the tasteㅠㅠ

Oh, the reaction was unexpectedly strong.

“I see there are people who want to eat it, so after the broadcast, I will post a simple recipe on our account. Um, but there’s no secret method… The difference from what you usually eat… I don’t think there’s any.”

I put another ssambap into my mouth. It tasted like bulgogi[2]Bulgogi, literally “fire meat”, is a gui made of thin, marinated slices of meat, most commonly beef, grilled on a barbecue or on a stove-top griddle. It is also often stir-fried in a pan in home cooking. Sirloin, rib eye, or brisket are frequently used cuts of beef for the dish. Sumber\: Wiki.

“And as for the detailed description of the taste… The sweet and spicy seasoning goes well with the meat and the rice, and the ssamjang[3]Korean spicy dipping sauce gives a slightly stimulating taste while the lettuce refreshingly completes it.”

I kept checking the comments with my eyes.

‘There are more foreign languages than I thought.’

– MOONDAE I love you♡

– No eng sub?

– hello (smiley emoticon)

– is it mukbang?

– did you got KIMCHI refrigerator?

It seemed they managed to come to the debut group’s personal broadcast.

Even though &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; did a global launch, judging from the fact that I hadn’t seen media articles that caused a stir overseas, it didn’t seem to have that much effect.

‘Did you know about us as a bonus from our activities overlapped with VTIC?’

Or maybe it was because of the swamp of the WeTube algorithm. At any rate, it was pretty amazing.

“Ah, the kimchi refrigerator. I haven’t received it yet. I’m just waiting comfortably because they’ll give it to me when the time comes.”

After that, I continued to eat by answering appropriate questions, but it was surprisingly difficult to select the ‘appropriate question’.

It was because even if I looked into it for a minute, there were quite a few cases where only the foreign languages and aggros were running rampant.

– No fun

– Eat a lot!

– Ah, of all things, it’s Gommeo

– Moondae, are you doing this with your phone?

– There’s something moving in the back

– Change the filter

Hmm, I caught something that I could answer amidst the aggro that was just being thrown.

“Ah, this is the company phone. Mine is here.”

I brought out the old smartphone that I had thrown aside and waved it in moderation in front of the camera.

And at that moment, a message suddenly came in.

Ring-

[VTIC Cheongryeo sunbae-nim]

“…”

It was some sh*tty timing.

It was a relief that the pop-up didn’t show the content.

– Cheongryeo

– Heol, Vtic

– Are you close?

– I hate it

Looking at the comments, it was already found out. I quickly sorted things out.

“Ah, Since &lt;Let’s Get Close First&gt;, I get close with sunbae-nim and greet him from time to time.”

If I don’t reply to him right away, am I going to get slandered from the VTIC’s side?

However, if I replied, my attitude might cause controversy during the first W live, so let’s ask for their understanding first.

“Now that I’ve seen it, can I reply to him for a moment?”

– You don’t have to ask for permissionㅠ

– Yes, yes

– Show me the content

– What message are you going to send?

– Are you close?

‘I’m going crazy.’

I quickly checked the contents of the message. It was just a work-related talk. I replied ‘Yes, I understand’ and quickly turned it off.

‘We need to change the subject.’

I happened to have something prepared.

I immediately found the right comment. It was a question that constantly came in since the broadcast started.

– Where are the other members?

“Hm, there are a lot of people asking about other members. Some are on schedule and some are at home. Wait a minute.”

I got up right away and went outside of the camera’s view.

And I went outside the door and brought in the guy who was already waiting in the living room.

“I brought in a friend who is at the dorm.”

“H-Hello…!”

It was Seon Ahyeon, who was shouting ‘I’ve made a big decision’ with his whole body.

After receiving counseling for a few weeks, he seemed to have gained a little courage and decided to appear, but he said he didn’t dare to appear for a long period of time yet, so I made a setup where he could stay in the middle for a while and then leave.

Fortunately, the response in the comments was good.

– Heol, Ahyeon

– Welcome, deerㅠㅠ

– I love you

– Is Chungwoo oppa not here?

– Call Eugene

Perhaps having this much rejection was fine, Seon Ahyeon’s complexion was quite stable.

Seon Ahyeon waved to the smartphone with a slightly flushed face.

“E-Everyone… How have you been?”

However, due to the delayed comment time, what Seon Ahyeon could see was mainly ‘Your face is crazy;’.

“Everyone seems to be doing well. What have you been up to lately, Seon Ahyeon?”

“Ah! I-I learned knitting…! D-Do you want me to show you?”

“That’s good.”

*Clang.* Seon Ahyeon immediately ran to his room. I asked the camera.

“…Can you give him a big round of applause if he brings out something? He’s still learning and he really likes it.”

With this, they would post a lot because it would be funny.

“H-Here is it…!”

Seon Ahyeon returned at a lightning speed and immediately held out some colorful items to the smartphone.

It was a loofah sponge. From bread to strawberries, they were sorted by type.

And as requested, people began to push down the comments with clap emoticons as soon as Seon Ahyeon returned to view.

“Ah… T-Thank you!”

Seon Ahyeon bowed his head with a bright face, not knowing that people who hadn’t seen the sponge yet were clapping because of the delay.

‘Is this enough?’

If left longer, the trauma-level hate comments that appeared at unexpected timing could destroy Seon Ahyeon’s mentality, so I thought it would be okay to let him go now.

However, as if gaining confidence, Seon Ahyeon sat down in front of the table and started explaining about the sponge.

“I… I scooped the shape first, so it looks a little weird, b-but I think the strawberries are well done.”

Just as I thought it would be difficult to stop him, someone knocked on the door.

Then the door burst open, and someone walked in.

“Moondae-ssi~ The 10-minute PR mukbang was over, but I got a report that the live is still going on~”

It was Keun Sejin.

“If you give me some ssambap, I’ll pretend it never happened.”

“I want ssambap, too!”

After that, Cha Eugene raised his hand and came in. Anyone could tell they broke in while watching the broadcast.

‘…I’m sure the meat will stay in the frying pan.’

They could just go to the kitchen and eat, the only reason they came here was to intrude into the W live.

And in an instant, the room became noisy.

“Heol! This is really delicious.”

“There’s a lot of meat in the kitchen, go eat them.”

“No, I think this tastes more delicious because it was carefully packed for this broadcast.”

“The best!”

Cha Eugene raised his thumb like a typical eating entertainment guest. And I also started to recommend ssambap to Seon Ahyeon.

Seon Ahyeon wanted to eat it, but he was starting to feel sorry. I had a headache.

“…Eat comfortably.”

“Y-Yes!”

“Hyung, I eat a lot, too?”

“Do whatever you want.”

“Yeah!”

I looked at the ssambap that was finished in an instant and told the camera.

“…Next time… I’ll prepare more portions.”

The comments were full of laughter. I’m glad you have a good laugh.

“Since we ran out of ssambap… I’ll wrap up today’s mukbang.”

Instead, I tried to come up with another content, like a question time or something, but Keun Sejin waved his hand after eating a ssambap.

“Huh? Hey, don’t do that, we’ll just pack up some ssambap for you!!”

“…!”

…So for the next 20 minutes, I moved my smartphone to the kitchen and did a ssam broadcast.

“Cha Eugene, how much lettuces did you use??”

“T-The ssam is as big as his face…”

Soon after, the other three people who had just came back from the hospital for a medical checkup joined.

“What are you all doing?”

“Hyung! Try this!”

Eventually, I turned off W live after feeding ssambap to the people who just joined in and listening to their reviews.

I wondered what the heck just happened, but I couldn’t deny that it was an interesting content considering the number of viewers was good…

‘…But I couldn’t say what I wanted to say.’

It was a side effect of having the broadcast infiltrated by intruders.

I turned on SNS instead. In the process, after a short look at the Internet, the response was quite good.

– I definitely clicked the mukbang, but when I came to my senses, I was watching the world’s best ssambap competition

– When the chicken feet video was broadcasted on W Live today, they ran excitedly

– Ah, on WeTube, he can change the name from chicken feet to ssambap from now onㅋㅋ

– Moon Puppy ripped apart the ssambap (screenshot)

‘Is this successful enough?’

I shrugged my shoulders and wrote down the promised short meat recipe for ssambap in a new post.

And I uploaded it with additional phrases.

[+ The new album preparations have begun.]

By the way, the kimchi refrigerator that was mentioned on this day was immediately received at the dorm two days later.
