---
title: "Chapter 99"
category: "book"
index: 98
section: "Chapter 99"
slug: "99"
---

# Chapter 99

Actually, I expected that the preparation for the second album would go smoothly.

It was because the company staff, who had tasted hell while preparing for the debut album, tried to start preparing for the next album early.

“We have almost filled the candidates for the songs, and within this pool, we plan to select and organize them according to the album concept. The rest will be taken out or dropped into the next album.”

“Yes.”

The only problem was that the director couldn’t abandon the self-made concept.

“Since we have plenty of time this time, please discuss the title track thoroughly and tell us.”

“Thank you.”

“All right!”

This time, he passionately delayed the production of the title track.

‘…Is it caused by the success of the debut album?’

It was clear that he thought his ideas worked well in the entertainment industry.

But it was fortunate that we had plenty of time this time. The deadline was set for more than two months, and the song was almost already out.

Thanks to that, the members’ complexion looked good.

“Let’s pick a good song this time, too.”

“I’m already looking forward to Raebin’s arrangement.”

“Thank you.”

Even if the concept was still undecided and we had to pick three songs out of twenty songs for the title track, a hopeful atmosphere was created.

…However, after a few days, I came to think that self-production was better.

* * *

“…A collab?”

“Yes, that!”

I thought it was weird from the moment the director suddenly call us, but I didn’t know such a bomb would come out.

“What… May I ask what kind of collaboration you’re talking about?”

“Now, look.”

The director held out a document with a confident look.

The big letters caught my eye first.

[New business proposal]

[Mobile game]

[T1 Place Co., Ltd.]

“…?”

“It’s a game developed by a start-up that T1 acquired as an affiliate, and I think it fits just right. The timing is perfect. If they collaborate with our Testar, you can see that there will be synergy. Yeah? It’s a game, so it’s easy to grasp the concept, isn’t it nice?”

Pouring out one line after another, the director added the last sentence with a pleased face.

“This is the internal document, I show it to you because I believe in our Testar. Stop talking, just look here.”

That kind of thing didn’t f*cking matter anyway.

‘Mobile games…?’

Please, I wished someone would tell me it was a dream.

From next to me, Ryu Chungwoo asked back in a voice as calm as possible. It seemed he was less shocked because he wasn’t familiar with mobile games.

“…By any chance, what kind of collaboration do you have in mind?…”

“Now, think about it. You’re going to make a comeback together with the release of the game. And if you go with the image that promotes each other, the interest will double, right?”

I didn’t know where this dogsh*t idea came from. Does his pituitary produce saliva instead of hormones?

‘What are you expecting from a mobile game… ’

Or did he get favors from that side?

No, unless you were an advertising model, very few people would welcome the release of an idol album that was deeply intertwined like this.

‘Because it will eat up the idol image.’

If the game were to be released in two months, it would already be almost finished, then they were going to insert content promoting unfamiliar idols? It was a perfect mess.

‘If they push this from that side, it means they’re really trying to get money from Testar’s fans and resigned to it… ’

The future of Testar’s brand image was as good as dead.

‘Mass-produced sh*t game meme will stick.’

No, how could you ask us to add game promotion content to the album in the first place?

A mobile game at that too.

I didn’t know if the director was being tricked or pressured. Either way, we were f*cked. It felt like this bastard was just making lame attempts.

“I’ve set up a meeting with them on Friday afternoon., so prepare yourself.”

“…Director, is it already decided?”

“I’ve already told everything to the higher-ups, so I’ve got it all sorted out. Our Testar just has to work hard.”

“…I understand.”

It was a confirmed kill. This meant that even if we said we wouldn’t do it, we would only have an emotional fight with the company and suck it up.

‘It’s real sh*t… ’

Should I prepare the next album in advance and get a confirmation? It was driving me crazy.

“…”

On my way out after the meeting with the director. I checked to see if anyone had a good understanding of the situation.

‘Except for the two Lee Sejin, they’re all wiped out.’

I could understand Keun Sejin, but Lee Sejin was unexpected.

‘Do you have a hobby of playing games?’

Anyway, the other four’s moods were, ‘I’m a bit taken aback, but I’ll try my best’.

It seemed they had anticipated similar hardships as the debut album. Let’s just leave it alone for now.

‘They’ll notice it if we go to the meeting on Friday anyway.’

At that moment, Keun Sejin tapped my elbow from next to me.

“…Hey, what do you think?”

“We’re screwed.”

“Haha.”

Keun Sejin laughed slowly, and eventually, an annoyed look passed across his face.

“This time, it’s for real. Right?… It’s not something that can be solved with effort.”

“…You’re right.”

“It’s too much, really…”

Keun Sejin tried to say something, but he just shut his mouth, realizing that his voice had gotten a little louder.

‘It’s a wise choice.’

I checked Lee Sejin’s reaction instead. Lee Sejin was walking with a pale face.

“…”

Is it because of the situation? It was a distressed look that I had never seen before even during &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;.

Sure enough, Cha Eugene, who was right next to him, slapped Lee Sejin on the back.

“Hyung! Are you sick?”

“…! No,… I am fine.”

Easy for him to say.

‘Should I dig it up?’

I pondered for a moment, then I gave up. He wasn’t a kid, he could take care of it.

Right now… Coming up with a solution to this damn situation was more urgent.

‘…With one bonus track, use it as the game’s theme song… ’

It wouldn’t work for the director. Damn it.

I racked my brain all the way back to the dorm, but couldn’t find any solution (of course).

However, at that moment, the game collaboration grew like a snowball due to another unexpected accident.

It wasn’t just Testar who was divided by this.

* * *

The first time it happened, T1 Stars Ent was finally registered on ‘Job Universe’ and was able to write company reviews.

Having left the company after getting burnout during the debut album preparation, several staff members wrote scathing reviews.

=========================

[Pros\: The singers work hard, the food is delicious.]

[Cons\: Unsystematic structure, the stupid mess from the higher-ups who have no entertainment experience, and unreasonable schedules that erase work-life balance.]

[Overall rating\: Only those who move to another company will survive. I hope the singers will change company too.]

=========================

This was the most recent review. One star.

Since the review of the employees from famous agencies received quite a bit of attention, this screenshot was also passed around in various communities.

– They change people too in here… I think it’s rather severe because it’s an affiliate of a large company, it’s like they keep installing stupid people above me

– Save Testar

– Huft I can only sigh

– The fans didn’t do that all-out attack for no reason

└Isn’t that the reason why the work-life balance is gone?

└There’s no mention of the fans here, so why do you keep thinking about them?

└They’re suddenly grabbing the fan’s hair;;

└You guys are like this, that’s why it wasn’t written downㅎㅎ…

Because Testar’s debut activity was successful, everyone was rather talkative.

And this screenshot even entered the anonymous web portal for office workers.

=========================

[Entertainment must be really hard]\: I am looking into changing jobs because I am interested, but I’m scared. I don’t have a relative in that field so it’s going to be hardㅠ What are the opinions of people who actually go there? (screenshot) @Entertainment

=========================

– To be honest, it’s not something I would do with this salary (MS Entertainment)

– It’s the same everywhereㅎㅎ (LeTi Entertainment)

– They give me just enough to keep me from starving to death, but the work is worth it. But this also feels stupid (Treasure Entertainment)

Somehow, the lamentations continued. However, just before this article disappeared from the front page, the person in question suddenly appeared.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋOur company. Never come here, stay… (T1 Stars Entertainment)

└Heol, you made it

└Was it really difficult?

└Yes (T1 Stars Entertainment)

└ㅜㅠㅠㅠAigoo

└ㅋㅋㅋTell me everything

The short and bold answer contained a lot.

People hung around and asked questions, and eventually, the employee was angry and spilled a lot of things.

– First of all, there are a lot of weird people at the top. I’ve met all kinds of people, but it was the first time I met someone that weird. He almost ruined the debut album. How could he come up with such a weird concept…

– He was going to bring in something weird, but it was already confirmed so I thought I had to do it… To be honest, I feel sorry for the singers

– ㅌㅅㅌThough it was nice to see, I felt bad seeing them going through so much trouble trying to convince the higher-ups during their debut… I felt so bad for them. Running around hereㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Everyone’s thinking the same thing, so I don’t think anyone will figure out who said this at least… I am so pissed off, I’ll just stop here. Never move to our company! (T1 Stars Entertainment)

Soon after, this comment was deleted after it was posted on the Hot article, but this time, the screenshot remained and was passed around.

Naturally, the fans who were waiting for the next album with excitement suddenly felt like being doused in cold water.

– What are they saying?

– Is this real?

└It’s legit, it’s a site where you need to verify with your company mail.

└Ah… I’m going crazy

Fans who were suddenly in pain rushed to watch the second episode of the reality show.

And they started to get a strange feeling from the second episode and its behind-the-scenes videos that looked like a heartwarming production journal filled with passion.

– On the reality show, did the higher-ups try to bring in something weird and the kids tried to convince them with a presentation?

– It seems the guy who brought it is the director. The man sitting in the middle. They were doing the presentation while looking at him.

– Looking at it, they left the title track Magical Boy to the kids while the company worked on the High-Five. But Raebin was involved in the High-Five’s arrangement.

– It seemed they really persuaded the higher-ups for High-Five

└Then, they reworked both songs from this point on? Less than a month left?

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋThe kids did two songs, including the concept, music video, and choreography, within a month? Are they out of their mind? Did they let the kids sleep?

└When I thought it was just Magical Boy, I was mad, but now I was twice as madㅋㅋㅋAhㅋㅋㅋㅋ

The fans who were on fire soon had chills running down their spine due to worries about the future.

– The commenter said he’s bringing in a weird concept this time too, but it’s already confirmed.

– Ah, no way

– Sigh…

– Please give the kids plenty of time and let them do it.

Frightened fans called and e-mailed the company. The question was, ‘There is a talk on the Internet that the concept of Testar’s 2nd album, which just start being prepared recently, has already been decided. Is it true?’

At first, a consistent answer came back as if they had run an answering machine, but soon, the content and format became more polite in response to the quantity that poured out.

=========================

[This is T1 Stars Entertainment.

First of all, we would like to apologize for not being able to answer your inquiry because it is a confidential matter within the company.

However, we are preparing a lot of things for Testar’s new album, and we respect the artist’s opinion…]

=========================

Of course, it wasn’t reassuring. If the album concept was undecided or Testar took charge of it, that part would have already been confirmed.

– I guess the content of the screenshot is correct

– Ah what should I do

– Give the company to Testa, that’d be better

Fans eventually started taking a bit more extreme action.

– Kwak Shinkyun is the director that came out on the reality show, right? I think you’ll get feedback if you go directly to that person.

And this choice produced tremendous results.
