---
title: "Chapter 106"
category: "book"
index: 105
section: "Chapter 106"
slug: "106"
---

# Chapter 106

Bae Sejin’s change of name received a moderate amount of attention and passed by safely.

It was because he only changed his surname, and since the new name was one of the nicknames people used to distinguish him from Keun Sejin, it didn’t create a sense of incongruity.

=========================

[Testar’s Bae Sejin really changed his name to Bae Sejin]

\: His mother’s last name is Baeㅋㅋㅋㅋ He said he changed his name in respect of his mother who raised him alone, but it’s funny that his nickname becomes his real nameㅋㅋㅋ (article link)

=========================

– Hn is this real?ㅋㅋ

– Interestingㅋㅋㅋ

– An unimaginably good sonㄴㅇㄱ

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Well, there are also personal family matters, but there are two Lee Sejin on Testar, maybe he changed it because people got confused, they can’t keep putting on the alphabet like thatㅋㅋ

-ㅋㅋㅋIt’s nice that the fans won’t get confused

However, the fans didn’t blindly love it.

Bae Sejin was not a nickname that the fans used to call him, but rather it was a nickname that spread because that was how the viewers of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; used to sarcastically call him an ‘actor’.

As time passed, the negative nuances were mostly buried, but fans who still remembered its first origin couldn’t help but feel strange.

However, after reading the full text of the article, there was a subtle atmosphere in which the fans would accept the change positively.

=========================

…According to his agency, T1 Stars Entertainment, Bae Sejin said, “I know that there is an existing nickname that overlaps with the name I am changing to now. It’s a strange thing, and I want to take this as an opportunity as well. I hope the fans can approach this nickname with a new feeling.”

=========================

This was because they could feel Bae Sejin’s willingness to break through it head-on.

– Bae Sejin’s name is like a gift from his mother, that’s how it is from now on

– I never used that nickname in case Sejin gets hurt. But Sejin is saying I can use it…

– There are a lot of people who have a bad relationship with their fathers, but our Baese is a good son. A good son to his mother and a good son to his fansㅠㅠ thump thump

– Hmm, out of two, I don’t want to change Little Sejin to that nickname, but looking from a professional point of view, I understand. It seems Sejin is a much stronger person than I thought.

Not just in Bae Sejin’s personal fandom, but within Testar’s fandom as well, they said ‘It’s nice that we won’t get confused, it’s cool and cute’ and moved on.

There was not much objection because the general atmosphere was that ‘Lee Sejins’ were not referred to by their real name in order to distinguish them.

However, Keun Sejin’s malicious fan accounts became noisy for a while.

– Ah, did he finally get his Lee Sejin’s name back? I felt like s*hit when I had to search with his nickname every time I left out his real name

– I quickly caught on to the bastard’s scheme. I was so pissed when I saw he gave himself a nickname to suit the actor’s mindㅋㅋㅋ ‘That person’ changes his name and even takes care of his image. Wow, great^^

– Don’t put a political frame on our kid, you should put it on your head.

However, this reaction only fluctuated briefly below the surface and ended.

Thus, just like Testar and the company wished, the change of name naturally settled among the public without much turbulence.

And by the time Bae Sejin’s change of name was no longer news.

The comeback date was approaching.

* * *

“Finally.”

The grad student, who had gotten released from the lab after two days of staying up all night, staggered past the front door. Her dog was enjoying a nap in the living room.

But she couldn’t sleep.

‘I have to watch Testar’s music video.’

Even though it was released at midnight yesterday, she still hadn’t seen it.

Thanks to this, all she knew was the last teaser video she saw.

That one wasn’t even much of a content because it was just a combination of short scenes similar to concept photos that were tied to one melody.

Thanks to that, she was really curious about the music video, but…

It was late anyway, so she clenched her teeth and rushed home with the thought of watching it on a big screen.

As soon as the grad student washed her face with cold water, she immediately sat down in front of the computer. And with a pounding heart, she entered Wetube.

Without further ado, as soon as she entered the popularity tab, the title that she had been waiting for appeared at the top.

[Testar(TeSTAR) ‘Airplane (Airplane)’ Official MV]

“…Whoa!!!”

She could finally see it. Finally!! She clicked on the music video right away, only looking at the thumbnail and nothing else.

The first thing that appeared was a white school hallway across the blue sky.

The fantastic screen, like an abstract painting, strangely reminded her of the previous Magical Boy concept.

But before she could take a good look at it, the cut suddenly changed to a pitch-black hallway with the same format.

‘Huh?’

The black corridor was dripping with water from all sides. Graffiti drawn with glow-in-the-dark paint and flickering emergency lights were distorted by running water and flashed strangely.

And at that moment, someone appeared at the end of the hallway.

“…!”

A dark figure stumbled and hurriedly walked forward with his hands on the wall.

The moment she thought she caught a glimpse of who it was.

The black figure suddenly outstretched his palm and covered the camera.

[…]

The screen turned black. And…

An acoustic guitar began to resound.

“…?!”

It was an unexpected, frighteningly clear sound.

And the palm fell off the screen.

A clear blue sky and a sky full of white clouds. Beneath it was an old school.

But it didn’t look unsightly.

The small school, nestled between the mountains and the trees like a painting, looked like something out of a teen novel.

And the next moment.

A boy was standing in front of the school gate.

[…]

The boy’s back seemed to hesitate for a moment, but he soon grabbed the doorknob.

The moment the door slowly started to open.

A clear, fresh voice began to sing.

– My heart is pounding.

I want to blow it somewhere

everything without leaving a single point

– Open the window now

I’m going to send it to the sky.

The paper airplane that I folded today…

The boy ran through the open door and into the hallway. The camera turned slightly sideways and showed his profile.

It was Park Moondae.

Then, the sound of a cool drum rang out.

Tang Tang! Drdrdrdrdr!

On top of that, the sound of the band and the violin filled her ears.

It was a classic instrument and a sound that would have been popular only in the early 2000s, but thanks to the modern arrangement of the beats and detailed elements taken with a synthesizer, it only had a retro sensibility without the tacky feeling.

Meanwhile, the boy, who had arrived at the door at the end of the corridor, suddenly opened the door.

Clang!

Beyond the open door was a dorm room.

Each of the boys playing looked back at the camera with their eyes wide open.

[…?]

And the video was completely transformed into a teen movie.

Testar took classes at a small rural school and enjoyed everyday life.

Every time the school area where they stayed changed, a choreography scene cut in. As if the students had cleaned it up themselves, even the desk that was slightly clumsily pushed to the corner saved the atmosphere.

‘Oh, my God.’

The graduate student already had the music video, which was mixed with youth and nostalgia, poured into her heart but this was not the end.

It was because new scenes began to mix in as they entered the second verse.

Testar began to experience minor abnormalities as they encountered specific situations and props at the school and in the forest.

For example, when Seon Ahyeon turned on the water near the playground, sparkling bubbles poured out instead of water.

“Wow…”

She admired reflexively.

It was really great to see the sparkling bulbs hovering around Seon Ahyeon in the wind…

After that, the scene showed most of the members first encountered the abilities they had shown in ‘Magical Boy’ without being too obvious.

‘What about Moondae?’

As she was worrying whether he would be skipped in the opening scene, Moondae’s ability appeared on the screen.

The moment Moondae grabbed the doorknob as he was about to follow his friends out of the music room after class, the illusion of a mysterious pattern engraved on it flickered.

And the door was locked.

‘Gasp.’

As the grad student swallowed her scream, the music video reached its climax.

The seven boys planned to use their abilities to sneak out of school during the curfew to play.

So, in the middle of a starry night.

A playful escape began.

When Keun Sejin closed his eyes and confirmed that the situation in the hallway outside was okay, Cha Eugene turned a clockwork decorated with a small bear into a human size and covered it with a blanket.

Kim Raebin carefully opened the window with a compass, made a pretty round hole in the window, and looked at his friends with an ambiguous face

.

Anyway, after many twists and turns, the boys eventually succeed in sneaking out of the school building.

The last chorus came out.

– Will you let go without holding me?

pleasure

Even regret

when it fills up again

I’ll make it again

towards you Airplane

– Airplane

A drop was added along with a modern electronic instrument, and a group dance set in a starry field as its background appeared.

And the moment the fancy choreography stopped.

The members stopped dancing and started running in the field. The storyline began to flow naturally with one uninterrupted one-take.

[Hahaha!!]

When the boys’ laughter was inserted over the accompaniment, the drum faded out.

The bridge was changed to finish the song softly.

– Far away Fly high

My heart is flying

Beyond the Milky Way

I hope you become a shining star

Ryu Chungwoo smiled and fired a toy gun into the sky.

With a cheerful sound, the bullets exploded like firecrackers and embroidered the night sky.

– Put your hands together, Pray again

Closer to you

Beyond our line

I want my hands to touch

The boys ran out into the field laughing.

The camera captured the view of their backs for quite a long time.

‘Ah… It was good.’

She relaxed and tapped the keyboard softly. It was so good, but she had no stamina.

However, the video wasn’t over yet.

The moment the music ended, the screen suddenly turned black.

“…?”

Black screen… It was in the middle of the night by the classroom window. However, outside the window, it was a pitch-black night view without stars, creating a tremendous sense of dissonance.

And instead, suddenly, a light flashed through the curtains.

“…!”

The glow-in-the-dark graffiti that she saw at the beginning of the video was filling up the curtains.

Thanks to that bleak light, she could see a figure lying face down by the window.

It was a familiar composition for Testar’s fans.

‘…Magical Boy teaser!’

The composition was the same.

…But this time, nothing magical happened.

[…]

The video ended like that.

“…Phew!”

The graduate student let out a long sigh.

‘The last part is… No, more importantly… It’s so good…!’

The song, the choreography, and even the outfit were all good!

However, due to physical problems, the detailed appreciation wasn’t completed in her head, and only the impressions floated around.

‘At times like this, you have to look at other people’s appreciation…!’

Then she would be able to relate without using her head. Excitedly, she lowered the screen to the comment window.

“…”

And seeing the screen full of English, she stiffened.

It was because of WeTube’s policy to reveal English comments at the top.

There was only one Korean comment revealed at the top.

– Looking for Koreans. Testar, I love you! (laughing and crying emoticon)

“…”

The graduate student decided to create an SNS account.
