---
title: "Chapter 126"
category: "book"
index: 125
section: "Chapter 126"
slug: "126"
---

# Chapter 126

‘…You’re going to focus on dancing.’

I got the idea.

The concert unit stage would be promoted through WeTube’s own content, and a public video would be released, so it would definitely get the fan’s attention.

Are you really better than Cha Eugene here?

There probably wouldn’t be any talks about positions like this again.

But is that possible?

“…Wouldn’t you rather get a dance break on this album?”

“Haha. Even if I am pretty good… Don’t you think it would have been better if it had been done by Ahyeon or Eugene?”

Keun Sejin immediately replied. It seemed he had been thinking about this situation for a long time.

‘…Still, a real battle with Cha Eugene is a bit much.’

It didn’t mean that Keun Sejin’s abilities were not great.

‘…Status window.’

I checked Keun Sejin’s status window for the first time in a long time.

[Name\: Lee Sejin]

Vocal\: C+ (B+)

Dance\: A (S)

Visual\: A- (A+)

Talent\: A- (A+)

Characteristic\: Be quiet (B)

!Status abnormality\:

The status window was very compliant. His growth was more noticeable in this award season as his ‘Talent’ stat entered the A-class.

‘He has jack-of-all-trades abilities.’

…The problem was that, overall, Cha Eugene’s ability was slightly backward compatible[1]backward compatibility is the ability of software or hardware to be compatible with older products and can be used as it is without separate modifications…

Except for vocal which was at the same level, All his stats were slightly lower than Cha Eugene’s.

It would be better if he had one or two higher stats, but this… It was ambiguous.

‘He’s practically get eaten up by Cha Eugene.’

He had gotten an S- stat now. He even had the black hole, a crazy OP characteristic.

In addition, he was not the type to synergize with others. He was the only one who crazily stood out.

To be honest, even I, who had a completely different position, was not very inclined to perform alone with Cha Eugene.

‘…Park Gommeo, it’s nice to hear that bastard still ticking.’

I could already hear the sound of the reward in putting all the points and raising the dance stats disappearing.

I held my breath and looked at Keun Sejin.

“…I’ll skip everything and speak frankly.”

“Yes.”

“Whether it’s you, Seon Ahyeon, or someone else, I think it’s almost impossible to stand out more than Cha Eugene in one-on-one.”

“…”

“Perhaps you’ve thought about it, too.”

It would have been better to come to room number 3 and somehow pick a part that would have drawn attention.

And yet he chose Cha Eugene… His greed and fear to prove himself seemed quite big.

Keun Sejin looked at the floor and asked dejectedly.

“…Do you think it’s impossible?”

“I think… Instead of trying to beat Cha Eugene, I think we should approach it in a different direction.”

At least there was one situation that seemed most probable.

“Just choose the stage properly. I don’t feel like comparing you and Cha Eugene to each other and comparing who is better.”

It meant that only talks like ‘That dance unit stage is really good’ should come out.

“In that situation, If you don’t fall behind in your parts, your dance position is certain.”

It might be difficult, but it was more doable than beating Cha Eugene on the duo stage.

“We have to make Cha Eugene cooperate on stage.”

“…Right.”

Ken Sejin nodded quite calmly. However, it was unclear how much strength he put into his clenched hands.

‘…Even my hands are shaking.’

This guy being so nervous and concerned, I had never seen it before even during &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;’s final.

‘It’s almost like when the rumors of his school violence broke out.’

Isn’t that a bit too much?

“Is there anything else?”

“What?”

“What I am saying right now is not about the general public opinion of the fans. I’m just talking about below the surface. You know, you seem overly nervous.”

“…”

Keun Sejin didn’t say anything for a while.

Then he laughed dejectedly.

“Am I even allowed to say this… Hey, do you know why I was left out of the debut group before? It’s because my position is ambiguous.”

“…!”

“Just before the launch, a new kid whose parents were both actors joined all of sudden. He’s well-known, so he has to be put on the team… The higher-ups said that we would make it with seven people. What was I supposed to do? One person got cut off.”

“…”

“But there was one guy on the team who danced better than me, one who was younger, one who was handsome, one who sang better, and one who rapped better. We couldn’t take out the leader because he was the leader, and in the end, my position was vague so I was the right person.”

Keun Sejin hit his thigh with his hand.

“That’s why I got left out. What was I supposed to do?… Anyway, that’s why I can’t let go. Even if things get louder and I didn’t feel sorry for falling out, it was too much… It’s funny. I was the only one who didn’t have a good deal when we renewed our contract. They were saying all sorts of things…”

Keun Sejin clicked his tongue and lowered his head. He was saying things that he wouldn’t have said in his normal state.

‘…This is a conversation that really needs alcohol in it.’

I felt a little dizzy to hear it sober.

‘Anyway, I understand the situation.’

It must have been quite a shock to have been dropped from the team right before the first debut.

Perhaps the fact that he had paid attention to the positions of ‘leader’ and ‘main dancer’ throughout &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; had more meaning than just taking care of the broadcasting footage.

‘But how should I react?’

I was a bit flustered because I heard too much.

It’s not like I could offer a solution to this story of the past. That didn’t mean I was very talented in consoling people.

…There was no point. Let’s just list the positive facts as I always did.

I held back my sigh and opened my mouth.

“First of all… Regardless of the position or stuff like that… The team just needs you.”

“What, for entertainment shows?”

“No, to cut the gossip.”

“…!”

It was sad but true.

“You know, half of our team is tactless, and more than half of them are soft-hearted. Think about it. Without you, would this team exist… What kind of situation we would be in.”

“…”

As if recalling from the one-month forced march before his debut to the recent Onyx incident, Keun Sejin was speechless for a moment.

But soon he shook his head.

“You gave almost all your opinions by yourself. I don’t think it would be a big change.”

“Well, about that, actually, I took action because I trusted you a little bit.”

“What?”

“No… I knew that if you had a worthwhile opinion, you would unconditionally set the mood.”

“…”

I felt a little awkward. I cleared my throat and continued.

“Chungwoo is the leader. But if I have to choose the person most suitable for team play, it would be you. Whether on stage, broadcast, inside or outside the team… It’s really rare for anyone to do their part in all kinds of situations.”

I finished my speech.

“A member with a good hexagonal balance is also necessary for an idol group. Well… I’m just saying.”

“…”

After hearing me out, Keun Sejin shut his mouth and turned his head in the opposite direction.

‘You can’t be crying, right?’

I hoped he didn’t cry. It was going to be really weird.

And a moment later, Keun Sejin really couldn’t resist and burst out.

Laughing, not crying.

“Ahaha! You’re so cheesy right now!”

“…Are you laughing?”

“Pfft, hey, wouldn’t you laugh at this situation?! A guy like Park Moondae is saying all sorts of things to console me!”

Even if this bastard gave me the best compliments, I’d be damned.

Big Sejin stopped laughing before he could be slammed with a neck pillow.

“Hahaha, really… Whoo, anyway, I get it. It’s funny, but… It comforts my heart. Hey, that’s amazing.”

Keun Sejin smiled, then he suddenly crossed his arms and muttered in a deliberately exaggerated voice.

“But wouldn’t it be useless if the fans don’t know that Sejin is such a great idol? Should I get Chungwoo hyung’s leader position?”

Don’t pretend you’re joking, you bastard.

I answered as calmly as I could.

“You already know most of it. You’re worried that the opinions you’ve seen will spread to other fans, but… In fact, on the contrary, I think you have an advantage in a long-term battle.”

“…Really?”

“Yeah. The fact that you don’t have any weaknesses will be more apparent as years accumulate.”

It was also a trend confirmed in the actual data market.

When a time came when the demand for each member fluctuated, the type that was especially good at defense was that kind of person.

Keun Sejin looked as though he couldn’t fully trust this statement. But he smiled and nodded.

“…Okay. I’ll think of it like that and do my best on stage~”

Still, he sounded sincere.

Anyway, he seemed to have made a conclusion in his mind, so he should be able to receive the characteristic effect.

[Be quiet (B)]

\: Let’s not make excuses!

– Propulsion +100%

Looking at the name alone, I thought it might be a characteristic related to public opinion due to Keun Sejin’s inclination, but I was a little surprised.

‘Well, that suits him too.’

Maybe not making excuse was referring to him and everyone around him.

While preparing for this unit stage, it must have been a similar stance to Cha Eugene.

‘…He’s going to be gentle and soothing, and he’ll pick out only the elements he wants.’

I wondered how far he would go.

“Then I’ll go up now. Come up when it’s all sorted out.”

“What are you saying when you’re the one who sorted out everything? Hey, let’s go up together!”

“…”

Keun Sejin stretched forward and prepared to get out of the car.

Looking at that hand, I suddenly remembered the image of him manipulating the card.

“…Come to think of it, how did you mark the card?”

“What?”

“The card to decide the unit. The one you manipulated.”

“Ah~ Heol? Hold on.”

Keun Sejin giggled.

“Hey, I didn’t manipulate it!”

“…!”

“I remembered the scratch shape on the back while touching the card~ I’m smart… Aigoo, it’s my brain’s fault!”

I’m glad you didn’t go as far as manipulating it… For some reason, I felt hot.

As we got out of the car and walked into the waiting room, Keun Sejin giggled a few more times.

And in front of the waiting room, he spoke a little seriously.

“Anyway… I feel more grateful. I wasn’t just referring to when you tried to listen to my situation even though you thought I manipulated the card.”

“…If the concert goes well, buy me a cow.”

Big Sejin burst into laughter.

“Yes. Just a cow? I will buy Korean beef.”

“Okay.”

“…Tell me if you have any concerns.”

“…”

It was my problem.

I thought about explaining my situation to these guys for a moment.

…Hmm, I guessed my activities would be suspended and I would have to make a psychiatric appointment from that day on.

As expected, I would just pretend it didn’t exist.

“Yes, if I have one.”

“Oh~ The confidence of not having one yet!”

Keun Sejin smiled and entered the waiting room.

Perhaps the manager had grasped the situation, he confirmed that Keun Sejin had returned in a good condition, and gave me a small thumbs-up.

‘Keun Sejin can see it all.’

Anyway, the waiting time was peaceful afterward. Because all the members except Kim Raebin didn’t even make eye contact with Gyrop.

And on this day, Testar won the Album of the Year 4th Quarter Award and the Rookie of the Year Award.

“Thank you very much! Last week, we celebrated our 200th day since our debut…”

While waiting for my next turn after Keun Sejin held the microphone and talked like a fluent speaker, I finally received the news I had been waiting for.

[Succesfully won the award!]

You have successfully won the Rookie of the Year Award in the recognition of the public, the ‘most prestigious domestic award ceremony’!

!Time limit\: Fulfilled (great success)

!Status abnormality\: ‘Win an award or die’ removed!

\: Check the truth ☜ Click!
