---
title: "Chapter 128"
category: "book"
index: 127
section: "Chapter 128"
slug: "128"
---

# Chapter 128

“Are you all ready?”

“Of course~”

“Do it right away!”

Answers filled with confidence responded to Ryu Chungwoo’s question.

There were only us and the staff in the rented PC room for this ‘Concert Ticket Purchase by Testar’ content.

And the guys, each with a PC, sat there with faces that seemed to be dying of joy, as if shouting, ‘We’re going to have a concert soon!’.

“The seats we reserve today will be sent to Loviewer along with our autographs through a lottery!”

“I’ll try to get a good spot!”

There was tension, but I couldn’t find solemnity.

‘They must have thought they’ll get a corner seat in the worst-case scenario.’

In fact, in their opinion, it was only natural because 26,000 people could be mobilized for both days this time.

In other words, there were 13,000 seats available for each day of the concert.

There was a strange conviction among them, saying, ‘Can’t you even get one out of 13,000 when you’re trying to book a ticket with the latest computer?’.

But of course, I was skeptical.

‘I think they’re all going to fail.’

I could tell just by listening to their conversation.

“Oh, it opens at 8 o’clock… We can go in right at 8, right?”

“I think so.”

“I want to be on the first floor!”

“…”

It would end with loading at the entry without even being able to look at the seat screen.

At best, there would be one or two who took the back seats.

‘…As expected, I have to get it.’

If we all failed, the picture would be weird.

For diversity, it would be better for one or two to succeed.

But actually, I’d rarely ever been to a concert myself. How many times I had received a one-on-one order at most and pulled out the data?

However, if it was proxy ticketing, I’d tried that quite a few times.

And the odds were good.

‘It was nice to get an expensive meal.’

I quit because the probability of getting caught in the law was too high.

Proxy ticketing was not a gray area, it was just plain crime.

Anyway, I thought it was possible again this time.

Then, sitting next to me, Seon Ahyeon quietly spoke. Looking at the screen, it seemed he had finally accessed the ticketing site.

“M-Moondae. Which area are you going to pick?”

“Hmm… I’m thinking of trying section 8 on the 2nd floor.”

“S-Second floor?”

“Aren’t you trying to make it too easy~?”

“Let’s take the first floor together!”

Those who overheard the conversation came to meddle. They poured out brave remarks, unaware of the reality.

However, Seon Ahyeon nodded eagerly.

“T-Then me too… 2nd floor? H-How do I do it?”

The attitude of acknowledging his lack of experience and seeking advice clearly stood out.

‘…Shall I tell you what I know?’

I simply gave him advice on server time and site settings.

“Once you enter this site and click on the Afterpark address…”

“Oh, Moondae is teaching something!”

“I want to listen too!”

“I’d like to know.”

“…The server time of the booking site comes out, and you can think of the booking time based on that.”

There were a lot of interruptions. I was done talking.

“I-I got it!”

Seon Ahyeon immediately operated his PC, and soon after, the Afterpark server time appeared along with the server name.

[Magical Boy Testar’s Magic seat already selected]

[February 26th 19\:47\:49]

“Oh!”

The guys got excited and copied the site. Ryu Chungwoo and Bae Sejin started snooping around and learning how to do it.

‘Hmm, it’s better than coming in blindfolded.’

There were only 10 minutes left until the ticket sales started. I quickly briefed on what I knew.

“And the booking site opens several tabs for each web browser, and from 59 seconds right before the time is up…”

By the time the summary explanation was over, they started to feel a little solemn.

“I-It takes a lot of preparation…”

“If Moondae hadn’t investigated, we could all have failed, right?”

I guessed it was because my explanations were more detailed than they thought and the nuances were tinged with urgency.

And the atmosphere intensified as the announced time approached.

“There are three minutes left.”

“Gasp.”

“Let’s find a good spot and send it to Loviewers~”

“I’ll do my best!”

“F-Fighting…!”

It seemed they had already forgotten that even if they didn’t manage to catch one, the tickets would still go to Loviewers.

Well, if you did make a mistake, you could go to the proxy ticketing… There was a possibility of supplementation probability.

I shrugged and fixed the mouse.

In the camera’s blind spot, the staff gestured to give a countdown signal.

“10! 9! 8!…… 3! 2! 1!”

Speaking along with numbers with my mouth, I started refreshing the tabs one by one right before the time was up.

“…!”

And… nothing happened.

Because the screen froze.

‘It’s over.’

No, really, there was no other way to explain it.

Endless loading continued on all tabs. I thought it would change if the traffic eased up a bit, so I went back and forth in the browser for about seven minutes to watch the situation more, but nothing changed.

The surroundings were noisy, too. It seemed no one had seen the page.

‘I think this server has crashed.’

I threw away my PC and turned on the mobile app.

[41,502 people are on standby]

It was a sentence of defeat.

“…”

I tried to refrain from using my phone because I was in the middle of filming, but checking the app late was a mistake…

‘…I failed?’

Not the other guys. I… didn’t even get a single spot?

I couldn’t believe it.

‘…I had also succeeded in the VTIC concert.’

Even though it was three years ago, they were still top tier…!

At that time, the server had crashed, but I still remember how I had changed the tab and pushed in.

But I didn’t know why it didn’t work right now.

‘…It’s the ticket for my concert.’

To be honest, I was a bit flustered.

I checked my PC and app again a few more times before accepting the reality in front of the empty screen.

‘It can’t be helped.’

…It was a pity that I couldn’t send a ticket, though.

Even someone like me was helpless, so the chances of others making it were extremely low…

“O-Oh?”

At that moment, sitting next to me, Seon Ahyeon started to move his mouse with a shriek.

Looking at it, his screen had gone over to the payment window.

“…!”

“Heol, did Ahyeon make it?”

“What kind of trick did you use?!”

“I-I don’t know… I-I did as Moondae told me…!”

Seon Ahyeon responded to the crowd with a flustered face but began to take steps as instructed.

After entering the personal information that he had copied in advance, he selected the payment method and moved on to the next page.

Even the location was scheduled in the middle of the second floor.

“Wow, awesome!”

“Ahyeon has succeeded.”

“…I’m glad. At least one person made it.”

The members had already entered a celebratory atmosphere, tapping Sun Ahyeon on the shoulder.

“…”

However, I looked bitterly at Seon Ahyeon’s screen.

Keun Sejin suddenly hit my back.

“Wow, Moondaemoondae, are you upset that Ahyeon is the only one who succeeded when you prepared hard?”

Seon Ahyeon was taken aback.

“I-It’s because Moondae taught me well…! I-It’s no different from what Moondae did…”

“No, it’s not that…”

Seon Ahyeon’s PC screen changed before I could explain it.

Sure enough, the phrase came up.

[An error occurred while the payment was in progress.]

“…”

“…”

There was a deadly silence. I knew this would happen.

‘…The loading was too long.’

If the loading was too short or too long, it usually ended up like this.

Seon Ahyeon could not accept the situation and stood firm. The other guys also didn’t seem to have come back to their senses.

‘…There must be quite a lot of votes that bounced off the payment stage.’

I checked some of the ticketing pages again just in case.

There was only a white screen still remaining.

‘Sh*t.’

Is there anyone who succeeded?

It seemed that the server went down because the ticketing site had failed to predict the traffic, but then that meant everyone could have been looking at the same screen.

I guessed calmly.

‘Maybe there are a lot of people who haven’t booked the tickets properly yet.’

Of course not.

The booking page that was finally accessible 3 minutes later proved it.

[0 seats]

“…”

A surprising number of people had succeeded in booking through this trashy server.

“Really?”

“This is the end…?”

It was over.

And like a lie, articles about the sold-out tickets started popping up.

[All tickets for Testar’s first concert are sold out]

[26,000 seats sold out… Testar’s concert even caused a server failure]

[Testa’s first concert, only 10 minutes for all tickets to get sold out on both days]

That’s right.

I just… lost to the fans in ticketing.

That I couldn’t even look at the seats was a completely terrible defeat.

Data seller 1 extra lose…

* * *

Testar’s first concert.

Fans were full of expectations and happiness, but it wasn’t big news to the public. Because they usually went to idol concerts without thinking much about it.

Furthermore, Testar had announced the date of their comeback. As the attention was focused on this news, the concert itself seemed to pass quietly without much objection.

…Until Testar’s failed ticketing video was uploaded.

=========================

[Idols who got wiped out after trying to get tickets for their own concertㅋㅋㅋ.jpg]

\: Seon Ahyeon, who went all the way to the payment window, also got an error and it was over for himㅋㅋㅋ

Testar’s souls leaving their bodies (screenshot)

=========================

– Oh my goshㅋㅋㅋ

– They’re almost sobbingㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s funnier when you watch the video. Testar was about to go crazy.

– It’s hilarious that they apologized at the end for not having any tickets to send. I thought it was a thumbnail of some WeTuber’s apology videosㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s the server’s faultㅠㅠㅋㅋㅋ

-Testar who was confident the day before yesterday and declared war (screenshot)

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Reality\: power outage

– No, it’s so cute and relatableㅋㅋㅋ

– My kids went through the same thing as me! But you guys will be at the concert, right? I… don’t have… a ticket…

└Aah… ㅠㅠ

└Good luck with canceling the reservation…

Testar’s ticketing fiasco became a hot topic in a funny sense because it had failed so spectacularly.

In particular, the reactions to the member who had failed despite having prepared his best kept pouring out.

That member was Park Moondae.

– But Park Moondae really did enough. I didn’t know he’d turn on a multi-browser and the appㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└I think he would have gotten one, but he was out of luck with the server… But it was cute that he got so shockedㅎ

– Since the days of Park Moondae’s chicken feet, he always looks like he was just going to do it in moderation, so why is he so serious about all the activities?ㅋㅋ

└If you pretend to be calm and fail, it’s best to break downㅠ

└As if on purpose

└Why would a handsome main vocalist do that, hater…

– Moon Puppy is not at fault. The fault lies with the Afterpark server.

– Park Moondae was so excited with his self-investigation that his eyes were sparkling like a puppy when he shared it, but after he failed, he turned into a Tibetan foxㅋㅋㅋ

└ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└As expected, the puppy is only for external use. When the Tibetan fox emoticon comes out, the trend will turn over.

People mingled with the fans and talked about Park Moondae and Testar’s cuteness for a long time.

Fans enjoyed the warm and cute atmosphere of the sales, but at the same time, they cried over the poor ticketing server and its failure.

Then, an unexpected effect occurred.

Testar’s concert-related content was also drawing attention.

– Oh, are they going to release the unit stage on WeTube? If it comes up, please upload it here. It reminds me of Idol Inc and makes me want to reminisce

– The new song is also released for the first time there, so it seems they are preparing a lot for Testar’s concertㅋㅋㅋ

└ I think that’s why when this ticketing event failed, they got even more depressedㅋㅋㅋ

└I was going to send you a ticket, but I don’t have one…!

└That’s so funnyㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I’ll look forward to how the concert is going to be heldㅋㅋㅋ

And before the atmosphere subsided, concert trailer videos and unit stage production reality poured into WeTube.

Even the VOD service announcement was posted early, absorbing the overflowing demand for the concert.

The atmosphere was at its peak.

– T1 actually works properly. What’s going on?

– I’m going crazy, looking forward to the concert

– We did a good job changing the directorㅠㅠ

Thanks to this, the fans greeted the first day of the concert with excitement and anticipation.
