---
title: "Chapter 130"
category: "book"
index: 129
section: "Chapter 130"
slug: "130"
---

# Chapter 130

People who couldn’t get tickets for Testar’s concert appeared everywhere.

– I’m looking for tickets for the last concert on the 31st. Of course, there isn’t anyㅠ

– Please make an additional schedule. Even if it’s during working hours, it’s fine

– I don’t have a ticket, but I just look around onceㅎ. There are so many people like me, it’s funnyㅋㅋㅋ Actually, it’s not funny (photo)

There were so many, many of them.

In addition, including those interested in the concert, the number doubled.

– Ah Testar’s concert is today?

They didn’t have any intention to book the ticket but they were curious about the stage.

Because Testar’s ticketing video became a hot topic for a while, the public awareness that was already formed with &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; was able to reach the concert.

Thanks to this, the concert was being broadcasted as recordings or low-definition mobile phone videos on all kinds of communities and SNS.

– Oh wire

– Park Mundae is really good at live

– Is that Seon Ahyeon that just passed by above? It was so cool, but the person who was recording shook the screen, so I couldn’t see it well… That’s too bad

Of course, it was illegal, but the quality was not good enough to affect the demand for concert VOD anyway, so this atmosphere sneakily slipped by.

As a result, even people who didn’t go to the concert could talk to their heart’s content about Testar’s concert.

– They already finished the title tracks? What are they going to do with the second half of the concert?

– Let me know when the b-sides are overㅋㅋㅋ

-Testar is dancing really hard. As expected, the first concert is good. The first concert anniversary is like this… ㅎ

– Wow, the color of the stageㅋㅋㅋ T1 spent some moneyㅋㅋ

Of course, it wasn’t just people with favorable interests.

– Ah… Testar’s live is worse than I thoughtㅠ I was looking forward to the stage so much, but it’s so sloppy. I’ll have to consider the broadcast editing from now on.

└Where are you, bastard?

└You’re a very good judge as someone who is only overhearing the broadcastㅋㅋㅋ

└Why are the fans so aggressive? Stop silencing them

└Why would you find Testar’s fans here?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└They’re busy running to the concert but here you are, pulling hair alone

└Hey, let’s take a look at this, the quality is too bad

Aggro attempts were repeatedly blocked.

Because unless it was really a failure, there was a limit to talking about one’s skills through pirate videos that were not officially broadcasted.

But interestingly enough, what the members were really good at was clearly obvious.

– What’s with the cowboyㅋㅋㅋ It’s awesome.

– It hit just right

– I knew this stage would be fun since the moment I saw the forming of the unit team, it’s the dance lineㅇㅇ

– I really want to see this.

After the first unit stage was over, the favorable reviews for the stage led to expectations for the next unit stage.

But it didn’t last long.

– What are the rest of the units going to doㅋㅋㅋ

– There’s no telling who’s next. Is it Chungwoo-Raebin or Moondae-Ahyeon-Baese?

└Either of the two lol

└Oh, I don’t know what performance they’re going to do.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㄹㅇ

└I watched the reality show, but I couldn’t guess. Both of them chose some old song.

Because it was a combination of members whose main positions didn’t overlap, no specific picture was drawn.

Therefore, expectations for the next unit stage faded as they reacted to the next stage.

– Bill will come out.

– Was that a giant golden flag just now? Is that Cha Eugene who got on it? They’re preserving the taste of real capital.

– Wow, they will perform the 127 collaboration song too, niceㅠㅠ

– It would be nice if they release the music of the band’s live arrangement

– Testar, did you even rest? The group dance continuously keeps up

People were immersed in the concert broadcast, enjoying the group stage of intense performances that continued after a ballad.

It was around this time that the mid-talk began again.

However, there were only two people holding the microphone.

– ??

– Where is everyone?

– Is that Cha Eugene and Keun Sejin?

Even if they were breathing heavily, those two opened their mouths with big smiles.

[He-Hello, huft!]

[Haa, huft, it hurts inside here! But it feels great!]

[Eugene is out of breath, but he’s happy to see everyone!]

[That’s right!]

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋCha Eugene is so cute, he’s the best

– Catch your breath before speaking ㅋㅋㅋ

– It reminds me of Idol Incㅠㅠ

└Can you let go of Idol Inc now…

Among the audience who actively responded with all sorts of positive reactions, the two announced the next stage after exchanging light jokes.

[Next is…]

[Next!]

[It’s the second unit stage~!]

The two laughed and ran down the stage, leaving a message ‘See the details on the screen’ to the cheering audience.

Then a few seconds later, three people appeared on the screen.

[Is the screen on?]

The features of the screen were clearly visible even to the people who peeped through the broadcast.

– It’s Park Moondae’s unit

– Ooh

– I wonder what they’re going to show

– Seon Ahyeon’s dance, Park Moondae’s song, Bae Sejin’s… Acting…?

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– What the hell did you prepare… It’s most likely a vocal performance centered on Park Moondae.

– Because of the song they chose, I think it would be super boringㅠㅠ

People waited for the second unit’s VCR to end, adding one word at a time.

[The song we prepared… Miso sunbae-nim’s &lt;You’re Amazing&gt;]

[Let’s start now!]

After the three of them waved their hands, the screen turned off.

And a little later.

The broadcast screen began to shake like crazy.

-???

– What’s this?

– What’s wrong with the broadcast?

At the same time, the sound of ‘Huh? Huh?’ passed by in an instant, filled with cheers and screams that seemed as though they were about to burst.

The shouts turned to low-pitched sounds, creating tremendous noise to the point they couldn’t hear the singing voice properly

– Heol, what’s this?

– Am I the only one who finds the broadcast weird?

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋLook at this reaction

– No what did they do

– Did they strip?

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋAh, are you crazy?

– I’m so curious. Crazyㅠㅠㅠ

The people who watched the concert through the broadcast were surprised and excited by the huge reaction.

They didn’t know what it was, but it was certain that something great had happened.

Even some video broadcasts were cut off altogether.

– Wahㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Where did the broadcast go

– They must have dropped the phone, the screen turned blankㅋㅠ

– Who knows what’s going onㅠㅠ

– I can only hear screams on the sound broadcastㅋㅋㅋㅋ

Amidst the reactions full of confusion, a post containing the circumstance was finally uploaded.

=========================

[Crazy Park Moondae]

The last thing I saw before the broadcast went off

(Photo)

=========================

Park Moondae in the attached photo… He was wearing a shiny pink sequined ribbon strap!

* * *

Inside the gymnastics stadium where the concert was being held.

The second unit’s stage began with a spotlight on phone booths.

Screech.

The three telephone booths were in quiet pastel tones, raised onto the stage by lift devices.

‘Definitely! I’ll definitely record it!’

Park Moondae’s homma grabbed the camera and swallowed her saliva. And then she deduced in an instant.

‘Is it a concept where they lean against the booth and sing?’

It was an emotional song from the 80s, so she thought they might make a slow arrangement with it.

‘I hope Moondae has lots and lots of parts!’

At that moment, the prelude came out.

The refreshing sound of the xylophone and the lively sound of synthbras cheerfully disturbed the beat.

To that exciting beat, the doors of the booths opened one after another.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

All kinds of gaudy decorations, flower petals, and balloons popped up onto the stage from each booth.

“…?!”

And through the glitter, she could see a figure leaning against the booth.

‘Blonde!’

Park Moondae was in the middle booth.

…With fit jeans, a white T-shirt, and a loose jean jacket under his shoulders!

‘Your outfit!’

The moment the homma wa going to pick up her camera, Park Moondae began to walk out of the booth.

Immediately after the choreography, the first verse began.

– Woo! I can hear the heart!

The trembling of the shy heart

In case you can hear it

My lips close tightly

As soon as Park Moondae started singing with a smile on his eyes, he took out what he was hiding behind his back and put it on top of his blonde hair.

It was a shiny… huge ribbon.

“Gasp!”

A choreography with cute gestures that seemed impossible to try without having the talent was unfolding with a refreshing feeling while they used their bodies flexibly.

Meanwhile, a pale face was caught on the huge screen. Under Park Moondae’s eyes, there was even a sparkling glitter sticker.

‘Crazy! Park Moondae is crazy!’

The 80’s female solo song was interpreted in a fully classic idol style!

– I can’t sleep because my heart is tickling

Should I approach first?

How are you today?

What are you thinking about?

Bae Sejin sang the next part. A sky-blue ribbon was also placed on top of his head.

Because the choreography was flexible and focused on pretty lines, Bae Sejin, who was slightly lacking in strength, was able to perform well.

In addition, his expression was so good that her eyes were drawn to his face.

– That’s when you appeared.

I can’t say anything.

Your embracing arms

It’s so hot my heart beats

Then Seon Ahyeon came out and sang the pre-chorus with a soft voice. A purple ribbon fluttered on his head.

‘Crazy face… ’

The blue jacket and the white T-shirt were born for Seon Ahyeon.

And the chorus came in all together.

Following the choreography, the blue jacket was hung over the shoulder and then went down again under the elbow.

The white t-shirt was short-sleeved.

– Wow, that’s amazing!

Everything about you

My heart beats every day!

I can’t fall asleep today

Outfit, hair, direction, choreography, and arrangement.

She could feel their determination to show the idol’s amazing talent.

And that determination worked pretty well.

It was thanks to their faces and talents that they could perform excessive elements without being too much, even if it was just a little bit off.

Thanks to that, the audience watching the stage was feeling very satisfied and over-immersed.

‘Ah… ’

The homma, who was watching the stage by only fixing the angle without checking the fancam, suddenly realized that the surroundings were full of tremendous screams and groan.

She didn’t even realize it had been so noisy while watching Park Moondae, who was 200% cute.

‘…I must have screamed too, right?’

Perhaps her vivid scream was also recorded in the fancam.

‘But if there’s a fan who watched that and held back their scream! That! Isn’t that person strange?’

She held back her scream and didn’t take her eyes off the stage even in the second verse.

The three idols, who even ripped balloons from the phone booth, finished the stage splendidly by showing some good choreography with balloon strings.

“Aahh…”

The homma staggered and leaned against the backrest, and only then did she realize that the unit also did a superb job of singing live with a female vocalist’s one key.

It was a side effect of the talent show.

* * *

“T-The fans loved it!”

As soon as he came down from the stage, Seon Ahyeon shouted with an excited face. He sounded fully convinced, which was rare.

‘Well, it’s hard not to be sure about it after listening to that.’

The cheers coming through the in-ear were incredible. It was so loud that I was almost half a beat late when we entered the chorus of the second verse.

Bae Sejin, who was suffering from a sense of shame at the beginning of the practice, also calmly admitted while tearing off his headband.

“The concept… was a good idea, indeed.”

“Y-Yes…!”

Seon Ahyeon strongly agreed. Anyone who saw it would think it was his idea.

‘Well, it’s those two who selected the song… To some extent, it’s true that it was Seon Ahyeon’s idea.’

I suggested this concept only after they selected the song.

‘I thought this would suit the concert the best.’

And this choice… was also a matter of the concert’s overall composition.

‘We didn’t have any song to relax the mood.’

Hi-five was an exciting song, and the rest of the lineup was a little too overwhelming.

That meant that it was necessary to add a song in the middle that could be laughed at.

I thought the reaction would be good because it would freshen up the atmosphere, but… Well, I was a little surprised because the reaction was better than I thought.

‘…And it was fun.’

But I didn’t have time to get lost in my thoughts. I needed to change my clothes and get my makeup done before the VCR ended.

In fact, I was already moving now while talking.

“Hey~ The ribbon was so cool!”

“It was exciting!”

When we ran and matched the next line, the rest of the members who were already waiting threw a word one by one.

I took my spot and accepted their words in moderation. The members laughed as they checked each other’s outfits.

“I’m looking forward to this song.”

“Me too.”

Everyone knew there was no time, so the conversation was cut off.

Whoo-

The stage setting in front of me opened, and the audience seats unfolded.

Glittering lights were swaying throughout the vast space. My adrenaline shot up at the sight that seemed to belong to some kind of sci-fi movie.

In the midst of renewed cheers, I started the first verse.

– The waiting is long

I always enjoy

&lt;Idol Inc.&gt;’s third team match.

The Moon Rabbit team’s ‘I like waiting’ resonated at the gymnastics stadium.
