---
title: "Chapter 139"
category: "book"
index: 138
section: "Chapter 139"
slug: "139"
---

# Chapter 139

As expected, the dance initiation ceremony, in which the two of us suddenly attacked the MC in reverse, didn’t get cut off and came out well.

[The DJ blanked out due to pouring compliments]

[23 years of entertainment, a crushing defeat to the pink fairies who appeared for the first time]

It was mainly edited with a composition that caricatured the MC, but it still had a good impact.

[Are all rookies like this these days?]

[Scary… So scary!]

…I received CG with fluorescent wings and captions like this.

The members, who regained the sound after promising to ‘not burst into laughter every time it appears’, twitched their mouths and cleared their throats.

“Haha, hmm, you did a good job on the variety show.”

“Excellent, great!”

“Hyung is a scary person. That’s cool!”

“…Yeah, thank you.”

Cha Eugene seemed to have creatively interpreted the caption’s ‘scary’ as ‘threateningly superior’.

Anyway, embarrassment aside, it was picked out well.

The reaction of the viewers who were checking in real time was also very good.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋWhy do you guys do thatㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– DJ Choi is deadㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– What the heck are you doing

– I can hear the staff laughingㅋㅋㅋ

– What’s with the wingsㅋㅋㅋ I must be crazy, I laugh so hardㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Wow, that’s a great spirit.

– I think they would have grilled Vtic alive.

Just in time, the two VTICs appeared on the screen and performed a great dance.

10 seconds later, they couldn’t beat the compliments and crawled around.

“…Hmm.”

It was kind of funny, too.

‘Vtic fans will be satisfied as well.’

As I gave a generous evaluation, the doppelganger team match began with a twist.

[Since you have the same body, you should be punished together~ You’re a doppelganger! That’s why it’s called &lt;One heart two bodies&gt;!]

It was fun, but in the first half of this game, there was nothing more to be salvaged with the best cut.

I just played the game hard, so naturally, I only got a few cuts and a bewildered reaction at Vtic’s self-destruction.

“Why didn’t you have the wings?”

“It’s dangerous, so we left it out.”

“Aha!”

With this cool conversation, this week’s &lt;Saturday Party&gt; monitoring was over.

“You two did a great job in the variety show.”

“I-It was fun…!”

It was a generous evaluation, but it was a little too early to hear it when next week’s episode hadn’t even come out yet.

“Aigoo, thank you! Please watch the show again next week~”

“Haha, okay.”

Ryu Chungwoo replied with a smile to Keun Sejin’s quip. He couldn’t imagine what he was going to see next week.

The Internet response was only moderate, with the fans having an expectation for the next week’s episode.

Even among general viewers, thanks to our intense appearance, the majority of favorable impressions were ‘The two Testar are fun~’.

Hmm, that was fine. It would work better if they didn’t expect too much.

I got up in front of the sofa stretching.

‘I’ll have to wait another week.’

As long as there were no major problems, it would go smoothly.

But after that, the situation that I had been fearing finally happened.

The public opinion of me began to falter.

* * *

While Park Moondae waited for the next episode of &lt;Saturday Party&gt;, the Internet became noisy again.

This was because, as predicted by Park Moondae, the case of the person who exposed Choi Wongil’s recording was not properly completed.

That person uploaded a post this time. It was a testimonial about Choi Wongil’s notoriety in Idol Inc along with a staff certification.

– Heol, it was a staff

– They said the conversation was cut off because they pressed the recording button in between, not making a recording.

– Choi Wongil is scary. Didn’t he threaten Moondae?ㅠ

– I guess I should skip that agency.

But it couldn’t even last for a few days.

The identity of the person who exposed the recording was exposed due to metadata that couldn’t be erased.

=========================

[It’s crazy, the person who exposed Choi Wongil is trash]

\: (screenshot) See the original address of the image in the corner here? The end part seems like an ID, so I googled it and everything came up ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– They’re a sick unemployed mythomaniac who looked down on people

Stealing staff ID cards, too.

(screenshot)

=========================

And immediately, a notice of the company’s progress on the complaint was posted.

It was widely believed that ‘the person who exposed it had no acquaintance with Choi Wongil, and they accidentally listened to the conversation during their daily part-time job and recorded it’.

At the same time, Choi Wongil’s agency posted clarifications anonymously in each community and began to inform the identity of the exposer as provocatively as possible.

[The person who spread Choi Wongil’s rumors = Famous for looking down on other people]

[The one who exposed Choi Wongil’s recording, more terrible than you can imagine]

After the work was completed, public opinion finally began to show sympathy for Choi Wongil.

– I feel sorry for Choi Wongil, I’m so disgusted;

– It’s really scary. It’s been a while since Idol Inc ended but the kids are still struggling because of the evil editingㅠㅠ

– Listening to the recording now, number 1 is so sad… He must have gone through a lot.

Naturally, as the attention of public opinion shifted, the sympathy and high evaluation toward Park Moondae faded.

And there were people waiting for this moment.

=========================

[They’re divided over Park Moondae and Choi Wongil]

\: This is Idol Inc’s behind-the-scenes video that was uploaded after the show ended (screenshot)

During the first team match, Park Moondae did the bridge that was originally Choi Wongil’s part. Park Moondae glanced at Choi Wongil while saying that he would arrange this part alone.

By the way, he rearranged this part into a super high-pitched tone by himself and won the prize

(screenshot of Choi Wongil’s flustered face)

‘Park Moondae must be Choi Wongil’s enemy’ vs. ‘It’s just my speculation and reason’

What do you think?

=========================

– The bullshit starts again

– Why are you posting this now? To pick a fight?

└Do I have to pick the right timing to post while looking at the fans?

– Where are the opinions dividedㅋㅋㅋㅋYou want to divide us

Most of the comments were mainly stopping the uploader from saying things that didn’t even work, but there were also a lot of haters trying to ride the flow.

– Oh, Park Moondae is shadier than I thought…

– I thought everyone knew he was a fox pretending to be a bearㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– He’s really good at building his image. Honestly, I think Choi Wongil’s clarification this time was calculated as well.

└Right, it feels shady

└Did he grow up not being loved? He has that unique vibe…

– Park Moodae’s fans said that it wasn’t right for Choi Wongil to pick a fight… Honestly, everything was possible

└I thought of this tooㅋㅋㅋ

– What kind of nonsense is this? Choi Wongil said he would do the chorus, so he changed it

└Do you want to blame Choi Wongil again?

Of course, this article was deleted shortly after it was reported and refuted. However, the fans couldn’t help but feel an unpleasant aftertaste.

Even after that, articles maliciously criticizing Park Moondae’s past activities appeared out of nowhere in popular articles and then disappeared after a fight, repeatedly.

Their intended response was this.

[They made a fuss about Park Moondae’s personality, but he’s not like that at all. It’s disgusting.]

Due to Park Moondae’s quick response and Testar’s star quality, such a headwind did not occur, but those few days were precarious.

The fans went through each day with tension.

It was at this timing that the second &lt;Saturday Party&gt; starring Park Moondae began to air.

‘Please get only one thing.’

‘Please, It’s fine if it’s boring as long as nothing happens.’

With those two thoughts intersecting, the second episode of &lt;Saturday Party&gt;’s ‘Different Hearts’ began to air.

[Wow~ there’s no end!]

[Why are you all so good??]

It was nice to see the idols and actors working hard at the game fiercely.

The image of Keun Sejin, who took care of the actor returning after receiving a penalty, was also gently highlighted, as he said, ‘We have already become best friends’.

The strange feeling started from the next game.

[This game is~ ‘Stay Still’! The one who is not shaken by any situation and stays still for a long time succeeds!]

It was a game in which the team who held out the longest with a mouth full of water won.

And Park Moondae survived alone at the table that had become a mess due to the water cannons.

[…]

[No, Moondae-ssi, you are sober, right?!]

[Is this possible?]

Even if the staff suddenly shouted and performed a sexy dance, even if a monkey jumped out of the DJ booth, and an elephant rider juggled fireworks right in front of them, there was no reaction.

Park Moondae’s face, staring into the air without any agitation, was the tranquility itself.

Because the elephant was nothing compared to the crazy situations that Park Moondae had experienced so far.

‘Elephants exist in the real world.’

It was the sorrow of a fantasy novel’s protagonist who was threatened by a status window.

And this caption was attached to Park Moondae’s head for the first time in a while.

[Ca-lm]

Even the Tibetan fox CG made an appearance later.

The energy was even more synchronized because his two cheeks were slightly enlarged by the water inside.

[※Unprecedented situation]

[Now the production crew… The production team said they had run out of everything they had prepared!]

[Wow!!]

[It’s amazing!]

It was a complete victory.

Park Moondae swallowed the water and bowed to the people around him. And the joy was returned to the viewers.

– ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s so funny

– Park Moondae is so consistent… Amazing.

– Nothing has changedㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s Tibetan fox’s victory

– So cuteㅠㅠㅋㅋㅋ

But it didn’t end there.

The MC started to move.

It was a great shot.

[Now, the person who gets the penalty this time is… Lee Sejin!]

[Yes??]

[Hey, that’s not right!]

[There are 3 people who got eliminated before Sejin, you know?]

[The critical moment! If you’re eliminated from that, the team’s power will collapse. Oh~ Look here! Sejin-ssi burst into laughter, and then the other two laughed together following him~]

The MC drove the situation with plausible words and tried to elicit a flustered response from Ken Sejin.

However, Keun Sejin smiled broadly.

[Ah, that’s great!]

[…!?]

[Sejin?]

[Is it fine to scribble on an idol’s face?]

[The team’s victory is more important than that!]

[?!]

Beyond the flustered captions, Keun Sejin stretched out his index finger at Park Moondae.

[Moondae!]

[…?]

[If you keep doing well, I will get a penalty no matter what!]

[…!!]

[Even if your team wins, you’ll get a penalty! Think carefully!]

It was the madness to win.

[The spirit of sacrifice…?]

The captions were also flustered.

However, Park Moondae didn’t get flustered.

[Great. I’ll get the penalty.]

[!!!!]

[It’s important for the team to win. I have to catch the doppelganger.]

[Guys, you guys are so immersed!!]

[You know this is a variety show, right?]

[Let’s win and catch the fake.]

[Fakes don’t matter! But you guys, this data will last forever?!]

[If we can’t catch the fake here, our team has no future.]

[Oh my God.]

They couldn’t communicate.

The two of them went out side by side and were doodled with cat whiskers and raccoons.

It was cute, but their eyes were burning.

[Real madness]

With burning captions, the next event took place.

[This round is… ‘Song Encyclopedia’! What year is it now? 1988~ You have to guess the name after hearing the song that was released this year!]

Having predicted and prepared for this game based on the pattern, Keun Sejin began to convey the correct answers.

[Correct!]

[Yay!]

The moment when Keun Sejin’s team’s victory was assured.

This time, Park Moondae began to self-destruct.

[Ah… Moondae-ssi, wrong!]

[…What are you doing, hubae-nim…?]

[I’m going to get the penalty by getting the most wrong answers.]

[!!!!]

Over the startled subtitles, Park Moondae clenched his fists.

[The more Lee Sejin does well, the more he will get the taste of penalty.]

[Wait.]

[The rule isn’t supposed to be used like this, guys!]

It was a catastrophe.

In the end, as the game progressed, the involved cast members completely accepted the method of punishing people by shooting themselves with self-destruction.

Viewers were turned upside down.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋWhat’s this?ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I think I’m going to throw up from laughing so much

– Why did it turn crazy like this?

– I’m going crazy

– A catastrophe brought by an over immersed rookieㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

Although it was clearly a composition of self-sacrifice for the team’s victory, thanks to being overly immersed in entertainment that had no reality, the strange situation was just funny.

[Hey, let’s go.]

[Sigh.]

Even the established cast members were caught up in the atmosphere and sacrificed themselves. There was nothing funnier than the way they went to receive the penalty with a face that gave up everything.

And as a finishing touch, another incident occurred in the final game that decided the final match.

MallangDalkom Sohyun gave up the threat of self-destruction at the last minute.

[Sorry, Moondae-ssi! Youngrin unnie is afraid of heights! I don’t think this is right!]

[!!!!]

The over-immersion ended up being betrayed like that.

Youngrin successfully raised the flag and gave her team a victory.

[So really… This is the party team!]

[Waaaaaa!!]

Park Moondae’s dazed and forlorn expression was hilarious.

– He’s burned white…

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅅㅂSo cute.

– No, don’t get too immersed in this, you idiotㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Ah reallyㅋㅋㅋ so funnyㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s so cuteㅋㅋㅋHe’s a rookie so he got crazyㅋㅋㅋ

– He was so serious about the broadcast during Idol Inc and he’s like that in here, tooㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

And the clip that focused on Testar from this episode instantly became a popular video as soon as it was uploaded on WeTube.

[(Saturday Party) ‘Hit his doppelganger hard!’ Testar’s over immersion collection.zip | Legendary &lt;Two Bodies&gt; | SBC]

The anti-fans who were trying hard to build the image ‘Park Moondae is a shady person who uses his head and pretends not to be’ were crushed to pieces by waves of ‘Over-immersed four-dimensional Tibetan Fox Moondae’.

* * *

‘It’s done.’

I turned off my smartphone with a complicated sigh.

It was a bit… embarrassing, but satisfying.

‘I’ve got the right atmosphere.’

Asking Vtic to make more fuss on purpose was definitely worth it.

Because it made Testar’s behavior look even more unusual. It was the effect of the reactions.

And with such a funny image firmly attached, it was unlikely to get shaken by trivial things for a while.

Then, something suddenly came to mind.

‘…I can proceed comfortably.’

I thought it would be okay to slowly proceed with what I had planned from the start of this activity.

So, it was necessary to do some preliminary work first.

“Let’s clean up the settlement amount first.”

It was finally time to take a look at last year’s achievements.
