---
title: "Chapter 150"
category: "book"
index: 149
section: "Chapter 150"
slug: "150"
---

# Chapter 150

=========================

[ The identity of Groom in May in &lt;My Singer&gt; just came out]

\: Testar Park Moondae

Appearing in the same outfit as the hologram

(screenshot)

=========================

– Crazy

– I was watching and doubted my eyes

– Oh my Godㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It’s really Park Moondae, you bastardsㅠㅠ

‘As expected, it’s coming up in real time.’

I briefly checked out the growing comments, but I eventually gave up my escape and looked back to the TV.

The identity of &lt;Groom in May&gt; was being aired on TV in the dorm’s living room in front of me.

[Testar’s Park Moondae??]

[A surprise appearance of the national stock idol…]

[The audience and the judge are shocked]

I turned on my smartphone because it was hard to see those captions and editing with my eyes open.

If I was alone, I would take a look, but the problem was… I was watching with the group.

“I-It’s fine, Moondae, it’s cool…!”

“Impressive directing!”

“Hey, Moondae~ You were determined. You even prepared an outfit. Nice~”

Keun Sejin poked me in the shoulder. Meanwhile, captions appeared again under Park Moondae’s words on TV.

[Please introduce yourself!]

[Yes, hello. I’m Park Moondae, the main vocalist of the group Testar.]

[A rosy smile in May… Melting woman’s heart]

“Rosy…!”

“Wow, the captions are really……”

The guys around me couldn’t stand it anymore and began to hold back their laughter with their heads down.

When Testar’s exaggeratedly edited activities were briefly shown on the screen, I didn’t even think about raising my head because I was a bit embarrassed.

‘Is there any meaning in monitoring this?’

I’d guessed it since the moment everyone said they would watch it together, even though I wanted to go in and watch it by myself.

Fortunately, the broadcast soon moved on to the announcement of the winner.

[&lt;The Singer I Made&gt;, the best singer character…]

[It’s Park Moondae’s ‘Groom in May’!]

Confetti splashed on the screen.

“WOOOOW!”

“He sang like that so, of course, he’s the winner!”

Bae Sejin shouted excitedly.

“…?”

What is he doing?

When Bae Sejin met my eyes, he cleared his throat and turned his head away.

It reminded me of last week when he said ‘I enjoyed your Winter Night performance’ with a stiff face.

‘I guess that kind of dramatic singing style is your taste.’

I thought I was watching some kind of race.

Just in time, the MC was making a fuss on the screen.

[Ah~ Moondae-ssi! Please tell us how you feel!]

[Hmm… While moving ‘Groom in May’, I had so much fun. That alone was a meaningful experience… I am so happy that there are people who like it… Thank you very much.]

It was true.

I started this by clearing my head, but the results were better than I thought… It was amazing.

‘I was lucky.’

I couldn’t expect such luck all the time, but it was still a fresh experience.

“Moondae hyung, you have a very similar physique to the hologram of &lt;Groom in May&gt;, did you plan this public performance from the beginning?”

“Wasn’t it uncomfortable to have flowers on your face?”

…I managed to answer meekly.

“…Yeah, I planned it, and of course it was uncomfortable.”

“I knew it!”

“It’s not good to be uncomfortable!”

It was a little burdensome, but I had to accept this much. They had put up with my bad condition for the past month without me knowing.

“Seeing this, I want to hurry up and promote a new album~”

“R-Right.”

With the chatter of the guys who were motivated because of the monitoring, my footage on the screen was almost over.

[Unfortunately… Our ‘Chicken with Ribbon’ is only a runner-up!]

‘It’s the guy from the Gold 1’s group.’

While the runner-up, the chicken, was being interviewed, Ryu Chungwoo asked.

“Then are you going to come out in the next episode, Moondae?”

“Yes. I will come out starting from the semi-final the week after that.”

“Good. Congratulations. Hmm… Then, wait a minute.”

Ryu Chungwoo got up from his seat with a smile. Then the youngest two sprang to their feet.

“…?”

It looked unnatural to anyone watching.

‘…Oh, no way.’

The three disappeared into the kitchen and reappeared in an instant.

Cha Eugene had a cake in his hand.

[&lt;Cong&gt; Testar’s 1st anniversary &lt;rats&gt;]

[Great job! Awesome!]

“…!”

As expected.

…In fact, today was June 18th. It was the first anniversary of Testar’s debut.

”Although there’s still less than an hour left.’

It was already 11\:20 p.m.

I forgot about the anniversary content momentarily because it was already filmed and uploaded at midnight due to editing time.

“We have a video that will be released at midnight, but… I thought it would be nice if we could do it together.”

Ryu Chungwoo laughed and shook the two maknae’s heads.

“I prepared it with these guys.”

“I like cake!”

“The phrases written at the top were decided after we discussed them together.”

The phrases really did look like the kind of phrases that would come out from those three.

But it wasn’t the phrases that mattered.

‘…Did you wait until my monitoring was over?’

It was a little… admirable.

When I started getting strange feelings, Keun Sejin intervened.

“Wait, wait! Let’s take a picture first~ Moondae!”

“…”

Why are you holding out your phone as if it is natural?

“Hey, it’s because Moondae is good at taking pictures~ Huh? No way, are you not confident in taking selfies? Are you?”

“Give it to me.”

“Oh~”

I’d let this slide.

I snatched the phone out of Keun Sejin’s hand and turned the camera into selfie mode.

Stretching my hand all the way, I adjusted it so that all seven of us and the cake could fit on the screen.

“I’m taking the pictures.”

“Yes~”

*Click, click, click*. Naturally, I took several pictures every few seconds.

And after a while.

“Then, let’s eat the cake!”

“…Is it okay to eat this? The coloring on the top…”

“It’s delicious!”

“Cha Eugene! You should let the hyungs eat first!”

“…”

As if he had given up, Bae Sejin threw a piece of the cake into his mouth.

I shrugged.

‘…It tastes good.’

For a design cake, it was really good.

30 minutes before June 18th ended. The first anniversary passed by with us chewing on the cake.

“We’ve worked hard for a year. Let’s continue to do our best.”

“Oh, of course~ Let’s do our best until we get the Grand Prize~”

“We’re not doing an activity, so eat a lot.”

“Y-Yes…!”

This simplicity was not bad.

* * *

When Park Moondae and the members were peacefully eating the cake together.

Park Moondae’s fans were roaring with victory.

– Ah, Groom in May is Park Moondae!! (clatter)

– I feel like I just get hit by a waterfall of cider under the shower. Thank you, my idol.

– I thought I was going to die from frustration. Finally, I’m introducing my husband. My groom is Park Moondae

└Ah, get in line, it’s still long before your turn

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

As much as the period of silence and self-restraint were frustrating, posts poured into social media and communities like crazy.

[Comparison of ‘Groom in May’ and Park Moondae]

[The identity of the Groom in May that everyone in the know knew.jpg]

[My Singer’s final performance that gives goosebumps]

The fans, who rushed in as if settling old grudges in less than an hour, began to suffer from Park Moondae’s new content.

– Park Moondae, you madman, how could you come up with that idea… You don’t know how to hit the brakes, my punk!! That’s why I love you!!

– He wrote in the Groom’s profile that his flower head turns into his bride’s ideal type when he meets his bride, what are you going to do with this information if one really shows up?

└Isn’t this a marriage proposal? I have to register the marriage

-I don’t know which one is the flower and which one is the faceㅜㅜIsn’t Park Moondae and Bouquet synonymous?

– Moon Puppy in May? This is it (country puppy with flowers)

– It’s really satisfying… If you don’t feel satisfied after listening to Park Moondae’s song, you’re not Korean

And although not as wild as the fans, even the general fans of &lt;The Singer I Made&gt; were deeply impressed with ‘Groom in May’.

This was because his performances from the preliminaries to the finals were all great, and even the impact and structure of the identity disclosure were perfect.

– It’s been a while since a cast member took this seriously as a singer. I’ve seen too many punks doing stuff like being the baseball mascots

– For a guy who sings like that to be an idol, it’s such a waste. He should just sing dance songs

└Aigoo, old man. Everyone starts as an idol these days. When the time comes, they’ll go soloㅇㅇ

– He didn’t have an original song for the final stage. He was scared of making one

– Except for the weak preliminary round, there’s no doubt that he’s the perfect winner

└Since the preliminaries were used to build characters, it’s a great strategic choice. I wonder who directed it? If he did it himself ㄹㅇ he’s like a break-out idol

└First of all, that vocal cord is his, that alone is admirable enoughㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Indeedㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

Just like the favorable viewers, even though they might have different tastes in the character, general viewers also admitted one thing,

‘He’s really good at singing.’

The overwhelming victory in the prime-time public TV entertainment show, which had a viewership rating of around 10%, also had a light impact on public perception.

It appeared from some comments in the video revealing the identity of the ‘Groom in May’ that was uploaded on WeTube.

=========================

[Romantic and thrilling performance, &lt;The Groom in May&gt;! The surprising identity is? | &lt;The Singer I Made&gt; | 202X0618]

=========================

– The final stage really gave me goosebumps! I got a breakout. You’re the best!

– He is truly the country’s happiness… What a great singer with an amazing voice! how can you sing so well.^^

– Park Moondae! I’ll wait for your next performance~ㅠㅠ

– His face is also very bright and handsome. He must have a pretty voice because he has such a pretty face.

Middle-aged people recognized Park Moondae.

Because &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; was so popular, they had seen Park Moondae’s face, but there weren’t many people who had listened to his singing with such intensity.

In addition, there were also the reactions of the people who really liked the character of ‘Groom in May’ itself.

– Proposal–Breakup–Courship–Obsession. The stages so far are epic and perfect

– Since last week, all kinds of delusions won’t leave my head. It feels like I’ve made five billion movies with Groom in May as the main character

– You don’t come and love rots away (Groom in May fanart)

– It’s been a long time since we’ve had a non-human character… I didn’t know I have a concept-obsessed comrade among idols

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋA sudden rise in intimacy!

└The fact that he did the same thing as the hologramㅋㅋㅋ I am convinced it’s true

– I keep thinking about how he took off his bouquet head. I’m going crazy

└You too? Sameㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ To be honest, I really liked Groom in May. I thought my fantasy would be blown away if a human head come out, but it surprisingly turned out good

└As expected, the face is the answer

– I hope Moondae-ssi can share more TMI about Groom in May

Even if the character was created by Park Moondae and his voice and motion were taken from Park Moondae, the character and Park Moondae couldn’t be completely the same.

Nevertheless, the enthusiasm spread quickly. Because they had so much in common.

– I’m already looking forward to the performance next weekㅠㅠ

At the time when his identity was just revealed as he performed a fantastic stage on a program watched by many people.

When all kinds of praise and attention were directed to Park Moondae.

Of course, it didn’t end there.

[Park Moondae can go solo ㅎㅎ]

It was a planned aggro.

For your information, it would be smashed soon.
