---
title: "Chapter 151"
category: "book"
index: 150
section: "Chapter 151"
slug: "151"
---

# Chapter 151

I scrolled down.

‘It’s already here.’

The aggro, which I had guessed since the first week’s filming was aired, began to rampage on the Internet.

‘They usually start by feeling around the atmosphere first.’

Disguising their words as compliments.

‘Found it.’

I clicked on the text.

[What do you think about Park Moondae coming out solo?]

\: He’s the first-place winner in idol Inc, so he has a big fandom, and he has a good concept for the main vocal, so I think Park Moondae would do great soloㅋㅋㅋ

This kind of ground bait was usually quickly dispelled by fans, but, but now things had turned a little differently.

Because it was a situation where the favorability for Park Moondae reached its peak through variety shows, and because general viewers who were unfamiliar with the idol fan base openly responded favorably.

– I think it will be fine

– Does he want to go solo later?? I’m looking forward to itㅋㅋ

– I want to listen to a lot of songs, that concept? Using that concept is cool tooㅠㅠ

– Honestly, I don’t think he will fail

It looked good, but it was noticeably better than usual, so it was a problem.

‘It must have looked nice as firewood.’

Then, they would post something like this afterward.

[A member of Testar shows off his desire to go solo]

\: It’s Park Moondae

Absence from schedules for a month right before coming out alone on a variety show + no reactions for various group schedules

(Notice of absence from W Live)

(Summer package video GIF)

He’s working hard when he’s filming by himselfㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

(Interview video)

There were a lot of fans who felt weird because it was going on for a whole month, but when the singer came out this time, everything explodedㅋㅋ

There’s a theory that he’s out of shape because he’s been working hard to do solo work

And the fans can’t hide it either

(screenshot)

Pretending to be a fan of the group and pretending to be not interested in going solo, please stop doing those things because it’s obvious (praying hand emoticon)

In that kind of post, the reaction screenshot of the well-knitted ‘Park Moondae solo’ post would be uploaded together.

And the main issue would be the attitude controversy.

‘…I still feel uncomfortable.’

I knew that the content of when I was in a bad condition could become prey someday. This article was written well as if following a standard procedure.

But in fact, they weren’t aiming the general public opinion here.

‘It doesn’t matter if I go solo or not.’

It would be better if they made fun of me because of my bad grades when I really came out as a soloist, but now that I had their attention, I would get a lot of support.

It would be like this.

-??? Can’t Park Moondae work solo?ㅋㅋ He’s talented too, he’s a real starㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I heard that a lot of fans said that they’re loyal, but to a kid who said he was sick, this heat is too ugly…

– Park Moondae is doing so well so why can’t he? If health issues are the problem, there are many cases where it only lasted a few months

– I would’ve rather go solo rather than stay in a group that has such bad akgaes[1]Akgae (악개) is a K-pop fandom term for a fan who likes only one member of a music group and hates the other members. ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Testar is tired of every post that comes up. Please don’t display it and keep the fight among yourself.

After the fight, the comments become longer and might be classified as popular posts, but public opinion didn’t change.

So the target here was… a discord within Testar fandom.

It was to stiffen the atmosphere of the fandom that liked the group itself, and to create an atmosphere that made it possible for members’ malicious anti-fans to keep each other in check and disturb each other.

So another argument was brought up here.

The date on which the second filming of Park Moondae in &lt;The Singer I Made&gt; was aired, it was the same day as Testar’s first anniversary.

-It’s our 1st anniversary, but only posts about Park Moondae come up, it’s really too much

– I’m not interested in whether you’re the groom or the bride in May. Just don’t harm the group’s content, Gommeo

– Park Moondae, you bully, why is it that every time you did something, the kids were always on edge the whole time? Especially Ryu Chungwoo? You don’t want to see him anymore because he’s the leader?

– Couldn’t you have set up the schedule and avoided it? I didn’t know you would do this without thinkingㅋㅋㅋㅋ

If I had known that &lt;The Singer I Made&gt; would have such a good response, I would have done so.

‘…I was aiming to get a moderate amount of fun for the fans.’

Who would have known it would become a more popular topic than the first anniversary of the group? I knew both of those events would take place at the same time.

Anyway, after a little more time passed by, the controversy would flow more comprehensively.

It was to encourage skepticism about the group’s activities themselves.

– Moondae, do you want to go solo?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Where did your initial commitment go? It’s an artist disease, it’s a good thing I recognize it, please wake up

– Recently, Seon Ahyeon also shot a solo commercial and everyone’s personal schedules increased, but it was Park Moondae who set the mood

– Let’s go separately for things like this, make a separate SNS, really… I’m tired of hearing news from guys I don’t care about

If the 1st anniversary was so important, there was no way each member would post a message asking to go separately from the day of the 1st anniversary.

‘So the ones who posted this were people who are not fans of the group in the first place.’

Of course, Testar had shaken off the fact that they were a group from a survival show that received individual votes.

This meant that our identity as a group had been solidified through the album’s worldview and various contents.

However, we still had a lot of solo stans, and if they shook things off this way, there would be a lot of people who joined.

…That being said, it was a fact known to everyone who was interested.

Therefore, of course, it was a basic attitude of a member of society to prepare countermeasures.

I changed my smartphone screen to a phone call.

“Yes, hello… Yes. Thank you. It’s nothing, but I have something to ask.”

After a brief conversation with the company, I talked to the person sitting next to me.

“Raebin.”

“Yes?”

Kim Raebin, who was busy listening to his own song, looked back in surprise.

“They said the interview will be released in the evening.”

It was as scheduled.

“Ah!”

At that moment, Kim Raebin’s face brightened. Um, he still looked like a gangster, though.

“It was a very meaningful interview, so I can’t wait!”

“Yeah.”

I leaned my back against the backrest.

This kind of thing wasn’t enough to make me anxious.

* * *

In the evening when all kinds of aggro were running wild inside the fandom while on the outside, Park Moondae’s reputation was still on the rise due to ‘Groom in May’.

An interview came up on WeTube.

It was an interview content run by a WeTube channel under MBS that produced &lt;The Singer I Made&gt;.

[I brought the marriage certificate… ☆ We have gathered the producers of Groom in May! &lt;&lt;Titi’s Sweet Interview&gt;&gt; EP.47 by MBS2]

In the thumbnail, there were Park Moondae and… Kim Raebin.

‘Kim Raebin?’

‘Tied-selling…?’

Those who clicked, a little surprised by the sudden appearance of another member, soon learn the whole story.

First of all, there was a heartwarming and obvious talk that Kim Raebin had given advice to Park Moondae’s arrangement in each round.

The main point came out next.

[Titi\: Wow! So the final song was composed by Raebin-ssi??]

[Raebin\: Yes. Of course, I didn’t handle the entire production process alone, but it is true that I tried to take the initiative in overseeing the work. So I was able to give it to Moondae hyung as a birthday gift because the copyright stake is the largest…]

[It doesn’t end there…!]

Unable to bear it, they hurriedly fast-forwarded. It was fans’ way of acknowledging it.

And a large caption came up.

[Raebin-ssi… gives more TMI than expected]

[Summary\: The song was composed under Raebin-ssi’s guidance and was a birthday present for Moondae-ssi]

At any rate, the content was perfectly conveyed.

The song that ‘Groom of May’ sang in the final was composed by a Testar member.

In other words, it was an unreleased self-composed song.

Then why was this song unreleased?

[Moondae\: Actually, we’re making a comeback soon… This song is from that album.]

[Titi\: Oooh!!]

Right.

The song, ‘Flower at the End of the Month’, was one of the songs on Testar’s next album.

[Moondae\: Each member’s solo songs are included in this album, and they’re really cool, so to introduce them quickly… I sang it.]

[Titi\: Wow! Then, when the album comes out, we will be able to listen to a slightly different recorded version of the song on the music site?]

[Moondae\: That’s correct.]

[Titi is with an experienced promotor]

In other words, he sang the song while also promoting the group album.

[Moondae\: Honestly, all the other members’ vocals are really good. I sang it first because I had the chance… Isn’t that right?]

[Raebin\: Objectively, Moondae hyung has the best singing ability, so if you just compare simple songs, he has the upper hand…]

[Moondae\: (hurriedly) Yes. Please look forward to the other songs in the upcoming album.]

[ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ]

The captions burst into laughter at Park Moondae’s struggle.

[Titi\: Ah~You two are so funny! I laughed out loud!]

[Raebin\: Thank you! (brightly)]

[Moondae\: Thank you. (Tibetan fox)]

The interview was conducted in a light and humorous way without anyone being rude, and a personal conversation was also properly drawn out.

[Titi\: Ah, before you appeared on &lt;My Singer&gt;, you were very sick…?]

[Moondae\: Yes… I felt sorry for the members who had to take care of me because I failed to manage my condition for about a month after leaving the country. That’s why appearing in &lt;My Singer&gt; was meaningful to me. It’s been a while since I’ve been able to contribute something to the group…]

[Raebin\: Hyung…]

[TT\: What’s this? What’s with this moving atmosphere! Are you okay now, Moondae-ssi?]

[Moondae\: I can’t be healthier than this]

[Strong Moon Puppy]

In fact, Park Moondae didn’t even aim for this part to happen.

It was just a question he added to reassure people who might have been worried for a month, but it became an additional jackpot.

Anyway, casually brushing off the topic, the cast and the interviewer continued to exchange questions and answers and ended the short 12-minute interview video.

[Moondae\: I will come out with all of Testar.]

[Raebin\: I’m already looking forward to it. I think it’ll be very harmonious.]

[Titi\: Yes~~! Then, while waiting for the interview with Keun Sejin-ssi, who is said to be my soul twin, the interview is over! Take your marriage certificate, Groom!]

[Moondae\: Nice.]

The interview ended with Park Moondae smiling and holding the marriage registration form.

And at the same time, articles popped up here and there.

It was half prepared, half reacted to the interview.

[Countdown to Testar’s comeback… Park Moondae’s song ‘Groom of May’ is an album preview]

[Testar’s summer comeback. The concept is horror?]

[The comeback of popular group Testar, ‘The schedule is already out’]

Naturally, fans’ attention quickly turned to the news of the comeback.

– Ahhh Testar’s comeback!!

– Heol, Moondae’s song is from the new album

– Moondae has a plan for everything.

– Crazy, it was a song made by Raebin?? No wonder my heart was beating. I recognized the owner

– Are all the albums like that? Hold your breath until crazy Testar makes the comeback

As the finishing touch, Testar uploaded photos of their first-anniversary party to their account.

Our Loviewer♡ Thank you for being with spending 365 days with Testar!

Please continue to love us♡ We’ll continue as Testar♡ Our relationship is forever ☆

(The cake in the picture is sponsored by the leader hyung and the maknaes. It was delicious.)

(photo)

It was to show off, ‘It’s not a part of our schedule, but we’re close enough to prepare a cake for the 1st anniversary by ourselves and eat it together’.

– What should I do with our kids’ heartsㅠㅠ

– A group full of compassion and bonds. Long live my stars. (edited photo)

– I’m crying at the thought of Park Moondae promoting the album as soon as he got better. Being a Loviewer is the best

Since the teaser of the interview was posted on SNS quite early, it wasn’t reasonable to bite and hang around, saying, ‘He used that as an excuse to stop the controversy’.

– Hurry up and open preorders, T1!!

The controversy, which was originally a typhoon in a teacup, was quickly subdued by people who were excited by the news of the comeback.

As predicted by Park Moondae, the popularity of ‘The Groom in May’ didn’t dissipate and was instead smoothly connected to Testar’s comeback.

And Park Moondae, the person involved in all of this, was in the middle of a new schedule.

* * *

“Long time no see, hubae-nim.”

“…!”
