---
title: "Chapter 166"
category: "book"
index: 165
section: "Chapter 166"
slug: "166"
---

# Chapter 166

“Give me your phone.”

I took over Keun Sejin’s smartphone and skimmed through an article.

Park Moondae was the best aggro knight who won the title of a poor-performing stock.

&lt;Re-listed! Idol Inc. 2&gt; Park Moondae, who won last season as an ordinary person with no expertise and experience, encouraged participants to experience the same thing, saying, “Sometimes you can go beyond the limit.”

……

A program staff said, “The beauty of watching &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; is that you don’t know who will win the program, everything is left to the viewer’s choice,” adding, “Thank you, Testar, for willingly appearing here.”

……

“Hmm.”

I roughly got it.

‘It’s really an article released by Idol Inc.”

It was written down as if they were delivering Park Moondae’s story, but in fact, the focus was not on me.

‘They want to emphasize the dramatic fun of Idol Inc.’

They wanted to emphasize the unpredictability and fun of the program, such as its bio stocks, like when a person who participated without a proper background could suddenly win.

But I didn’t think it was a very good idea.

‘They went overboard.’

My first rank was gold, and I received platinum in the rating evaluation.

I was just a classic audition-style participant who steadily ran the royal road through popular groups and won the championship after my family affair was solved at the last minute.

This meant I wasn’t a participant who showed a differentiated style of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;.

‘It’s so uselessly stimulating.’

They just had to remind people of the fun of the audition, but the production crew seemed to have taken strange pride in this opening audition program.

‘Looks like those guys are a little out of shape, too.’

Maybe having even-numbered seasons ruined was a jinx.

‘As expected, Testar should step out.’

As long as I was an affiliated celebrity, I would suffer big losses if I antagonized T1, so if an offer came in, whether it was to appear again or to collaborate, I needed to create a justified reason so that I could comfortably decline.

First, let’s check the aftermath of this article.

“It looked great.”

“Yeah~ It wasn’t a bad feeling, right?”

“Yeah, it was fine.”

Let’s start with the fans’ reaction.

I returned Keun Sejin’s smartphone and started browsing with my smartphone.

“…”

And I was embarrassed.

– Idol Inc bastards, you made me hear my kid’s worries, blood, sweat, and tears only through oral narratives, and only showed them 3 seconds in the new seasonㅋㅋㅋ

– I’d say, the story is really about Moondae’s affection and passion for this work… I felt so emotional that I cried. I suddenly became the story girl on Subway line 4

– It hurt my heart that he didn’t show off his personality to not worry the fans. I’m so glad I bought Moondae’s stock. I’m so glad that he debuted

– Park Moondae, you’re so f*cking greatㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠThe only way to escape for you is death

Wow, this… I was kind of embarrassed.

Even the people who had withered through survival shows after Idol Inc was over were pouring out new articles.

There must have been a part that touched their heart somewhere.

I thought half of the people were annoyed because they didn’t like Idol Inc, and half of the people were just happy to see my face, but there were more people gathering than I had expected.

‘This a good thing, isn’t it…?’

Something was a bit off, but it wasn’t bad.

I decided to accept this situation.

‘Then next… is the public reaction?’

There was absolutely nothing on this one. Comments on entertainment articles were also blocked, and the focus of the articles was on promoting &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;, so they focused on that.

Most of the responses to me, not the program, were just ‘He said something nice’.

I could gather negative reactions, but I wondered if it would mean anything.

It was like this

– Hn, it just sounded like an obvious statement, what’s wrong with T-net

– They praise him too muchㅋ

– He’s an ordinary middle school graduate, it would have been hard for him to debut if it weren’t for Idol Inc

– The difficult, big feeling seems to be the type he likes at the audition

Having written this much, these words couldn’t even be considered hate comments because they didn’t curse me out.

Those were just thoughtless remarks, so I didn’t have to worry about it.

‘This is enough.’

It was a little annoying that they used me and consumed my image for no reason, but since the fans liked it, I could play along in moderation. Let’s quickly grab a stop loss.

I shrugged my shoulders.

However, as I was about to turn off my smartphone screen, I inadvertently checked the latest comment on the SNS post I was reading.

It was a post that shared an article titled ‘Park Moondae, delivering wise advice in Idol Inc season 4’.

– If you have a proper conversation with Park Moondae, he’ll just sound empty and ignorant… If you just say whatever sh*t and pretend to be cool, the company will manipulate it to the media

‘Oh?’

It had a very subtle implication.

It wasn’t just a hate comment that I didn’t like, I even saw keywords that tried to artificially turn the flow.

‘Ignorant?’

Isn’t it an expression that naturally follows Park Moondae?

Besides, this wasn’t the flow that would harm me the most.

‘It would be more effective to combine it with Idol Inc’s issue of fairness and T1’s media play.’

So, how should I say this, I strangely felt like it had a different sense of purpose.

‘Wait a minute.’

I checked the account.

They participated in events and shared humorous articles. And their timeline was filled with obvious words such as ‘When are we going to have lunch?’ and ‘I want to get off work’.

‘Hm.’

I tried to browse several times by combining keywords such as ‘Park Moondae’, ‘ignorant’, and ‘middle school graduate’, and confirmed the existence of similar accounts.

Accounts with good profiles and IDs and sharing words that didn’t show personality or specific topics.

‘They’re good at this.’

Next, I searched for a completely different keyword on SNS.

[Golden Age Korea University]

Then, excellent results poured in.

The most shared article was ‘idols who have the vibes of young masters from rich families’.

‘Not this one.’

I found a minor article that had fewer shares and checked the sharer’s accounts.

[A collection of celebrities from Korean University]

…The uncharacteristic account profiles I saw earlier were caught in between.

‘Found you.’

I smirked. I was certain now.

‘Looks like Golden Age is starting to work on it.’

This was what Choi Wongil had told me.

– They asked that hyung to act like a young master. They also told him to use Park Moondae hyung as a material…

As expected, the company didn’t directly compare me to the Golden Age member who was a Korean University student.

‘Instead, they’re grouped together.’

Popular Idols with weak academic backgrounds like me stealthily went viral.

In addition, correspondingly, the Golden Age member was tied to a list of talented celebrities with good educational backgrounds and they worked to imprint that image. Because this image was definitely in demand.

It was a move to raise the stake, suppress the backlash as much as possible, and effectively raise their level and image.

‘They’re good.’

Well, it didn’t really bother or annoy me. Most entertainment agencies did this.

But… I was sick of it.

‘Even though I’m too busy to care about other things.’

There were a lot of guys to deal with from the current situation to the new season of Idol Inc.

And I thought it would be more troublesome to deal with them if they took it one step further.

So I should just end it now with this agency.

‘Let’s see.’

When I was about to recall the list in my head, someone suddenly spoke to me.

“…What are you looking at?”

It was Bae Sejin.

“Oh, monitoring.”

“Is that so? Then… Is something wrong?”

“Yes, well…”

Bae Sejin noticed my conflict and soon spoke quietly.

“…If you have any concerns, tell me. Since I’ve been working for a long time…”

Maybe because he had been cooperating in front of the camera, he gained confidence, and he was even trying to be an older figure that he hadn’t planned to.

‘Thanks for your effort, but… ’

Right now, it wasn’t a situation where Bae Sejin’s help was particularly needed.

But still, it’d be better to explain. The schedule was also an issue.

I said in the easiest way I could think of.

“I want to go to a broadcast, but I want to schedule it as soon as possible.”

“A broadcast? What kind of broadcast is it, all of sudden?”

I smirked.

“Some people on the internet are saying I am ignorant. I’m thinking of going out and using my head a little.”

“W-What? What a bunch of freaks!”

Bae Sejin fumed as if he empathized with me, and then he went back and forth busily to his seat several times.

Then after a while, as if suddenly recalling something, he stopped abruptly.

“…Right! I know a writer!”

“Yes?”

“A writer from the education department!”

Bae Sejin’s eyes were burning.

“The writer of the drama I filmed this time was with me on variety shows. Wait!”

Then he brought out his smartphone and furiously tried to text and make a call.

By the way, it was 8\:30 pm now.

“…”

What the hell.

“Yes, yes… Writer-nim. Oh, no. That role… It’s not that. That, um, I’m sorry, but perhaps…”

Bae Sejin, hiding his uncomfortable expression, ended the call with some effort, then looked back at me with clenched fists.

“Done…! They said they’d tell me about a broadcast that can air as soon as possible!”

“…”

I said calmly.

“Thank you.”

“Well, this much is…!”

“But what program is it?”

“…?!”

Bae Sejin’s face turned white and turned red again, perhaps realizing that he had put a request into a specific program without asking for my intention.

“Oh, it’s an educational show, but it’s similar to an entertainment show… Um.”

“Yes.”

“…It’s called &lt;The Calls of the Past&gt;.”

Aha.

“That’s great.”

“…Right?!”

Right, it was really great.

&lt;The Calls of the Past&gt; was a program I’d seen from time to time.

It was content that made the cast move to a place that reproduced a place from a certain point in the past and solve a case.

And it saved its educational characteristic by solving logic and history quizzes in the middle.

Crucially, unless it was a special feature, the places in the past that the cast went to… were places that transpired within Korean history.

‘I’m a fool if I can’t take this.’

Being a test examinee who had prepared for PSAT and Korean history among those who devoted their lives to liberal arts and physical education? It would be a piece of cake.

“I’ll talk to the company and adjust the schedule. Thanks, hyung.”

“Y-Yeah!”

I made a late-night toast for Bae Sejin as a compliment and return gift.

“Hyung! I want to eat too!”

“Get permission from Sejin hyung.”

Everything went smoothly.

* * *

Then, on the day the filming of &lt;The Calls of the Past&gt;.

I met an unexpected person.

“Hello, sunbae-nim!”

That guy who bowed his head down… He was Golden Age’s main vocalist from Korean University.

Therefore, he was the guy who played the Chicken with Ribbon.

‘Oh.’

I smiled and nodded.

“Yes. It’s nice to see you again. I look forward to your kind cooperation.”

“No, I really look forward to your kind cooperation!”

The man who bowed his head and greeted me said while sweeping his chest down.

“I suddenly had a schedule, so I came here very nervous, but I am glad and honored to have you, sunbae-nim!”

Look at this?

“You got caught up here all of a sudden. I also decided to appear not too long ago.”

“I see! It’s really almost on the same day… Oh, I’m sorry. I’m talking too much…”

“No, it’s nice talking to you. Let’s do well in this shoot, too.”

“Yes, thank you!”

The Golden Age main vocalist soon left to greet the rest of the cast.

And, as if they missed each other, Seon Ahyeon, who had gone to the convenience store for a while, returned.

“I-I’m here…!”

“Okay~ Ahyeon, let’s fix your hair later!”

The education department asked for one more member to appear, so he came along as support.

While arranging the snacks he brought, Seon Ahyeon asked with a smile.

“M-Moondae. Are you looking forward to the shoot? Y-You look happy…”

“Yeah, because it’s fun.”

It was really fun.

As soon as I hurriedly grabbed a variety show where I had to use my head, that guy followed suit and grabbed the same variety show?

There was only one conclusion.

‘There’s a rat in the company.’

I was already excited thinking of how I was going to use this.

Of course, I needed to finish this shoot nicely first. I opened a chocolate that Seon Ahyeon gave me.

‘Let’s see if it will work against Korean University.’

After a while, the shooting proceeded immediately without delay.
