---
title: "Chapter 171"
category: "book"
index: 170
section: "Chapter 171"
slug: "171"
---

# Chapter 171

Do you know the ghost story of finding a doll you had thrown in the trash in front of your front door?

My feelings right now were very similar to that.

‘Why is this showing up here?’

The characteristic I picked up right now was ‘Now that I heard it, you’re right’.

At the beginning of Idol Inc’s participation, I got this characteristic with a C grade and used it to persuade Seon Ahyeon, but I deleted it after we debuted.

The fact that it popped out again was funny but the difference was funny as well.

‘Why is the grade A?’

I had experienced having a characteristic that popped up again being synthesized and changed to a higher grade but in that case, the name also changed.

‘What kind of system doesn’t have a system?’

Don’t tell me, saying that it was upgraded to an A grade because of its good utility, it wasn’t that kind of nonsense that only happened in failed games, right?

First… Let’s check the contents in detail.

[Characteristic]

Acquired ‘Now that I heard it, it’s true(A)’

– It causes emotional agitation to the ‘listener’.

\: Activation rate 60%, basic activation state

“…Hmm.”

The explanation was the same, but the probability had definitely increased. It was 35% when it was a C grade, but 60% here.

‘Then it’s really a higher grade but without the name change… Why?’

At that moment, a thought came to my mind.

‘Is this a warning?’

Come to think of it, I had hypothesized that when a new characteristic came out, the moment to use it would definitely come.

And the hypothesis… had been proven true so far.

So the reason the name didn’t change was to make me think twice and warned me to take this characteristic…

‘That’s too much.’

Let’s not focus too much on the intentions of this status window. It wasn’t just once or twice that it hit me in the back of my head.

However, there was no need to flatly ignore it just because I was reluctant. I had to judge it objectively.

“…”

I tapped my arm with my fingers and eventually shrugged.

‘Well… I was going to change it anyway.’

‘Emotional agitation’ was a useful ability in many ways.

‘This is the right choice.’

I operated the characteristics section.

[Characteristic\: International student (A) has been deleted!]

That was how the ‘Now that I heard it, you’re right (A)’ characteristic re-entered my status window. Congratulations on being used again.

What was left was stat investment…

“Yeah. Like Sejin said, I think basic skills are the most important. But it’s more of the mindset than the technical aspect. It’s important not to lose your original intentions.”

“Hmm~ that could be true!”

“M-Me too… I think the heart is important…!”

“That’s right! Heart! **Personality**!”

No, it’s not the heart.

In addition, their conclusion was completely unrelated to the stat investment.

‘Sigh.’

But these guys’ warm-hearted expressions were saying they had come to the same conclusion in their own ways… Let’s just leave it alone.

“So I conclude that it’s the mindset… Wait, but why are you talking about this?”

“Moondae hyung asked!”

At Cha Eugene’s remark, Ryu Chungwoo turned his head toward me. I averted my gaze.

“…I was just asking because I was bored.”

“Ah, I see.”

Ryu Chungwoo smiled awkwardly.

“I thought you were telling us to keep ourselves together, once again. We’ll start out new activity soon.”

“Ah~ We can use it for that purpose! Comeback, fighting!”

“F-Fighting!”

It suddenly became an atmosphere of shouting for an awesome comeback. Seriously.

‘But they’re not as nervous as before.’

Definite popularity. Good songs and choreography.

And since the repackage originally had a short period and the album composition was similar, there were less expectations for the results, so the pressure lessened.

There was no fear of getting caught up with Idol Inc’s new season. Because of the industry spy case, the company would keep a low profile for a while, so refusing appearances and articles wouldn’t be too difficult.

From what I heard, in episode 6 that recently aired, they did a crazy thing called a stock sale discount, in other words, a ‘negative vote sale’.

It wasn’t my business, so I didn’t look at the fire across the river.

‘Hmm, should I take it easy this time too?’

It would be a lie if I said I didn’t need to feel comfortable during the filming of the choreography.

I looked at the status window that was still on and smiled.

‘What kind of person will die for being unable to collect 200,000 audiences?’

Let’s do it efficiently.

This time, the performance wasn’t strong, so it was better to make the stage attractive by emphasizing other elements more.

‘It all converges to one opinion.’

I raised my stats just as I originally planned.

So that my talent went up from B+ to A-.

‘Well, even if I do this, it can’t be compared to Cha Eugene’s.’

What difference it would have with the B grade? I was curious.

* * *

On the afternoon of Thursday, October 17, two weeks after Park Moondae completed the settlement of the status window.

“Comeback!!”

Park Moondae’s homma couldn’t hold back her overflowing emotion and shouted as she watched the music video and music streaming on the tablet and smartphone respectively.

Those screens had one phrase in common.

[Testar **(TeSTAR)** – **Picnic**]

Testar made a comeback on the 14th of this month and this was their new repackaged song.

‘I love it!’

Even though she was worried about the singers who worked like a cow without a break, she couldn’t help but open her mouth because she loved it.

‘I was worried it wouldn’t catch people’s attention because of Present’s momentum!’

She hadn’t needed to. The song they promoted was very good.

The refreshing and soft R&B song was perfect to listen to on a chilly autumn morning.

‘Pick this one on the way to work… Please!’

It was still the third day of release, so it was the popular pick of the public, and fans were busy raising the rankings on the daily chart, but the homma was already counting her chickens, which was unlike her.

‘This needs to be advertised on the music charts!’

Because it was a song that focused on the listening experience, she felt a strange pride that everyone should listen to it.

In addition, Testar brought a glimpse of themselves that fans might like, which could be missed if they only cared about popularity.

It was in the details of the music video.

– It doesn’t matter what the weather forecast says

It’s the day I want to meet you

If you walk lightly

The sky is blue today

Go on a picnic, Go on a picnic

The content of the music video was just a simple story of ‘College student Testar members hanging out at the Han River’, but the use of props and composition inside was not ordinary.

Because Testar’s distinctive appearance and props from Idol Inc to present were cleverly reproduced and inserted.

For example, the high school uniform that resembled &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; uniform hanging in Park Moondae’s room, the soap bubbles that Seon Ahyeon blew in the Han River, and the composition of Ryu Chungwoo walking through the trees.

The elements that only people in the know could find made the fans amused.

So a reporter who was interested in Testar made this comment.

[Nostalgia brought by a group celebrating their first anniversary]

Here’s time that has been compressed into a great story. Testar, which has been running non-stop, has shared compact memories with the public.

……

The feeling of releasing all those times one by one and letting them scatter beautifully is special.

Those who are in the know notice it, but even those who don’t know can enjoy it…

Of course, this article didn’t receive much attention from the public, but it received plenty of comments and support from Testar’s fans, including the homma.

And although it wasn’t at the level that got the fans drunk on the interpretations, the first public response was very good.

First of all, the fact that KPOP-related communities were not plastered with ‘the song is bad’ and ‘Present is better’ was the proof.

The limit was this.

– It’s a bit plain compared to Present, it’s just my preference though

– They chose an easy route ㅠㅠI guess they won’t do this concept anymore

└Raebin arranged it himself and the members said they wanted to use it as a title song because it was that good! I’m looking forward to what other great songs they’ll bring for the next comeback. ♡

– Easy easy~

– The song is good, but it’s a bit disappointing. I thought it would be more powerful

Of course, it didn’t mean the fans weren’t pissed off.

‘When Present came out, they said ‘That’s too much’ and ‘I’m cringing’!!’

It was always so upsetting to see them attacking the new song by praising the song from the previous activity that had already passed and couldn’t be undone.

The homma briefly recalled the scene, feeling like grabbing the back of her neck, but soon she calmed down.

‘It’s okay. It’s our masterpiece.’

The song was good, so everything was fine.

Besides, the reviews for the title song weren’t the only things good. The composition of the repackaged album was also excellent.

As a privilege for the people who reserved the album, they sent a picnic blanket and box, and the members drew the pattern.

‘I know it’s a marketing trick, but… It’s a great tactic.’

The homma gazed with satisfaction at the wall of her room, where a picnic blanket with an apple pattern drawn by Moondae was hung.

By the way, next to it were the dolls of’Groom in May’ from &lt;The Singer I Made&gt;, all in different sizes.

She felt satisfied just by looking at it.

‘All right… It’s going smoothly.’

The homma calmed down in an instant and at the same time she rolled into the bed with excitement and happiness.

To be honest, when she first started her homma activities for a group member who debuted through a survival program, she was actually worried inside that it would be a thorny road.

But looking at their records so far… Those days had been more pleasant than she had worried about.

Although some problems broke out, they behaved appropriately, so it quickly subsided.

And above all, the records were great!

‘Ah, it was great that &lt;The Calls of the Past&gt; came out at this time.’

Saying that he was intelligent just like a crown prince in a historical drama, the homma excitedly recalled the situation as her timeline lagged.

Moondae was a genius puppy…

It was just plain silly comments.

And a few moments later, she came back to her senses again in a flash.

‘Let’s work, work!’

She should quickly edit the photos taken at the last event so that she could watch today’s comeback stage with a fresh mind!

But what the homma accidentally clicked on the laptop’s Internet tab… was an announcement on Testar’s WeTube channel community.

[&lt;Testar’s Living Together **TEST**\: Side Story&gt; Changing Roommates Part 2!]

Who will share the same room? Tomorrow (Friday) at 7 pm, pre-released to membership Loviewers! &gt; – &lt;

(photo)

The attached photo showed several men’s hands playing a card game.

If you matched it with the text… It was a game to decide the roommates!

“Waah!”

The homma let out a cry of joy.

‘It looks interesting!’

Of course, she didn’t dislike Ahyeon, but at this point, she wanted to see Park Moondae’s reaction when he got another member as a roommate.

But then, she calmed down a bit.

‘Um… Not Ryu Chungwoo… I hope it’s Lee Sejin!’

It hadn’t become a problem because they somehow knocked it off and turned it over at the right time, but looking at Moondae’s last summer package, everyone vaguely guessed that he had something going on with Ryu Chungwoo

.

It wasn’t serious, of course.

‘They get along well again after that.’

She doubted that they had a fight, but there was no need to hope for their endeavor in becoming roommates.

And because the first impression of Idol Inc’s first team match combination was still strong, the homma inwardly chose Lee Sejin.

‘Anyway, I hope it will be fun!’

As a result, only this comprehensive wish of the homma came true

* * *

“**WOOOW**! Moondae hyung!”

“…Wow.”

Is this real?

I was speechless for a moment when I saw Cha Eugene reaching out for a high-five.

This, now…

“We’re roommates!”

He even confirmed it. Now I knew this was real.
