---
title: "Chapter 185"
category: "book"
index: 184
section: "Chapter 185"
slug: "185"
---

# Chapter 185

Not long after, the door to one of the boxes on the side of the stage opened.

[**TA-DA!**]

It was the box on the right with the winners of the audience mini-game.

When Cha Eugene excitedly ran out of the box first, the other members followed with a laugh.

They were wearing something like red uniforms, which looked like the doll uniforms from The Nutcracker.

They were cute.

“Uoooh!”

The moment people cheered for the costume, the accompaniment included a melody.

‘Oh, this!’

‘Ah~’

Many audiences recognized the identity of the song. It was a famous children’s song that dominated the 2000s.

However, it had a stylistic refreshing band arrangement, which was perfect for an idol concert.

It was a little too cheerful, though.

The winning members jumped onto the stage, waved their hands here and there, and then stood up in a proper formation and began to perform on the stage.

It was a perfect movement.

– My friend is

really really cute

I have no words

my heart is warm

It seemed they were watching the prompter, but the winning team sang the song very well by dividing it into parts while holding back laughter as the song was recited a few times.

There was no particular change, but with this level of quality, it was hard to say that the team was made on the spot.

‘So cute.’

In order to exchange data with Lee Sejin or Park Moondae from a different angle, the office worker set aside the data with great care.

‘I have to film Cha Eugene no matter what.’

The one with the highest unit price.

At the extremely eventful stage, the fans waved lightsticks and hummed along to the song, immersed in cuteness without much pressure.

The first verse ended in such a warm atmosphere.

[Thank you!]

[Thank you.]

When the bridge began to appear, the winning team finished the stage with a bow.

Cute!

Cheers and laughter spread throughout the audience.

And inside, a strong sense of foreboding flashed insidiously.

‘If this is what the winners do… Are the losers going to do something worse?’

‘It’s sexy.’

‘The answer is the costume.’

‘Fairy wings.’

In the midst of all sorts of self-interest, the winning team ran excitedly down the stage.

And at that moment.

Jijijijijijiing-!!!

Suddenly, an electric guitar sound pierced through the interlude.

“…??”

Strange exclamations like ‘Huh?’ mixed with laughter came out here and there.

‘What??’

In an atmosphere of bewilderment, before long, the refreshing interlude was smoothly replaced by a heavy metal sound.

[Argh!]

Then, the tissue box was torn apart and the people who got punishment came out.

“…!!!”

“Oooh!”

They weren’t wearing uniforms like the winners.

They were wearing stuffed animal suits with only their face shown and it was too big for their body size.

They were the ones rising from the tissue box.

The form of the animal suit waddling out was openly cute, but the animal suit only had gangster attire.

That meant it matched well with the accompaniment.

“Huuuh??”

While the concert hall was in chaos for a moment.

The three members hit the center of the stage with rock and roll gestures.

Lee Sejin, whose head tilted for a moment because of the wobbly body of the doll, stood up straight after receiving rough pushes from both sides.

‘You get it…!’

The office worker captured the cut like a knife.

Lee Sejin, who was struggling, watched his gap while dancing, then picked up a hand microphone with a hot pose at the right time.

And the high note exploded.

-My friend is!

really really sweet~

Their hands are small

Their heart is big!

However, his voice was altered.

A chirping voice rang through the speaker as if he had inhaled helium gas.

That’s why, it got higher.

“No!”

The noise of the bustling audience mixed into the modulated sound.

Park Moondae then struggled to raise the hand microphone with the foreleg of the thick doll suit.

– I like friends~

We are best friends~

Along with a capitalist smile, a flashy autotune surrounded the audience.

“Uahahaha!!”

The fans were now laughing.

It was the same for the office worker. She even saw the person next to her hit the lightstick to avoid hitting everywhere.

‘Crazy.’

Nothing could be this radical.

‘Crazy!!’

It was so unnecessarily great that it was so funny.

And, of course, it was cute.

– Dear friend, dear friend

You’re my best friend

I love you, my friend

Give me a big hug

A low-pitched voice that sounded as if cursing came from Kim Raebin’s rabbit suit.

And instead of hugging each other, they sit back to back.

Thanks to this, they couldn’t control the lump of cotton and all three of them almost fell, and they got up again grabbing each other and pushing each other.

‘Oh, my God.’

Watching the guys singing the chorus dance naturally, the office worker who ran the twin fansite felt it.

‘This is… This is definitely going to pop off!’

This gag, this impact.

The future where they would appear in real-time trends and popular articles was already looking good.

[Testar crazy peopleㅋㅋㅋ]

[Live crazy Testar concert.jpg]

‘I have to do a preview right now and upload a short video on the way home!’

The office worker made the data passionately. And on the stage, the three guys on the losing team were also performing passionately.

The skull-patterned robe and black jumper worn by the stuffed animal suit were generously taken off and thrown to the audience.

By the way, it was disposable, made of paper.

Only its form looked like the actual thing.

“You must be crazy, seriously!”

“Here!!”

Fans cried and cheered, almost laughing. There was no other rock star attitude like this.

– Yeah~ Best friend!!

The performance of the children’s song in the heavy metal version ended with them hotly kneeling down.

Looking at the three stuffed animal boys pretending to be cool and waddling out in the midst of ripping laughter and cheers, the office worker cried out,

‘I’m going to upload it as soon as it’s over!’

She could already see the followers’ content!

And unlike the office worker who was busily picking out photos from the camera and making the previews during the interlude, the heart of another homma sitting near her was a mess.

‘I’m going crazy.’

It was Park Moondae’s first homma.

She looked at the stage where Park Moondae had already left, looking as if she had been riding a roller coaster ten times.

In fact, the homma had been in this state ever since she watched Park Moondae’s solo performance.

‘Moondae, this is… Sigh.’

Lying in the air and singing while floating?

With this stage, she could understand why he injured his wrist and his back.

So it was a problem.

‘It hasn’t been long since you got better, but you really did that…!’

The fact that he really did it without revising it made people feel nervous.

And there was a bigger problem.

‘…It was great.’

The solo stage was really, creepily good.

Despite all the homma’s worries and premonitions.

‘I think it will be difficult to publicize due to artist’s protection… ’

There were so many people who like that stage, so it seemed the topic of ‘If Moondae is fine with it, shouldn’t it be fine?’ would go trending.

Right now, he did it himself.

‘The fact that you’re so good at it is a problem.’

The homma mechanically filmed the VCR opposite her with a nervous face.

In fact, she felt the same sentiment for the heavy metal children’s song he did earlier.

When she saw the kid who had just recovered was singing a group song breathlessly and running around in that heavy doll suit, she thought about all kinds of things.

But at the same time, it was inevitable that she felt pleased and proud and thought it was cute.

Still, the homma had no choice but to cry inwardly.

‘Park Moondae, you’re fine, right? I don’t have to bang my head after the behind-the-scenes footage comes out, right?’

Park Moondae of the VCR turned around with a smile.

* * *

“Ugh.”

“Moondae-ssi!”

“Are you okay?”

I was fine. I just overworked my cochlea because I was walking around in an animal doll suit.

‘It must have looked funny.’

Good. Actually, I thought it was funny too.

“I am fine. Just give me one glucose.”

“Here!”

The staff busily handed over the capsule.

It was salt glucose.

I removed the packaging and swallowed the pill with water. Immediately, a make-up artist came and wiped off the sweat and moisture.

‘Two and a half minutes from now.’

It was time to catch my breath and go out. I took off all the crap lumps of cotton.

Just in time, Keun Sejin was about to take off his doll suit and throw it away.

“Take a breath.”

“I am fine.”

My shortness of breath had long gone. I clicked my tongue.

‘How could they press it like that?’

What I prepared for the solo stage was a wire device that got me floating while lying in the air.

.

I looked like I was floating thanks to the fabric, but even if the fabric was completely unraveled, I was still floating, which was even more surprising…

I was aiming for something like that, and it seemed to work well.

In fact, even if it was a wire device, there was no great burden on the body because safety equipment was widely attached around the waist below the costume.

As long as it was properly installed.

‘It went wrong.’

It was fine during rehearsal, but maybe there was a mistake because they were busy when I used it, or perhaps something went wrong during the maintenance.

It kept pressing down on my left lung.

Fortunately, it didn’t put pressure on my broken rib, so I could finish it properly without any major difficulties other than the lack of oxygen.

I also came down and put on an oxygen mask, so I recovered quickly.

‘Even if there’s no accident, I use an oxygen mask whenever I can.’

In fact, except for Ryu Chungwoo and Seon Ahyeon, everyone used it. Even those two had used it once or twice.

However, an accident was still an accident, so it seemed the others were nervous.

Right now, Seon Ahyeon swallowed and asked.

“I-Is there any pain…”

“Nothing in particular. My physical strength is fine, too.”

I was in good shape because I just kept playing, eating, and practicing.

‘The wrist… well, I rarely use my wrist anyway.’

This much could be managed after the Seoul concert. I shrugged my shoulders.

“Let’s go. We can’t be late. We have to be on standby.”

“Y-Yeah…”

“…”

Ryu Chungwoo, who was watching from next to us, interrupted.

“Moondae. Can we talk again after the concert?”

“Yes, that woud be great.”

I wanted to have a deep conversation about the thought of changing the person in charge of the device.

And the other guys added one by one.

“…Your body, just tell me if it gets worse.”

“Health is the most important thing.”

“Okay. Okay.”

I could rest better if they didn’t talk, but I accepted it in moderation because I was somewhat grateful and I wasn’t a sociopath.

“Move!”

After a rather long VCR, we had to go up to the concert hall again.

Wooow-

Cheers.

And the purple lights that filled the concert hall.

‘It reminds me of the first concert.’

It was understandable. Because it was built that way on purpose.

Listening to the clear percussion through my in-ear, I sang the first part.

– I will meet you tomorrow

I think about it all day long

It was our debut song, ‘Magical Boy’.

– Dream as blue as daytime

At that moment, small shining things from the audience seats began to fly into the air in the wind.

“…!”

Those were soap bubbles.

Numerous round surfaces shimmered in all sorts of colors in the purple light.

“…”

These many people were shooting soap bubbles side by side.

Just like when the first concert started.

Because we remembered that scene together.

[Loviewer will show it to you today!]

A slogan was caught on the electronic display. A familiar phrase was altered.

‘It’s fun.’

I laughed.

‘…It’s nice.’

My brain seemed to disappear because of the adrenaline.

I felt like I had taken some kind of drugs.

The time of the remaining concert passed quickly, as if it had melted away.

* * *

Thus, the first day of the concert ended successfully.

I also heard that there were favorable reviews here and there. Of course, if you went to watch the concert, you must have liked Testar… Still, it was quite rewarding.

‘Good.’

However, not everything went as expected.

“Why don’t you reconsider it?”

“…?”

This was because the members, company, and fans each dragged a variable one by one.

It was driving me crazy.
