---
title: "Chapter 186"
category: "book"
index: 185
section: "Chapter 186"
slug: "186"
---

# Chapter 186

I crossed my arms.

“So… You’re saying that it would be better to revise my solo stage.”

“Yes.”

Ryu Chungwoo nodded with a firm face.

I ordered a special meal at the dorm to celebrate having successfully completed the first day of the concert, but I didn’t know I would hear such words.

‘Is this what he meant when he said we would talk later?’

I have to cut down the person in charge of the device, why should I give up on the performance?

It was my solo stage, so it’s not like I was hurting anyone else, but it was funny to hear people telling me what to do.

I answered bitterly.

“We can just find the person who made the mistake, change them, and keep going. I’ve never felt any particular pressure on that stage.”

“You don’t feel the pressure, but you can feel it in your wrist or waist.”

I held back my sigh.

“…It’s all right. I wouldn’t have done it if I couldn’t stand it in the first place.”

Keun Sejin asked me a question.

Yes, not only Ryu Chungwoo, but the other guys were also listening intently as if we were having a meeting.

“Park Moondae. It’s been more than 3 months since our tour schedule was immediately set. The number of performances is 12, excluding Seoul.”

I know that.

“Can you do it 12 times? Can you do it every time at a new concert hall without making a single mistake?”

“That’s why, it’s fine to make a mistake…”

“I-It’s not fine.”

“…!”

…It was Seon Ahyeon.

“Moondae, you passed out… I-If you do something wrong, you’ll be in big trouble. Y-Your wrist still hurts…”

“…”

My head was pounding. I rubbed my shoulder.

“…I have time until we go abroad anyway. I can fully recover if I rest.”

“Moondae.”

Ryu Chungwoo shook his head.

“Are you a doctor?”

“…!”

“Whatever injury it is… I can’t guarantee that there will be no side effects from the moment the bone is injured.”

Ryu Chungwoo smiled bitterly.

“I guarantee you.”

“…”

This bastard was using a cheat key.

I kept my mouth shut at the words of the former national team member who retired before he got into his prime time due to the aftereffects of injury.

Of course, my silence was not a declaration of surrender.

‘Should I set up the mood first?’

As long as sensitive keywords such as ‘injury’ were included, persuading them only with logic was not a good match.

‘Either way, to put it mildly… I can use the characteristic ‘Now that I heard it, it’s true’.’

The probability was more than half.

I came up with a suitable structure.

And I said hesitantly.

To appeal in this way.

“But… I’ve practiced for a long time to show you this.”

“…That.”

“I thought a lot about the idea and created it. And when I actually tried it, the response was really good…”

I finished my speech with a serious tone.

“It’s such a waste to quit after just one day. I want to do as far as I can. If the recovery from the injury is too slow, I’ll ask for understanding and change it later.”

Ryu Chungwoo’s face darkened slightly.

‘Is it over?’

However, Keun Sejin intervened with a ridiculed face.

“You’ve been on the device for less than 2 weeks, what do you mean you’ve practiced for a long time?”

This bastard.

“…I mean, I’ve thought about it for a long time.”

“Ah, really? You picked this to make an excuse for your injury, right?”

“…!”

“The excuse should have worked in one day, so let’s go for an alternative now. You can refrain from it and later recover completely. We will continue to have concerts in the future.”

Keun Sejin continued to speak with a serious look.

“Look at it from the long-term perspective. Are you going to retire after this tour?”

“…!”

“You’re not.”

That… I don’t know.

I might not be able to continue.

Then, I realized as if I had been hit in the head.

‘Did I care about this?’

If all the status abnormalities were over with this tour, I didn’t know if I would continue to stay as Park Moondae.

‘So this time, I really wanted to do it while I could…?’

It was too sentimental… I wasn’t a kid.

I erased the sentence that crossed my mind at the moment and thought of a nuance that made more sense.

‘Yeah. I guess I want to do well while I am still doing it.’

The stage was more fun than I thought, and it was a rewarding work. In addition, the pay was good, so there was no area to blame.

In the state of being immersed in that sense, there was no long-term certainty, so my standards might have gotten a bit blurred.

While I was lost in thought for a while, Keun Sejin spoke as if driving a wedge.

“Rather than hindering your performance with side effects of the injury, just recover now.”

“…”

Yeah, f*ck.

He was right.

‘I don’t feel like it’s not my body that I use’

Maybe, I could continue to live as Park Moondae.

I sighed.

“All right.”

“…!”

“I already have an alternative, so I’ll look at the condition tomorrow morning and think about it again.”

Bae Sejin, who had been listening quietly, suddenly shouted.

“D-Don’t look at it by yourself! Go to the hospital!”

“…Um, yes.”

It was my solo stage anyway, so I could ignore them and push ahead, but let’s accept it this time.

“Well thought out.”

“Make sure you go to the hospital with the manager tomorrow.”

“You should.”

‘It would be funny if the doctor said I am fine.’

I drew an unanswerable hopeful prediction and postponed the decision until tomorrow morning.

By the way, it was a meaningless move.

Because an argument broke out between those who had concert tickets at dawn that day.

A pretty big one, too.

* * *

The atmosphere was great until the first concert was just over.

– Guys, I love you forever, Testar

– I can’t wrap my head around it. Why was I not at that concert?ㅠㅠ I should have found a seat in the middle, I am an idiotㅠㅠ

– I really love all the performances. The capital they poured is overflowing, but the performance is more memorable than that. I’m going to post a detailed review after I get home

– Moon Puppy, my sweet apple rice cake crybaby king renewed againㅠㅠ (photo)

– It’s hard to type because I am crying and screaming so much, but having my seat on the weekend is the best moment of my life

There were very few lamentations that were posted only under the surface and very few ambiguous responses of regret. It was just a wave of delight.

In addition, as the twin homma had expected, Testar’s improvised talk stage became a hot topic even for non-fans.

As soon as the concert was over, videos of the stage taken with smartphones were uploaded to WeTube.

– Ackㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– I laughed so much that I would have cried if I had seen it on set

– It’s so funny that they were throwing their shirt off. Are they crazyㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– In front of the handsome kids, happily watching a children’s song????Yes

– No, was Kim Raebin always been like that?ㅋㅋㅋ I can’t even imagine, it’s so funny

– The fact that what came out was a ripped tissue box is also funny

The company even got on the trend by quickly leaving a slightly witty post on SNS.

All combinations of our Testar are precious☆

All the improvised performances from the &lt;Enchanted ME&gt; tour will be included as a special feature in the VOD package.

Fans sent doubtful glances saying ‘T-One works quickly?’, but they were relieved that they were able to collect all of the improvised stages officially.

– It was good to continue with the solo songs, I got goosebumps when all the members came out after Chungwooㅠㅠ

– Ahyeon seemed to be in good condition. He was flying around. During the encore, he greeted everyone… But I hope Ahyeon will get the punishment tomorrow. Loviewers, please get it wrong. (Photo of Seon Ahyeon’s greeting)

– Cha Eugene’s dance break, you really have to see it with your own eyes at least once in your life

It was a night filled with detailed reviews and posts about looking forward to tomorrow’s concert from the audience who had returned home.

Of course, there were countless articles about Park Moondae.

– Park Moondae is an angel. I realized it today

– I wondered if it would be okay to spend money to watch it, but Moon Puppy is a genius performer of the century

– The moment he floated in the air and the moment the fabric was unraveled, the timing and color were exactly like Moondae’s taste, so I thought that Moondae was definitely involved in the planning. He wanted to show it even if he was hurt, I thought a lot about it and on the way back so much I shed tears. I became the girl who cried on the bus

– Honestly, I was worried that he might get hurt, but he did a really good job. I’m glad that our puppy recovered quickly but don’t overdo itㅠㅠ

The exquisite shots of Park Moondae, who took the moment of rising in the air with grace, filled the SNS and were shared in all kinds of angles and versions.

There were occasional concerns about injuries, but because the stage was so good and Park Moondae was calm, the majority of people liked it, saying, ‘He must have recovered quickly’.

It was also more convenient for those who believed they could see that stage in person next time.

But the moment this public opinion was about to pass by.

One post was discovered.

[Interlude review of a male idol concert staff]

It was the part-timer’s review post that testified about the collapse of an idol who performed ‘the stage of going up in the air by himself’.

It had been deleted fairly quickly, but it even came out with a verified photo, so of course, there were people who screenshotted it thinking that it was real.

And if you matched the situation, of course, Park Moondae was brought up.

– Did he pass out wearing an oxygen mask?

– My heart is about to drop

– I am going crazy, Moondae really would have done that

– So humiliating. So humiliating. Those bastard really lost their mind. I’ll trust this and burn the shared postsㅋㅋ

– Everyone uses oxygen masks at idol concerts. Why is this one special? He said he’ll work hard, just enjoy it. Why pay money and go crazy?

– It must have been really painful if the injury hadn’t recovered, but he even collapsed. What should I do, seriously…

– It’s just an aggro, why are you guys agreeing?

– There’s nothing official about it, so I hope you all calm down… Are you doing this on purpose, or are you keeping Gommeo’s solo genius performance in check?

All sorts of opinions swirled around and the fans were shaken.

People who were already worried about the side effects of the injury were heartbroken, but because it was just a single unofficial article, various opinions came out.

And this situation deepened over time.

– I sympathized

– There’s a concert today right now, what if he does it again and the injury gets worse? I really can’t stand it

– Let’s not go ahead ourselves. Do you want to be ridiculed by the muggles again?

– I think it’s better to check if it’s true

– Let the sleeping dogs lie… What would you do if he’s doing well? Is leaving the fandom the only answer?

The move to put pressure on the agency and the opinions of skeptics intersected, and it turned into a mess.

They were on the verge of splitting up.

And Park Moondae woke up in the morning and confirmed this.

“…”

He was puzzled.

‘Can I solve this?’

He grumbled, saying, ‘It seems serious when they describe it as pass out, but in reality, it was just a momentary haze’.

However, when it came to this point, Park Moondae had no choice but to admit it.

Because he didn’t want to worry the audience who was concerned about his health while watching the stage.

* * *

I admitted it over breakfast.

“…I should quit.”

“Y-Yes!”

“Well thought out.”

I calmly added to the members who responded.

“Yeah. But only after we’re done in Seoul.”

“…??”

To put it bluntly, all gazes were pouring out to me, asking what kind of nonsense it was.

It didn’t matter. I said it firmly.

“I came up with a good way to explain it to the audience. This is the best.”

“Moondae.”

“I won’t do it until I get better when we’re done in Seoul.”

It was funny that I persuaded them to do my own stage, but anyway, these guys reluctantly agreed.

‘Seriously.’

I contacted the company right away.

And before the concert on the second day.

A notice was posted through the company.

[Hello, we’re T1 Stars]

During Testar’s &lt;Enchanted ME&gt; concert last Friday, a stage equipment error occurred during the performance of the song ‘The Last Flower’.

Considering the risk of reinstalling, the performance of the song will be revised after consulting with the artist.

However, according to the artist’s wishes, this concert in Seoul will be held safely with the presence of experts without any changes.

……

After that, there was a lengthened content about ‘Park Moondae is fine’.

To sum it up, ‘Park Moondae is fine, but because there was a device error, we’ll remove it from now on’.

The agency must have been quite conscious of the fans’ attack, and they agreed to disclose the error of the device since the story was already going around anyway.

They would get criticized a little, but if I had to revise the performance anyway, it would be better to focus on ‘prevention’ rather than highlighting my injury.

‘Either way, it’s another device error, they’ll get criticized for their poor handling.’

It was none of my business. Anyway, the person in charge had been changed to someone more professional, so there wouldn’t be any accidents anymore.

The problem was what I heard from the company afterward.

– The camera is going to come in, but you’ll only see them briefly, so you don’t have to worry about editing…

The participants in season 4 of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; would come to see Testar’s concert.

Of course, it was for broadcast content. Probably, they were planning to include a few cuts of ‘participants who reaffirm their dreams after watching a successful Testar concert’ in the final that would air soon.

After debuting, they would come to this agency anyway, so it was like tasting the water.

‘Hmm, the company is digging their own graves.’

In fact, if they simply attended the concert, it was too ambiguous for the members to refuse.

‘It’s not funny if we ask them to take away the invitations that the company has already given out.’

Tnet’s feelings would also get hurt.

I was a bit worried.

But right after that, I realized that I didn’t have to spend my energy.

It was none of my business.

‘If the company really wants to see the sea of fire… ’

Then, just let them be.

I shrugged.
