---
title: "Chapter 187"
category: "book"
index: 186
section: "Chapter 187"
slug: "187"
---

# Chapter 187

“Wow, that sucks.”

A little past midnight, Kim Raebin’s solo fan was engrossed in the Internet while eating bread.

Testar’s Saturday concert, a mid-day concert that she attended just before midnight, ended as successfully as the first day.

– The kids commented that they liked it more because they had time to spare, and they even laughed during the encore, they were just 100% happy

– Today’s penalty group\: Seon Ahyeon, Cha Eugene, Bae Sejin, and Kim Raebinㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Loviewers are trying so hard to get the quiz wrong. Isn’t that too much?

– No, If they’re doing well, they have to get the punishment tomorrow

– Kim Raebin’s rabbit ears 3 times in a row (photo)

Needless to say, public opinion about the quality and the entertainment was still good.

In other words, the complaints of the day came from other factors.

The first, of course, was due to the company’s announcement about Park Moondae’s stage equipment.

Instead of apologizing, the statement focused on future measures.

If it was a company dealing with consumers of industrial products, that method might have worked, but of course, it didn’t work in the entertainment business.

– Have you gone crazy?

– So, it was true that the kid passed out, you f*cking bastards

– It’s been a while since I saw a post full of avoiding responsibility, every end of the statement is about the artist~The artist’s will~ㅋㅋㅋ Have you lost it?

– I can’t believe he was going to do it all the way to Seoul with a device error. Park Moondae is amazing. I’m already looking forward to the last concert

– In the end, it wasn’t because of Gommeo’s injury, it was because the agency was bad at their jobㅋ T-one, just reinforce the device so that he can do whatever he wants

– I can’t believe that the agency hired an expert only just now. What have you been doing?ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– So after making the kid pass out, you’re saying you’ll make him do it at the Seoul concert because it’s a waste of equipment? Wow

From people who felt like sending trucks and bamboo spears to the agency building without hesitation, to people who were relieved to be able to see the stage in person.

Just like when the rumor first spread, there were various reactions, but this time, they clearly had one thing in common.

Either way, the evaluation of the agency had fallen below the bottom.

Whether it was a concern for Park Moondae or contempt for the agency’s incompetence and shamelessness, they all converged into one and created a sharp atmosphere.

– I thought they had money, but I guess they didn’t have money to spend on the safety of their singers

– T1, go die. Please die

– Just give the company to Moondae

And when it reached this point, people who were cynical began to form an atmosphere of ‘The agency admits their defeat’.

– Honestly, the muggles completely agree, right?

– Practice injury, real-life accidents, controversy announcements, and strikeouts. It’s a small agency wearing the mask of T-one company

– It’s better to dig properly now than to check one by one next time

Kim Raebin’s fan was also like this. However, she had a little bit of stereotypes.

‘The agency is beaten, they’re supposed to listen.’

Anyway, all that public opinion flowed in one direction, and it was about to explode into a public debate as soon as the concert was over.

The only reason they were waiting was to avoid harming Park Moondae and to avoid disputes with other members’ solo fans.

The atmosphere was so intense that even Park Moondae’s fans who just wanted to enjoy the concert leisurely felt uncomfortable.

And in that fire, the second concert began.

“And it all ended.”

Kim Raebin’s fan murmured jaggedly.

As soon as the concert started and ended on the second day, the brutal atmosphere visibly faded.

There was only one reason for this.

…Park Moondae at the concert looked relaxed and happy.

Of course, while being incredibly enthusiastic on stage.

– Even if you watch it in low resolution, Moondae’s face looks good…

– Moon Puppy getting a slogan at the encore (photo)

– Moodae is so excited. There’s no Tibet. It’s just the puppyㅠㅠ

– Park Moondae, side by side and choked upㅠㅠ Our apple rice cake is so juicyㅠㅠ (photo)

His solo stage was even more powerful than the first day.

Even the fans, who had been watching nervously before the stage, were loosened by the ease and momentum around the middle.

– Crazycrazy Park Moodae crazy

– The visualization of the best idol

After creating a good stage, seeing idols who were happy to see them face to face had the effect of making them sympathize.

They felt like they had shared a perfect successful moment.

The happiness transmitted from the party concerned slightly cooled down their heated minds.

So Park Moondae’s fans began to refine the level of feedback they would send to the company.

From burning them at the stake to criticizing them.

– I am the leader of &lt;Park Moondae Space&gt;. The statement to the agency is being written based on anonymous voting, with an emphasis on safety. (draft attachment)

– You’ll see how far the boycott will go if another incident occurs in the future.

– If there are signs of something similar will happen, I will boycott T1, even their jinppang[1]Tl notes\: Jinppang = fluffy steamed buns filled with red bean paste. too

T1 Star, who was monitoring while biting their nails, breathed a sigh of relief and was preparing to react to the feedback in advance.

‘Ugh.’

Kim Raebin’s fan, who was searching for all kinds of keywords related to ‘Park Moondae injury’ and ‘Park Moondae accident’, sneered at the fading atmosphere.

‘Ah, whether Park Moondae enjoyed this concert or not, the agency has to lose~ Why are you trusting yourself to Park Moondae??’

She grumbled that she should have squeezed the agency at this opportunity, but deep down, she was also relieved.

FullMoon Baby

\: XX1207 “Magic is You” Preview

(photo) (photo) (photo) (photo)

I love you, my star

#ParkMoondae #TeSTAR #Testarcon #Enchanted-ME #MoonPuppy #Moondae

‘…Well, he did look happy.’

The college student’s expression faded as she watched Park Moondae’s sweaty face singing a fan song during the encore. She felt like her fighting power was shrinking faster with the low-definition photos.

However, she changed her attitude shortly after.

‘No, since he looked happy, isn’t it right to think that we should beat the ones who almost made him unhappy?’

The college student, who was huffing and puffing, updated her timeline vigorously with the thought of checking once more to see if anyone had similar thoughts.

And suddenly, she checked a post.

– I thought it was for VOD because there were many cameras in the best seat in front of the extended stage ㅋㅋ It’s Idol Inc 4 shooting, wow… (photo)

“…!!”

The attached photo showed a camera clearly marked with the logo of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; season 4.

The real complaints of the day, the news of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; season 4 participants watching the concert, began to be shared as a popular post.

Not only in fans’ SNS, but it had also begun to appear all over the community.

[Idol Inc 4 finalists were witnessed at Testar concert today.jpg]

[Testar concert will come out in Idol Inc 4?]

“What?”

As a finishing touch, the &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;’s production team, who was delighted to call this ‘going viral’, attracted the aggro as always.

[&lt;Idol Inc. re-listed! Season 2&gt; Stock Idol Testar cheers for the finalists ☆ Bling bling concert is a bonus! (EP.14 preview)]

At dawn on the very same day, this video was released as a final trailer.

* * *

I took a sip of cold beer.

I had a concert tomorrow too, so I had no intention of drinking too much, and it just was to relax.

‘It ends up like this.’

After the concert. The public opinion, which I confirmed while lying in the bathtub of the dorm, was running out of control.

‘First of all, the announcement was fine.’

It didn’t specify the side effects of the injury, but only revealed the device’s failure.

I pushed ahead with the stage until the Seoul concert.

It was to seal up the pointless differences of opinion among the concert audience.

Whether it was the people who cared whether ‘Park Moondae had recovered’ or worried about ‘being able to watch the stage of production’, both should be satisfied.

‘So that the debate wouldn’t become a controversy.’

As I had expected, the topic subsided.

And to prevent further gossip, I tried to show myself at the concert looking as stable as possible.

…However, I didn’t know that there would be so many people who good-naturedly cared about my mood.

How could Park Moondae looking so happy had such an impact?

“…Hmm.”

I was a little embarrassed, but… It wasn’t bad. Thanks to that, it seemed I had gone overboard with today’s concert.

‘I have Bacchus 500, so I will be fine.’

According to my calculations, I should recover well by tomorrow.

It went in a slightly different direction than I had expected, but I was able to settle it down within the expected range by slowing down the criticism that would pour down on the agency.

‘Now, even if a bomb explodes as the final trigger, the company’s resentment will not come directly to me.’

I was not the ultimate cause.

‘Because they got ruined by &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; season 4, the agency must be blaming Tnet.’

And in fact, the bomb was already exploding.

“Hmm.”

I put on the screen the trailer for the final episode of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; that Tnet just uploaded.

[Hello, we’re Testar!]

Familiar people in concert outfits bowed with a smile.

We didn’t bother to refuse the final cheering interview for &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;. If they were going to perish, might as well perish splendidly.

‘Still, at least they didn’t take a face-to-face cut with the participants, as if trying to keep the line.’

Thanks to that, none of the members had to worry, and after the concert, even in an exhausted state, they smiled and filmed words of encouragement and support.

But I didn’t expect them to edit it hastily and hit us with a final preview right at midnight.

‘Normally, it would’ve been taken as a hot topic even if they got cursed at. Too bad.’

The timing was not good.

Because of my case, even among the fans of the other members, the image of the agency was at its lowest point.

‘It’s perfect to get cursed at by tying it up with the agency.’

It wasn’t a situation where they could just rub it in and move on with words like, ‘It must have come out to promote the concert tour’.

At the bottom of the video which had more ‘dislikes’ than ‘likes’, all sorts of comments were lining up.

– Wow! 30 seats in the center in front of the console!^^

– I’m sick of it. Idol Inc, stop crossing the line

– I don’t have a seat yet, but a program that was cut down in the past crawled into the concertㅋㅋㅋ

– ㅋㅋㅋI was joking about boycotting the jinppang, but I guess I am going to do it for realㅠㅠ

And thanks to Testar’s fans getting angry with the agency, &lt;Idol Inc&gt; season 4 participants got less swearing than they normally would.

Because they also added the complaints to the company.

– They are being held hostage by this garbage program and suffering again. Let’s all get out of here

– Do you send people who haven’t even debuted yet to a male idol concert to get a picture of them cheering? Oh, you’re getting caught, you’re giving cheers to the kids you want to send awayㅋㅋIt’s obvious

– Just show one more cut of the participants. Who would want to see a male idol when every single scene is a waste?

&lt;Idol Inc.&gt; Season 4 fans who didn’t want to be attacked began to attack T1 and Tnet together.

It was a strategic choice because they didn’t want to look bad since the weight class didn’t match, and it was clear that they would continue to be involved in the future.

Of course, there must have been enough anger accumulated on Tnet while watching &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;.

I clicked my tongue.

‘…There must have been an uproar after calling so early in the morning.’

It was obvious.

I sympathized a little with the regular staff of the company, but then I stopped when I realized I wasn’t in a situation to care about others

‘Still, as long as this tour goes well, I can easily fulfill the status abnormality.’

And when that happened, I…

“…Park Moondae! Are you there?”

“…!”

Someone calling me from outside the bathroom door could be heard dully through the steam.

“Um, yes.”

…I must have been sitting here too long. I got up from the lukewarm water.

Then, after roughly wiping off the water, I put on my clothes, took the empty beer can, and walked out of the door.

The one standing outside was Bae Sejin.

‘Are you in a hurry to go to the bathroom… ’

I deliberately waited for the others to sleep, but it seemed the other bathrooms were already being used by someone else.

I tried to pass him by with a nod and go to the trash can.

But I was caught by my shoulder.

“Y-You.”

“Yes?”

What.

Bae Sejin gulped and glanced at one side and said.

At the empty beer can in my hand.

“Aren’t you drinking too much…?”

What are you saying?
