---
title: "Chapter 190"
category: "book"
index: 189
section: "Chapter 190"
slug: "190"
---

# Chapter 190

Of course, I had guessed that the new idol group selected by season 4 of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; would come to the agency.

It was just, things were getting a little more interesting now.

”Naturally, I thought they would hire a new person in charge for that part.’

Testar was still in their 2nd year, so the company was going to hire someone here.

For the sake of a group that hadn’t entered and gotten a proper estimate yet.

“Oh~ We’re getting juniors, too! Ah, but instead of hiring new ones, our employees are going there? Aren’t you getting too much work?”

“They’ll hire new ones, too! But it seems they’re trying to distribute some of the experienced people. Don’t worry, hyung isn’t going~ They’ll send off the second manager!”

“Haha~”

Keun Sejin laughed brightly at the manager’s joking remarks, but he must have roughly guessed the atmosphere since he had experience with big and small agencies.

‘The director has left Testar and hold onto the junior group.’

To be exact, he was fed up with Testar’s fans.

From the director’s perspective, it was right to think that his predecessors had already been replaced two times at a fast pace and that the fans would get furious if he did anything.

In fact, Testar’s fans were already watching the agency closely.

‘And the members even oppose his vision.’

That American disease.

The new group had also been through that crazy &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; survival show and had formed enough fandom, so it wasn’t strange that he turned the central manpower to that side and dreamed of a new vision.

“Our company’s performance is good these days~ People with better skills will come, don’t worry too much!”

“Yes, yes!”

What do I think?

‘It’s a great profit.’

It was great.

The company wouldn’t want to pick a fight with the fans again, so they would take care of it properly.

In that case, this situation where the director could only pull capital investment without interfering was the best.

After all, we could plan on our own.

‘Is this the second coming of the payment bot?’

However, there was one thing that bothered me.

There was a risk factor that they might stop investing properly in the new album and tried to turn the tour around.

‘We’re being treated like a cash cow.’

There was a good chance that the director would go crazy when he saw the sales volume once he checked the profits after this tour ended.

Now that he had other options to care about and grow on his own, it would be difficult if Testar asked him to withdraw money.

So what are the countermeasures?

It’s simple.

‘We just need to make sure that they can’t give up their capital investment in Testar.’

Three and a half years until the end of the contract.

In the meantime, we had to steadily keep growing.

It scratched both the economic aspect ‘because they’re bigger, we can increase the scale of their tour’ and the honor-seeking aspect ‘the singer under me has become so great’.

‘Looking at the personality of the director this time, he won’t be able to give it up.’

Therefore, Testar’s external atmosphere was important during this tour.

It was the first long hiatus. We should manage our popularity beyond showing our faces at the awards ceremonies.

However, with the already tight schedule, we couldn’t put in additional activities in Korea.

Then there was only one answer.

‘We’ll have to present the reality show better than planned.’

To increase the scale of the schedule that was set.

‘I’ll have to be proactive.’

It was the first time I made this resolution since &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;, so let’s grab the content and the personalities in a more provocative way.

“Are we going to watch our juniors??”

“It will be difficult right now.”

I could hear Ryu Chungwoo answering Cha Eugene’s words nearby.

And he was right.

The departure for the tour was tomorrow.

* * *

After the well-received Seoul concert, Testar left for America.

During the award ceremony season in January, they went to Japan, which was close to Korea, so that they could go back and forth quickly.

And the fans who used up all the content at the concert were sucking their fingers.

It was just around that time that the last episode of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; season 4, which drew aggro with Testar’s concert, was aired.

[Controversial &lt;Re-listed! Idol Inc. 2&gt;… Is the grand finale coming to an end?]

[&lt;Idol Inc.&gt; Season 4’s debut name ‘Mirinay (**Miry-nay**)’ has been finalized]

[&lt;Idol Inc.&gt;’s New Season Winners, living under the same roof as Testar?]

In response to Testar fans’ sharp reaction, Tnet also slipped out, and Testar’s concert only briefly appeared as a nuance to praise themselves.

However, even if it wasn’t for this issue, &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; season 4 had failed to properly shake off numerous gossip.

Because Season 3 Testar was so good that they were constantly compared to each other, and it came out with a more stimulating composition each time.

– Even if I am a survival nerd, I can’t stand this season, go away

– Looking back, season 3 is like a fairy

– After watching its craziness, I escaped to Testarㅅㅂ

The program’s image was at its worst, due to the accusations of being overly sadistic and squeezing the dreams and hopes of aspiring candidates, and testimonies from participants who dropped out.

Therefore, apart from the success of the program, the public felt uncomfortable about the group that was launched through this season.

So, naturally, Testar’s fans didn’t want to be deeply involved. Even more so because they were creating their own image and worldview after their debut.

– Don’t tie them up together

– I want to know what the kids are up to but I feel uncomfortable

– It’s nice that you’re quiet when you release the group. As expected, losing is the answer

However, except for a few articles, there was no particular reckless act from the agency, so the hostility was not strong yet.

There were a lot more fans who were paying attention to Testar’s news, which was not long before this.

– It’s been a long time since I saw the kids’ faces, they left right after the pre-recording of Gayo Daejeon (photo taken on the way home)

– Come to the W app, guysㅠㅠ There’s no content these days and I’m bored…

– 2X1221 New Jersey Concert Preview (photo)

– Moondae’s solo has been modified to sit on a chair and rise up. It’s more stable, but it’s a bit disappointingㅠ I hope the Seoul Concert V0D will be released immediately

Testar was not in Korea throughout December except for the year-end programs on public TV and big awards ceremonies.

Besides, except for a short W live to celebrate Park Moondae’s birthday, they only heard the news of the tour.

There was no news of their own content. The behind-the-scenes footage of the concert was not uploaded either, probably because it was on VOD.

Naturally, people who were worried and freaking out began to appear.

It was an inductive reasoning formed by past experiences of KPOP enthusiasts.

– Looking at the atmosphere right now, I don’t think there will be any content throughout the tour.

– Motherf*cking bastards, It’s obvious that Testar’s new content will be put on the back burner to take care of the rookies by taking out Testar’s manpower. It’s not just once or twice this has happened

-Enjoy the awards season to the fullest Loviewers, this year is the end of watching Testar on domestic music shows for three weeks every time they make a comebackㅋㅋ

– F*ck, It’s only been 2 years since our kids debuted. Don’t tell me they will go on a tour all around. Promise me they’ll make a comeback twice a year at least, you f*cking bastards

– It’s time to gradually reorganize activities focusing on overseas, but each one is too big.

Some people even went this far.

– I hope that the next album will not be well received overseas so that they can focus on Korea

└Don’t say things like that with the kids’ profile

└I am not even Shamstar[1]In case you’ve forgotten, Shamstar is Testar’s modified name to prevent searches. , so what’s wrong with that?ㅋㅋ Getting more popular here won’t help you at all. They don’t come to Korea and only fan sign cuts will f*cking increase. My initial determination is broken. It’s the shortest way to get rid of early-days fans

In fact, it wasn’t like they hadn’t heard from Testar for over a month or two, so it was too early to say anything like that.

The problem was that Testar had been working nonstop like a cow, so news usually poured out every day.

The news, which was delivered on all kinds of SNS and videos even during the vacation, was suddenly cut off, so this brief silence alone agitated people.

– The tour just started and it overlapped with the year-end programs, so of course they must be busy

└What are you saying? Shamstar is hanging out everywhereㅎ I guess leaving the country is for sightseeing rather than the tourㅋ

– I am only saying it here… I’m a bit sad that it’s difficult to upload a picture of them goofing around

└That’s right ㅁㄷ The birthday celebration at the last concert… In the end, they did a lot of things that didn’t solve anythingㅠㅠ

– It’s a mess. I wonder if the idol has been too nice to you or if there are a lot of people who haven’t been a fan before; I’m sad and sick of everything

Still, it’s not that there wasn’t any content at all thanks to the appearances in the year-end programs, so it was December when these voices were treated lightly

And on the last day of December, when fans felt sorry for Testar who also appeared in a pre-recorded event at MBS’ Gayo Daejejeon.

A notification came on Testar’s official WeTube channel.

Ring.

[(Trailer) **Happy New Year**! Testar’s new reality show with the New Year!]

The thumbnail was a picture of seven figures sitting on the beach.

‘Ah, finally!’

‘Yeah, you should release at least a reality show, it’s a vacuum!’

‘Since they’re on tour, it’s probably going to be like a boring documentary, but it’s okay! It’s still content!’

Fans quickly clicked on the thumbnail, relieved by the New Year’s gift.

And they got a bit perplexed by the video that was playing.

‘…??’

First of all… The high notes of magnificent brass instruments and vocalists roared.

Bam bam bam bam bam bambam!!

[Urgh!]

[Argh!]

[Wow,]

[**Oops!!**]

[Ugh!]

The scenes of each Testa member screaming and sighing to that beat quickly passed by.

[…]

And finally, Bae Sejin, who was completely frozen and raising his hands, was captured for a long time.

On the floor, spilled ice cream could be seen.

-???

-ㅋㅋHn?

– What is thisㅋㅋㅋ

Leaving the bewildered real-time reaction behind, the video suddenly calmed down.

The peaceful daily life of Testar being interviewed suddenly followed.

The question was also simple.

[Have you ever had a part-time job?]

[Lee Sejin\: Yes!]

[Chungwoo\: I helped my parents’ store?]

[Bae Sejin\:… No. (Nervous) W-Why do you ask?]

White text appeared on a black screen.

[Just becauseㅎ]

And the scene changed again.

The production team shouted at Testar, who was wearing a suit during a business trip and carrying their briefcases.

[Everyone! Are you ready for the reality show shooting? This time, the theme is free travel!]

[Lee Sejin\: Wow!!]

[Seon Ahyeon\: Really?]

[Of course! Feel free to go around!]

And the heartwarming cuts of Testar having a good time in groups of two or three people at exotic beaches or restaurants flashed by.

With this red caption.

[※A fee will be charged.※]

Again, white text appeared significantly on a black screen.

[As expected, Testar… Will they be able to safely earn money and go out to play!?]

[Eugene\: I want to go home.]

[Moondae\: Please let us go…]

Park Moondae and Cha Eugene, who covered their eyes with both hands, came out futile and funny.

[Testar’s reality showshowshow]

[Idol Working Holiday]

[Episode 1 will be released on Thursday, January 9th!]

Of course, it was a taste of full-fledged public entertainment that the fans didn’t see coming.

* * *

“Today’s sales finally exceed $1,000, so I think we can go to the theme park tomorrow without debt.”

“Wow!”

There was applause all around. The members stretched out with proud faces and gave high fives.

“W-Would you like this?”

“Thank you.”

I took the plum juice that Seon Ahyeon made. I was quite proud.

‘Everyone worked hard.’

If this continued, we would be able to move smoothly without debt… Wait a minute.

“…”

‘This… I don’t think this is a variety show anymore…?’

Everyone was too immersed.

When I realized that in the filming site, we were more serious about paying off debt than playing around, I broke into a cold sweat

‘How can I save this?’

I am afraid I can’t.

I guess I’ll have to encourage wasting money.
