---
title: "Chapter 191"
category: "book"
index: 190
section: "Chapter 191"
slug: "191"
---

# Chapter 191

In fact, when this reality program was planned, it had a simple travel and healing concept.

With the director’s American disease and the part that reacted to American culture added, this composition was very obvious.

‘It’s going to end with only a few fans watching.’

You got the estimate.

Well-known idols appeared only to heal, so how could they stay popular for so long?

So, the reality show crew was languishing, too. Because they were already having fun picking out provocative images that tormented the cast.

So it was quite easy to fish around.

– Wouldn’t it be fun if there are curves in the program? Like earning money for the trip on your own…

– Wouldn’t it??

We fell for it right away.

The director was already distracted by the prospective junior group, so the change of proposal easily passed.

And, as expected, the reality show crew began to reconstruct the concept of ‘earning money on your own and playing’ in the most stimulating way.

…That meant I didn’t expect to get hit at the back of my head by a debt claim on the first day of filming.

“Ah~ I was so worn out that day that it was so hard to recover.”

“That’s right. I learned the importance of responsible consumption…”

“What did we eat back then? Lobster?”

“Lobster and King Crab! It was very delicious!”

“Yes, it was delicious…”

Cha Eugene’s bright remarks made some people look sad. It was understandable.

‘The crew deliberately drove us to an expensive course.’

– No~ you really can go anywhere!

By saying it like this.

All of the members commented that the nuance sounded like ‘playing to your heart’s content on the first day will motivate you to work hard to go play again’.

So on the first day, we watched dolphins, ate lobsters, and slept at a luxury resort in Cape May, New Jersey.

And here was the amount charged.

“But I didn’t expect to be charged a whole $4,000.”

“I know, right.”

It was about 4.5 million won in Korean won.

If I hadn’t reduced the price to $1,800 by asking, ‘Shouldn’t we stay at the dorm even if we didn’t play?’ I would still be in debt.

It was a very shocking start, but looking back, it certainly had been fun.

It’s not that I didn’t really have that money, it was betrayal and shock in an entertainment show, so there was nothing particularly sadistic about it.

‘All the staff laughed… ’

I remembered Bae Sejin looking at them with a face full of betrayal.

Anyway, I had worked like a cow ever since, paid off the debt in three days, and saved $800 for the theme park tomorrow.

It was more fun than expected.

‘…I was so immersed in it because making money was addictive.’

Cash came and went, but it felt different when I got it in my hands.

We played one more time in the middle, but I didn’t think it had much of an impact because all we did was run around the beach snacking on things to save money as much as possible.

‘So this time, it’s better to edit it with some stimulation.’

“All right, let’s plan it out tomorrow.”

“F-Fighting!”

“Testar is doing great today, too~”

The theme park tomorrow seemed like a good opportunity. I would make us spend all our savings and put us back into debt.

The tickets to the amusement park and safari alone would already cost $450, so there was about $350 left… Each person spending 50,000 won would be quick.

‘It’s easy.’

I just had to target Cha Eugene.

I took off my apron and hung it by the sink.

Anyway, I hoped they would just enjoy the program.

* * *

Testar’s reality show was carried out in the form of two episodes being released weekly.

However, only those who signed up for a paid membership could see the sequel right away, and general users had to wait three more days to watch the sequel.

It was a preview arrangement that showed a determination to take care of both money and popularity.

And their determination worked well.

[Testar going crazy at Working Holiday Reality show is revealed todayㅋㅋㅋ]

The reaction to the first episode, where Testar was scammed by the production crew from the airport and eventually started a part-time job to repay the interest-free loan, was very hot.

The percentage of paid membership subscribers increased noticeably.

In addition, Park Moondae had one more goal that was mixed in here.

That nuance was revealed in the scene where Testar finally realized the existence of the debt.

[Here it is~ The small store we rented! You can make a profit there!]

[Kim Raebin\: Gasp.]

[Ryu Chungwoo\: A-Are the items already decided? What kind of store is it?]

[It’s not decided yet, but if the cost exceeds $100, it is added to the debt!]

[Lee Sejin\: Heol.]

And a shameless caption appeared.

[Whatever you want~ You can sell anythingㅎㅎ]

But right after that, Park Moondae, who had been calmly listening to the production team without expression, said this.

[Park Moondae\: Then let’s sell hotteok.]

(TL notes\: Hotteok = Korean sweet pancake.)

[????]

[Seon Ahyeon\: Hotteok?]

[Lee Sejin\: Moondae, do you want to eat hotteok?]

[Park Moondae\: No, it’s not an obvious choice of menu, but I think there will be some competitiveness. The cost is cheap, and the taste is good. I think you just have to do well with the customers… I think everyone will be fine.]

It was a convincing tone. Sounds like ‘Oh’ and ‘That’s fine’ began to come out here and there.

The idols, who had been hit in the back of their heads so many times even before their debut and got used to it, quickly understood the situation on their own and began to pioneer a survival route.

The weak point where Testar could be boring and frustrating if dragged too one-sidedly by the production crew had disappeared.

Rather, the production crew began to panic.

[Lee Sejin\: But is there a place that sells them?]

[Seon Ahyeon\: Wouldn’t there be a Korean mart nearby…? Many Koreans live in New Jersey… I think I heard something like that!]

[Park Mundae\: Yes. And I am good at making hotteok.]

[Lee Sejin\: Oh~ So confident!]

[Cha Eugene\: **I’m in!** (Expresssion of confidence)]

[Ryu Chungwoo\: That’s nice. Ah, it would go well with chocolate or ice cream on top.]

Even Bae Sejin nodded with a nervous face, and the agreement was over in an instant.

Ryu Chungwoo answered the production team refreshingly.

[Ryu Chungwoo\: Okay. We’ll sell hotteok.]

[PD\: I-Is that so? Don’t you want to consider anything else? Well, it doesn’t have to be food, there are a lot of other things~]

[Cha Eugene\: Nope!]

With the member’s clear refusal, the image of the PD looking at the sky entered the cut scene.

[Expecting a lot of trial and error from Testar]

[We’ve prepared a lot of mini-games]

[But in the end, we couldn’t use any of them and sent them back to Korea…]

Along with the blue sky, lively country music played hilariously.

[☆Decided to open Testar’s hotteok store☆]

[(It took 5 minutes)]

That was how Testar started the hotteok business in the corner of an American beach… That was the composition.

It was a choice that captured all three types of popularity\: money, food, and gukppong.

[That employee is cute!]

[Hotteok? It’s crispy and delicious.]

And after a lot of twists and turns while hearing compliments from foreigners who didn’t know Testar, the scene of selling hotteok was briefly inserted as a preview.

It was no wonder that people couldn’t resist this familiar taste of entertainment and paid for the paid membership.

– The production crew is so evil. So funnyㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– ㅠㅠIt’s so cute when Testar was surprised. Please tell us a lot of behind-the-scenes stories, too!

– Wow, an idol reality show is doing something like this, too. It’s cool and it’s a lot of funㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– Foreigner’s reaction to hotteok? This taste… It’s the taste of gukppong!

– I didn’t expect it to be this funny. Hurry up, show the next episode

There were a lot of comments from people who were full of expectations.

Fortunately, their expectations were not betrayed.

In the second episode that followed, Testar started running the store, boasting quite good teamwork.

And up to episode 3 where they took time off to see the beach a few days later, the reality show progressed at a fun and fast tempo.

[What club are you in? Are you a college student? A high school student?]

[Similar! Dancing, singing~]

The scene where Cha Eugene smiled and said something half-truthful made the taste of the so-called ‘Meta who hides his power’ could be felt properly.

People’s reactions to the second and third episodes, which faithfully met their expectations, didn’t cool down.

– Hey, these guys are doing a really good job, they won’t starve anywhereㅋㅋㅋㅋ

-It’s smart that they spread food taster and drink coupons on the beach for promotion. As expected, Lee Sejin is a genius;

-Chungwoo is hot even by American standards… I knew it.

– Hotteok ice cream is really crazy. Is it only Americans who can order? Loviewers want it tooㅠ

– Cooking\: Park Moondae, Kim Raebin

Taking orders\: Seon Ahyeon, Cha Eugene

Serving\: Lee Sejin, Ryu Chungwoo

Hamster\: Bae Sejin

The best combination

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Why is only Bae Sejin the hamsterㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Our hamster is working hardㅠㅠ

As the entertainment-type personalities were discovered, there was also the effect of having the image of the members softened.

And finally, the emotional moment when they finally exceeded $1,000 in sales and went to the theme park.

Testar’s determination to deliberately spend money only on their savings was smashed, causing a burst of laughter as the scene went through editing.

The trigger was Park Moondae, as determined by Park Moondae.

[Park Moondae\: That’s cute.]

[Lee Sejin\: Heol~ Moondae, if we buy something like that, our budget is over!]

[Park Moondae\:… Right. Sorry.]

Park Moondae reacted a little sullenly to Lee Sejin’s gag skit at the souvenir shop.

After Keun Sejin’s backpedaling, numerous exclamation marks were edited, and Cha Eugene intervened.

[Cha Eugene\: Buy it! Let’s buy it!]

[Kim Raebin\: Huh??]

[Seon Ahyeon\: Right, I think it’ll be fine…!]

[Cha Yujin\: We’ll work again! Earn money again!]

[Bae Sejin\: T-That’s true, but…]

It just so happened that Ryu Chungwoo was away.

The moment Bae Sejin, the eldest, was flustered by Cha Eugene’s assertive claim, Cha Eugene deliberately pretended to be pitiful.

[Cha Eugene\: Let’s enjoy it today! We’re working hard…]

[Bae Sejin\:… Then, just this time.]

[Cha Eugene\: **Yeah**!]

That was how Testar went shopping at the souvenir shop with the rationalization ‘Let’s buy it just this once’.

The caption from the happy production team appeared.

[Of course, it doesn’t end with just this one time♡]

They were right.

Saying that it was easy once you tried it, Testar went through a similar pattern and started buying all kinds of souvenirs and snacks.

And in the end, they began to reach out to the production team’s finance.

[Ask for this much~ Guys, that’s the money you can earn by working for 3 hours!]

[Seon Ahyeon\: That’s true, but…]

[Cha Eugene\: That’s right!]

[Bae Sejin\: (Confused)]

[It doesn’t have interests so who cares? Everyone, this is your first trip to the US!]

The result of falling for this trick.

[Today’s settlement… Wow! Minus 1,012 dollars!]

[!!!!]

It ended like this.

[You have to work hard, everyone~]

Episode 4 ended with Testar hugging dolls, cushions, and hats, and returning to the dorm with confused faces.

– ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅠㅠㅠㅠThe kids lost all their money, what should I do!!

– This is why loan s are dangerous.

-The production crew prevented these unfortunate guys from working for more than 7 hours a day to manage their tour conditions and encourages debtㅋㅋ

└Even if the kids beg to sell a little more because people are rushing in, they say, ‘It’s for you guys ^^’ I’ve never heard such a wickedly nice sound

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㄹㅇ

The Gold Disc Awards was even held in the week when the story of the Testar’s theme park money squandering ended.

That meant it was the week Testar entered the country.

The viewers of the reality show had already waiting been for that day.

Because it was an opportunity to laugh when the number of cases was caught even if just a little.

– Please add hotteok to Testar’s fan chant

– Ah, I think I’ll laugh just by looking at their faces

– I can’t wait to see you guys, seriouslyㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

– It would be legendary if they even certify it with the souvenirs

But it wasn’t just their fans who were waiting for Testar’s domestic schedule.

* * *

“Huft.”

The evening of Testar’s arrival.

Sitting in the lobby for company staff, the rookie idol waited quite a long time to meet Testar.

‘…I heard they would stop by the office today.’

The news was delivered by their manager, who also worked as Testar’s manager, so his words were reliable.

The idol clasped her hands together and thought calmly.

‘Get a grip. I have to say it well today.’

Just then, the automatic door to the parking lot opened.

“…!”

What appeared after that… were several tall men wearing hats and masks.

They were Testar.

‘They’re here…!’

The rookie idol jumped up and ran toward them.

“Hello, sunbae-nim!”

The rookie from the same company as Testar, the participant who debuted in second place in &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; Season 4 bowed her head to them.

“Yes? Ah, yes. Hello.”

“Ah, nice to meet you.”

“Yes! I’m terribly sorry, but if you don’t mind, can I talk to you for a second…!”

“…”

It was extremely polite and desperate.

It was like a new employee’s attitude toward their boss.

“Uh…”

Among Testar members who exchanged glances with slight bewilderment, Park Moondae was slightly impressed.

‘Oh.’

He had a feeling.

He felt like she was going to unravel the story of the director.
