---
title: "Chapter 192"
category: "book"
index: 191
section: "Chapter 192"
slug: "192"
---

# Chapter 192

First of all, we moved to a nearby empty meeting room with the second-place winner of this season’s &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; who appeared out of nowhere.

“Thank you so much!”

“…It’s nothing.”

No, it was actually a situation she should be grateful for.

She suddenly asked for our time in the middle of our schedule without making any prior arrangements.

For a junior who we met for the first time, at that.

‘At least, I have some free time because the meeting concerns personal s.’

If not for that, she would have no chance.

– Ah, your talk will go well if you’re together with Moondae!

Like this, Keun Sein made a hole to escape just now.

‘Hmm, that’s what they said. Sorry.’

The reason I didn’t avoid this situation even if it could turn out bad with just a little flip was simple.

‘It’s better to know in advance.’

Someone must have taken action that would affect Testar, but it would be distorted once the company went through it.

‘If you listen to it directly, getting out of it would be easy.’

It wasn’t morally problematic if we couldn’t provide specific help to each other in the same situation.

‘Then let’s listen to it.’

…However, what came out of the hubae’s mouth after she said her greeting was more than I could have imagined.

“The working title of our debut title track is ‘Magical Girl’…!”

“Cough!”

The sound just now was not from me, but from Kim Raebin, who was sitting next to me. He wasn’t part of the meeting either, so he had time.

And I’d make that noise if I had been drinking something, too.

‘Are they crazy?’

Is the person in charge over there crazy? No, there could be a misunderstanding.

I managed to open my mouth.

“Testar’s debut song, it’s ‘Magical Boy’…”

“Yes, yes! When I heard it, I was immediately reminded of that song. The lyrics are also similar, and the genre is also similar…”

It wasn’t a misunderstanding.

The hubae’s face was pale.

“The concept is already done… I’ve seen the outfits, and they’re really, really similar…”

“…”

“I came to see you because I thought I had to tell you…”

Yeah, I understood that part for sure.

‘She came here because she thought this would f*ck us all together.’

After all, since this kid also suffered in Idol Inc, there was no way she blindly believed that Testar would help.

A senior with a two-year gap in the same agency was very close to a rival.

However, if something like this broke out, Testar would get hurt, so she came here expecting that we would oppose it as well.

It was a reasonable guess. But I couldn’t just blindly believe it.

‘Let’s dig up some more.’

I had a rough idea of what the agency was thinking, but I needed to hear more about the situation.

But I didn’t have anything to fish around with.

Kim Raebin raised his hand before I could.

“May I ask you a question?”

“Yes? Yes!”

Considering this guy’s social nature, I thought briefly about keeping his mouth shut, but I gave up.

Because Kim Raebin was the person who directly had a hand in the song ‘Magical Boy’.

And as expected, Kim Raebin hit the mark.

“How similar are the songs? Is there more than a common denominator in the concept in addition to genre similarities??”

“That… Ah!!!”

The hubae excitedly put her hands on the table.

“Oh, I got something! It entered the bridge briefly!”

“Yes…?”

“The melody that goes ‘Ttarara~’ in Magical Boy!”

“…!!”

The most iconic riff melody of ‘Magical Boy’, a refreshing accompaniment played by Kalimba. That one…?

‘Wait, isn’t this plagiarism?’

Even if the original songwriter wrote that, it had a copyright issue.

As far as I know, that transformation occurred because Kim Raebin added a few more chords to the lower notes during the arrangement process.

So, Kim Raebin was definitely among the list of songwriting copyright holders…

“Ah, it’s sampling.”

However, Kim Raebin calmly shook his head. The hubae opened her mouth wide.

“S-Sampling…”

“Yes. Unauthorized sampling has often occurred in popular music history since the past, but recently, it has been avoided…”

“At any rate, you haven’t heard anything from them.”

“Yes.”

“It’s also legally ambiguous.”

“Yes, it depends on the quantity… In fact, there are many cases that haven’t been recognized as legal issues. Moreover, in this case, since you said that it briefly entered the bridge, there is a possibility that it could be interpreted as homage…”

In other words, it might have to be solved only regarding the moral problems caused by public opinion.

‘Come to think of it, I think there have been numerous cases where the permission is obtained once it is released.’

I clicked my tongue.

‘…I think this is the director’s endeavor.’

Anyway, the director had half given up on realizing his vision through Testar.

In that case, it wasn’t strange that he prepared to use Testar as the nourishment for the rookie group instead.

‘He’s pulling in the aggro.’

To use the firepower of Testar’s fans in reverse.

By touching an ambiguous line that could be played off as having a world view of the same agency, he was drawing a plan to take in the public interest with the anger of Testar’s fans.

‘It’s typical noise marketing, so to speak.’

After all, the public was not interested in details that Testar was in charge of their own concept and arrangement.

It was only accepted as an image, and there was no way anyone could infer exactly which part of the production the group was involved in by checking the details.

Therefore, if that junior group selected a good song and a good music video and was recognized by the public, public opinion might end up saying ‘Testar fans are too much’.

Like this.

– Isn’t it common to connect the worldviews of the same agency? Anyway, they’re unusual… ㅉㅉ

– It’s nice, but since the composer and the company are the same, their styles overlap. Do you really believe that Testar made it all by themselves?ㅋㅋㅋ

– There was so much fuss that I became a fan after watching your performance. Let’s only walk on the flowery path nowㅠㅠ

And the song and concept of ‘Magical Boy’ were already proven to be a popular hit.

‘Of course, they must have calculated that the reaction would be fine if they follow only half of it.’

Once the junior group became popular through this method, the director would push them to be the main force.

Overall, it was an arrangement in which only the agency benefited without much loss.

‘The arrow will go to that rookie group first anyway, so they’ll feel less pressured with being criticized.’

And just by looking at the complexion of the hubae sitting there, I could tell how burdensome this situation was for that group.

Going through the crazy program called &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;, all the members of that group must have received all kinds of curses they would have to deal with for the rest of their lives.

‘But it’s understandable that you don’t want to get cursed at after your debut.’

However, even after debuting, their ‘popularity’ could be guaranteed, but there was no conflict and there was only a sense of repulsion.

‘Hmm.’

I spoke again.

“Excuse me.”

“Yes!”

“Do you have any alternatives in mind?”

“Yes?”

“I was wondering if you have other candidates other than ‘Magical Girl’.”

“…! Yes!”

As expected.

The junior’s complexion had returned a little. And a calm explanation followed.

“Actually, among our members, there is someone who originally studied producing. That person’s song went all the way to the final stage as a candidate for the title track… Suddenly, it was overturned a few days ago.”

Considering the situation alone, it was good news.

“You must have wanted to do that song.”

“…Yes. The team leader said we can use it for the next album, but… To be honest, regardless of the situation, objectively, I think that song is better.”

Hmm, the company’s strategy was good.

First of all, after pulling off a lot of aggro with the debut, they would paint an image of self-production in the next album.

‘The problem is that they use us there.’

Even if Testar got offended, they knew what to do. The contract renewal was still so far away, and there were still three and a half years left.

I frowned slightly, and the hubae freaked out.

“Of course, ‘Magical Boy’ is an amazing masterpiece…! Right now, our debut song feels like an imitation, so the original candidate song is better than that…”

“Sure. I fully understand.”

It seemed she had misunderstood my expression. As I loosened my face, Kim Raebin suddenly started talking.

“What kind of song did you originally prepare?”

“Oh, it’s a bit of a newtro… It’s a style that’s been in the spotlight lately, and the members and I thought it’s a really catchy and cool song!”

(TL notes\: Newtro is a portmanteau of the words “new” and “retro”, and refers to the trend of “modernized retro”. Newtro’s beginnings can be traced back to 2018 in South Korea. Sumber\: Wiki.)

“Is it on the disco or synthwave side of newtro?”

“Um, I think it was synthwave!”

“Then, by any chance, do you have the sound pack…”

The hubae, who didn’t work directly on it and couldn’t have mastered all the terms of composition, began to shrink away at Kim Raebin’s question. I had to cut him off.

“I’m sorry. He’s so passionate about music…”

“It’s good to be so passionate…! You’re amazing!”

“Ah, thank you.”

This wouldn’t do. The new employee was back again.

I felt sorry for the hubae who seemed stiff and was shouting flattering words, so I refreshed the atmosphere.

“First of all, I understand why you came here. You must have been worried. You must have been upset.”

“Yes…”

“But as you know, it’s hard for us to get carelessly involved in the production of other groups. It hasn’t even been 2 years since we debuted. Now that I’ve heard the story, it’s hard to make it a legal issue.”

“…Right.”

The hubae’s face turned dark.

And Kim Raebin’s face also turned dark. Dude, you can’t do this to me.

‘Th song is the problem.’

I almost missed Keun Sejin for a moment. I continued, holding back my sigh.

“But I fully understand how you feel. Have you ever discussed this topic with the company?”

“…I tried, but they didn’t listen.”

In the end, in order for the words of the kids who haven’t debuted to be accepted, do they have to prepare a presentation?

“I see.”

Kim Raebin nodded his head eagerly, perhaps remembering his former agency.

“It’s sad. Everyone should be able to speak freely…”

Aigoo.

I looked at Kim Raebin in silence.

Kim Raebin quietly hardened.

All right. Now let’s pick the right words.

‘You never know how the story will be distorted if Testar comes forward and covers it up.’

The rookie had to be shown opposing it themselves, not Testar.

So, our role ended with advice.

I crossed my arms.

“Have you heard of the topic of America at the company recently?”

“A-America?… Ah, when we met the director, he said that a lot.”

“I see.”

So, the American disease was still alive. I nodded and said casually.

“The next time you meet someone in a higher position, why don’t you let this conversation go in this direction?”

“Yes?”

“Magical Girl is too traditional and nerdy, so I don’t think it will work in places like America.”

“…!!”

“Newtro is popular in America these days, give them examples of how effective it would be if you ride the trend before it passes.”

“In person?”

“No, you make the members hear those conversations. Do it with the AR team staff or company people as well.”

“…”

The astonishment disappeared from the hubae’s expression, and instead, there was calmness.

“And, when the rumors spread, I can meet with the director and talk about it properly?”

‘Oh.’

She was good at judging the situation.

I nodded my head slightly.

“I am not sure, but… If you prepare it properly, it might work. We did the same thing when we debuted.”

“…”

The hubae didn’t answer for a while as if lost in thought, but she soon nodded calmly.

“…Yes. Thank you.”

“No. I hope it helps.”

“Yes! Thank you so much for your precious time. Thank you!… Oh, a call! Ah, see you next time, sunbae-nims!”

The hubae quickly said goodbye, and soon ran out of the meeting room, startled by the sound of ringing vibration.

‘She must have come out here secretly.’

Well, now it was up to them to figure it out. I shrugged and got up from my seat.

“Raebin, let’s go, too.”

“Yes.”

Kim Raebin got up, arranged the chair, and then asked a question with a serious face.

“Do you think the hubae’s persuasions will be successful?”

“Let’s see. I think it’s a matter of luck and ability.”

Kim Raebin lowered his head and muttered in a slightly gloomy tone.

“I hope it goes well.”

“Why? Do you feel sorry for the hubaes that might get cursed at?”

“There’s that too, but…”

Kim Raebin hesitated and continued.

“I hope they don’t use our debut song as they please.”

“…!!”

“Everyone worked hard without having the time to sleep, so I don’t want other people to abuse the precious result… It may sound selfish, but I am more concerned about the feelings of our group.”

Seriously.

“It’s not selfish.”

“R-Really?”

I smiled.

“Yeah. I feel the same.”

“…!”

“How could I feel good about someone stealing our song to get some attention?”

“Y-You’re right.”

Right. Even the group would suffer some damage, so if I just let this go, I was just a damn pushover.

“And if they don’t succeed, I am going to work on it so that it doesn’t go completely according to the company’s will, so don’t worry too much.”

“…Yes!”

The sullen look disappeared from Kim Raebin’s face.

“By the way, how are you going to do it?”

Hmm, I just had to lay the groundwork.

That day, as soon as I returned to the dorm before the other members, I uploaded a post on SNS with Kim Raebin.

Debut production

(File)

To celebrate the airing of the theme park squandering, I look back on my original determination. I will continue to work hard…

(Screenshot)

It was the first and final version of the PPT related to the debut song, which was made to persuade the director at the time of the debut.

By the way, a file storage list from the first draft to the final copy was also attached as a screenshot.

There were all kinds of titles with lots of ‘Real-Final’ and ‘1- (1)’ attached in the screenshot.

Kim Raebin hit his palm.

“I get it! You posted it, emphasizing the physical evidence that the arrangement, concept, and lyrics of ‘Magical Boy’ were all produced by Testar!”

“Uh… Yes.”

When he said it like that, it sounded very grandiose. I was just playing tricks.

And just in case, I set the format to make it look like I accidentally posted it, conscious of the reality show.

I did that in order to prevent the talk of ‘Testar shot down the junior girl group’ from coming out later in case the company went ahead with it.

“Hyung! Some fans recommend PPT templates!”

“Yeah.”

The fans seemed to be immersed in memories while laughing at the strange content called PPT.

I listened to Kim Raebin relaying the responses and waited for the others to return.

After posting on SNS using the reality show as an excuse, I was thinking it would be nice to take some action related to the reality show at tomorrow’s awards ceremony.

‘It’s worth discussing.’

And… I should also alert the two guys with the same name.

‘I should tell them not to make it obvious at least.’

I just saw the article.

At the awards ceremony tomorrow, VTIC was finally resuming their official schedule.
