---
title: "Chapter 201"
category: "book"
index: 200
section: "Chapter 201"
slug: "201"
---

# Chapter 201

The day of Testa’s encore concert in Seoul.

The graduate student who entered Gocheok Sky Dome was smiling faintly.

‘I finally… have my first con…!’

Since the encore concert started on Saturday I barely managed to make it on time.

It was finally time to enjoy the concert without spoilers!

I was a graduate student standing at the crossroads of whether to become a doctor or get a job as a master’s degree student but I only had one worry today.

‘You can see the gate clearly right? ‘This is the best place right?’

That’s right. The graduate student was able to secure a ticket for a huge seat in the front.

This was the same area where controversy arose because Azusa Season 4 occupied the area at the last concert.

Her friend who was taking pictures of Park Moon-dae congratulated her with tears in his eyes and envy.

-I just entered and my heart feels like it’s going to burst out of my mouthㅠㅠㅠ

The graduate student entered his seat and sat down replying to a message from a friend who had arrived a few minutes ago.

It really felt like my heart was going to jump out as he said!

Encore concerts usually have similar set lists and similar venues so estimates have already been made.

‘We’ll see at least four songs on the protruding stage!’

She held on to the light stick and waited for the performance to begin hoping to see Park Moon-dae’s performance right in front of her.

And after some time.

“Aaaah!!”

“Ugh!!”

A graduate student was also cheering among the people who were filled with adrenaline from the overwhelming performance.

‘Oh I love it!!’

Watching the concert from a place with a good view in the exact center was an almost artistic experience.

“Park Moon-dae!! “Mundae!!”

Park Moon-dae’s solo performance that just ended was an example of this.

The intention of this stage was felt more clearly when I saw it from the very center of the stage where the chair used during the tour was removed and the performance was performed by floating in the air with the bare body again.

A dizzying dance of primary-colored fabrics like a whirlpool of emotions.

A fleeting love floating in the air beyond the cloth falling from the center under the lights.

The graduate student nodded silently and recited the words.

‘Park Moon-dae… is a genius.’

And the reason why all those emotions came through clearly was not just because of the good location.

‘Mundae is so good.’

A stronger force than the last time.

Since it was the same concert hall the sound would obviously be the same but strangely enough the emotion that touched people in the voice felt more vivid.

If a graduate student had access to SNS he or she would have been able to see these comments from people watching the broadcast.

-Clapping while lying in bed

-Hey I don’t accept excuses for low sound quality anymore haha Park Moon-dae sounds good even when he listens to it like this haha.

-Am I the only one who likes Park Moon-dae’s music better than just now?

-Please give me the encore condom D.D.

As the level of immersion changed the quality of emotions on stage changed.

The ‘Time of Indulgence (S)’ effect was more evident than Park Moon-dae himself expected.

And Park Moon-dae himself who had just unlocked the stage equipment backstage was also feeling it.

“…Whew.”

My hands were shaking.

It wasn’t because of the pain or cramps but because of the lingering sensation.

The feeling of emptiness and refreshment was overwhelming as if my head had been submerged in water and then lifted out.

‘Still… it was a better choice than expected.’

This is because I was satisfied with the performance just now.

The immersion that goes into it right away without being conscious of it further elevated people.

It was especially great because I did the song alone which had eerie heartbreaking emotions.

‘Stronger than usual.’

To regain his composure Park Moon-dae drank an ionic drink to clear his mind.

“Mumundae! “Is there any place where you feel uncomfortable?”

“Oh it’s comfortable.”

“I see. I’m glad… But if you feel uncomfortable you must tell me!”

“I will.”

“Ugh!… ah! Just now the New Year’s Eve was amazing…!”

“Okay thank you. “You’re cool too.”

As I was listening to Sun Ah-hyun who had changed her costume express her concerns under the pretense of conversation during the interlude the time was slowly approaching.

‘The group song continues and the impromptu stage VCR goes on for a bit longer… ’

“7 minutes left!”

‘Unit just before the encore.’

Park Moon-dae thought that time passed faster than expected during the concert.

So I had to be more conscious.

‘Do it properly.’

After making up his mind Park Moon-dae moved down the hallway to wait under the stage again.

Then they came out to the chorus of Ryu Cheong-woo’s final solo stage and began to immerse themselves in the stage again.

Wow!!

In fact it was an environment where it was difficult not to become immersed.

* * *

Now as the title song stage which was quite numerous was passed and the cute impromptu stage passed the audience was thoroughly enjoying the offline experience for the first time in a long time.

Still everyone knew.

Based on my past experience of reviewing through VOD the concert was now clearly in the latter half of the concert.

So at the end of Testa’s huge hit reality show there will soon be a ‘unit stage’ with promotions attached.

‘There wasn’t much change in the set list!’

‘I think we put a lot of effort into the unit stage… ’

In particular when the VCR that duplicated the previous concert came on even in the excitement calculations were running in my head as if it were time for a break.

And without disappointing those expectations the unit stage appeared at the right time.

[Falling- Fall fall Fallen to you like a falling autumn star.]

The first one was Sun Ah-hyun and Ryu Cheong-woo.

The audience watched the stage feeling refreshed by a combination they had never experienced before.

The two performed refreshingly the debut song of their famous male idol T-Holic.

‘Oh that’s good!’

This was the opinion of a graduate student who is a fan of Park Moon-dae.

Next is the stage of Bae Se-jin Lee Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin.

[I’m aiming for you my target I won’t miss my enemy.]

We took a female idol song with a strong concept called “Hitman” and distributed the parts appropriately.

‘Is it cool?’

As expected with the exception of Park Moon-dae graduate students with the sensibilities of ordinary people gave appropriately favorable reviews.

Both unit stages were much larger in scale and more like a large-scale performance than the first concert.

Thanks to this I automatically gained strength in my back.

‘Now that means there’s only one door left…!’

As the previous two stages were excellent expectations were high to see what kind of stage Park Moon-dae and Cha Yu-jin who were in charge of the finale would prepare.

‘Everyone was looking forward to it on social media too!’

If we looked a little deeper there were plenty of people who were worried and worried that they would bite their nails but graduate students were not that familiar with the Internet yet.

So I approached the final unit stage with 100% expectations.

[…]

After the previous stage a short video was played on the electronic display board and the stage became dark.

Ding-

The grandfather clock chimed and the light suddenly returned.

On the black-and-white stage the image of a tall man was seen in an angled choreography formation with eight dancers.

It was Cha Yu-jin.

‘The door is…?’

Before the graduate student’s thoughts could be completed into sentences the music started to rush in.

It was the melody of a pop song that I had heard at least once.

Bam bam bam bam!

-listen!

No matter how hard

I think about it.

I can’t hold it

Cha Yu-jin led the dancers over the cheerful and agile electric swing sound and began the movement.

Among the many people he was the only one wearing a black shirt and everything from a harness to a jewelry chain and anyone could see that he looked like a solo singer.

-Why Why~

Are you not a monster?

Cha Yu-jin was gorgeous.

The sight of twinkling lights cheerful voices and even glitter effects exploding in the background as part of the choreography was jaw-dropping.

Cha Yu-jin was enjoying the stage like she was possessed.

-Umm Umm Umm~

The scream-like cheers did not stop.

So it was only when he left the center and walked to the left with great strides that the graduate student came to his senses.

‘No so what about the door??’

However Cha Yu-jin entered the chorus without mercy.

Because the song was in the form of a hook song it was an iconic part that was quickly repeated four times.

-Monster monster

you got me so

I grabbed you

baby baby

Among the dancers Cha Yu-jin was able to bring out the most complex choreography movements in a light and lively manner.

It felt like my gaze was being sucked in.

-bebe babe!

After a sharp kicking motion Cha Yu-jin drew a line on her mouth with her index finger and smiled.

“and…”

Even Park Moon-dae’s fans were reflexively impressed.

But the ending moment of the first chorus is so impressive.

Suddenly the accompaniment changed.

Ugh-!

‘uh?’

The sophisticated arrangements that used extremely modern electronic instruments disappeared as if they were not working.

And instead a radical band orchestra came into the place.

“…?!”

“…??”

Before there were even sounds of panic coming from the audience.

The background opened with a brilliant light flashing in the center of the stage.

“…!!”

And on top of the huge blue carpet structure golden chairs like thrones began to appear.

The person sitting at an angle on that magnificent chair was Park Moon-dae a bespectacled man wearing a striking knit school uniform.

‘what’s this??’

Park Moon-dae began singing with a naturally distressed face.

-okay.

Just thinking about it

no more you

I can’t stand it

These were the lyrics of a pop song translated into Korean.

Park Moon-dae led the song with a clear and distinct voice. It somehow sounds a little more exaggerated and emotional than usual…

‘No wait a minute.’

The graduate student who was almost hooked realized that Park Moon-dae’s arrangement also sounded quite familiar.

This wasn’t simply an adaptation.

‘…This is a musical!’

That’s right.

This pop song ‘Monster Baby’ was also one of the famous numbers in a musical created by compiling the singer’s songs.

-person

You’re not even the same!

Park Moon-dae continued singing while sitting on a chair in a neat school uniform.

This is because he was digesting a song sung by a modern student who was shipwrecked and disoriented in a strange 17th century castle.

And it didn’t end there.

Woo woo woo woo~

People in flashy modern clothes appeared around Park Mun-dae and began dancing and singing a chorus.

Anyone could see that it was a musical ensemble.

Thanks to this the audience regardless of whether they were a few people who knew the background or not was able to guess roughly.

That you are recreating a musical scene.

‘omg.’

It was a stage where the same song was presented in a completely opposite form but the impact was so great that the audience forgot their embarrassment and was drawn into it.

-Monster Monster

snatch me up

pull

Yes like that!

While Park Moon-dae choreographed the dance atop a giant golden chair the structure itself moved around in the hands of the ensemble matching the lyrics and story.

-Like that all the time!

Park Moon-dae’s vocals divided the concert hall amidst colorful lights and dazzling period drama elements that would make you crazy.

It was a taste of an explosive and dramatic musical.

“Waaah!”

First of all the audience reflexively applauded again. Because it was a quality that gave me goosebumps.

However there was nothing that could be called a unit stage.

‘Almost just… a solo stage showdown?’

‘It’s not a unit.’

A few people were predicting that the moment you get out of the excitement of this concert the story of Al-U-Al-Eum will begin.

Ji-ing!

The interlude trembled and from the lights turned off on the left side of the stage Inyoung dressed in a stylish black and white suit rushed into the center stage.

“uh?”

It was Cha Yu-jin and the dancers.

And they pushed Park Moon-dae and the ensemble who were singing on chairs and carpet structures all the way to the right!

“…??”

The musical set was pushed away like it was falling over…

and.

Bbabam bam- baba bam!

Cha Yu-jin and the dancers took out sticks this time to match the return of the synthesizer and brass.

The bars were connected and dismantled according to movement adding to the strength and splendor of the choreography.

“wow.”

The moment the luminous color flashed on the stick numerous lights came from the air and assisted Cha Yu-jin’s movements.

It was a luminous drone performance.

Cha Yu-jin smiled crookedly and leisurely handled the drone as if it were alive.

-bebe babe!

The moment the refrain ends once again on a grand scale.

This time without a gap Park Moon-dae suddenly pushed into the center of the stage.

Park Mun-dae standing on a golden chair with his arms crossed hung a huge chandelier on the structure as if he could not be defeated.

And as if declaring war the ensemble and high-pitched chords were added.

-I thought about it today too.

I can’t stand it anymore!

The lyrics were exquisite. The chandelier was shining brightly harassing the dancers’ eyes.

‘crazy!’

Now the audience started laughing.

However rather than laughing because they didn’t know what to do there was comfort and anticipation in enjoying the completed stage.

This is because a somewhat meta humor that crossed genres was shamelessly taking place on stage.

Because the participants Cha Yu-jin and Park Moon-dae were so naturally virtuous the performance on stage became very enjoyable instead of embarrassing.

Drrrrr-!

The two who were fighting like that ended up fighting in silence during the last chorus and ran out onto the stage together and started performing.

With the combination of synth sound and orchestra the song became loud and grand enough to be used at festivals or carnivals.

-Monster Monster

Bebe babe!

Grab and pull

Yes like that!

The original and adapted lyrics were mixed. Dancers entered the ensemble.

Cha Yu-jin climbed onto the golden chair and changed her singing style to sing while Park Moon-dae danced with the drone.

The stage was heated by the feeling of a runaway invading each other’s territory without hesitation.

-Monster like that!

Peeing!

Firecrackers of all colors exploded bringing the harmony and choreography to a climax.

The two disparate elements of the stage reached the ending with each other’s destructive feelings more intense.

Wow!!

Beyond the sound of fireworks and electric accompaniment people’s screams shook the scene as if they were part of the performance.

“Yaaaa!!”

The graduate student also applauded hitting the light stick with his palm without realizing it.

Little did I know that an hour later on my way home I would be shocked to realize that this performance was only 4 minutes and 20 seconds long.

* * *

“Awesome! “It’s awesome!”

“I get it.”

Cha Yu-jin shook my shoulder repeating the same words throughout the VCR. It looks like you just really liked the stage.

I understand. I was a bit surprised too.

‘This is it.’

It was a composition that was difficult to immerse in unless you had a very thick complexion but I didn’t feel a single bit of solemnity.

‘I thought it was a dud but was it still worth the S rank?’

On the contrary I feel like I want to continue performing without stopping with the VCR…

“Do it again! Do it a hundred times! oh my god!”

Of course it’s not that bad. Let go.

“okay. “Let’s organize everything first.”

“yes!”

This kind of sudden expenditure of stamina is not acceptable. I had to keep my head straight tonight.

Besides this unit stage challenge there are still other events for today.

‘…Is this really the end?’

Approximately 30 minutes until the concert ends.

The removal of the status abnormality was really just around the corner.
