---
title: "Chapter 202"
category: "book"
index: 201
section: "Chapter 202"
slug: "202"
---

# Chapter 202

The first day of the encore concert ended successfully as planned and without any problems.

The response to the unit stage was also good.

-Please give me the music ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

– Being able to see these two on the same team is Azusa’s only advantage. Now abolish it.

-I wonder if this combination of Park Moon-dae’s vocal vocals and Cha Yu-jin’s dance should be added to the K-Pop Hall of Fame (I’m here to help please pass by)

-Cha Goyoung They always talk about Moon Dae-hyung’s unit on Dub App and I understand why. Our kid is a genius.

Occasionally aggro would pop up to compare it to other unit stages but it didn’t seem to work that well.

Even if I say it myself… I think it’s because the units came in 1st and 2nd place.

Since the combination is a combination it seemed like fans of other units didn’t want to cause unnecessary trouble.

‘It’s difficult to touch anything with a lot of pages.’

In the first place because the overall quality of the unit stages was good they lumped it all together with stories like ‘Testa is good in any combination.’

So the fan community was in a harmonious atmosphere just taking care of each stage.

-Today is so good

-I was so overwhelmed that I started crying from the moment the opening VCR came out.

-I promise to go to the Testa dinner show (concert group photo)

The atmosphere of Park Moon-dae and Cha Yu-jin’s individual fans was at the highest level since its launch so it was no different from a festival.

What this means is that among the people involved I was the only one who was nervous.

“brother!! “I’ll swing the chandelier tomorrow!”

“okay. “Sleep well.”

I gave the OK sign again to the ad-lib suggestion I heard about five times and left the bedroom.

“Where are you going??”

“Half-body bath.”

Then he passed through the living room and entered the bathroom closing the door behind him.

This is the only place where I can be alone for an hour or two without raising suspicion so there is nothing I can do.

Sweet.

“after.”

I sat down in the bathtub.

…In fact I already saw a pop-up appear the moment the concert ended.

I just postponed checking until bedtime so as not to interfere with simple night schedules such as behind-the-scenes interviews.

‘Of course if you check the pop-up now you don’t have to do anything right away.’

There is still time left so there is plenty of room to wait and see.

Still I feel like it might be the last time so it’s hard for me to put it off any longer.

see.

‘Status window notification.’

At the same time as I was chanting the pop-up whose existence I had only briefly confirmed earlier appeared again.

[Successful meeting!]

You succeeded in reaching an audience of ‘200000 people’!

!Time limit\: met (success)

!Status abnormality\: ‘Audience or death’ removed!

\: Check ‘Options’ ☜ Click!

First of all… success is certain.

“under…”

Somehow the tension goes away. I pressed my temples with a strange feeling of helplessness.

All that’s left is to confirm the damn truth… Wait a minute.

“…!!”

\: Check ‘Options’ ☜ Click!

Keywords are not the truth.

‘Choice?’

The moment I saw that word of course something came to mind right away.

‘…an option to choose between the original body and the ‘Park Moon-dae’ body.’

Isn’t this the most plausible and appropriate story as a reward for clearing the last status abnormality?

“…”

However it was so unexpectedly good.

My head gets cold.

‘Isn’t it too late to present it now?’

This strange system has stayed true to the game style since I joined Park Moon-Dae’s body.

However it was strange that this carrot was not presented until the end and then given as a surprise reward.

In a normal game this would have been thrown at the starting point as bait before hitting the status abnormality.

‘No even if it’s not a game… it’s true if you think about structure and efficiency.’

Wouldn’t it be better to torture hope with a clear reward at the end rather than just cracking the whip because you lose?

‘Then what are the other hypotheses?’

I tried to think about what would be more plausible if it wasn’t for choosing a body but I couldn’t come up with a specific hypothesis that said ‘This is it.’

“…Whew.”

I really feel like I need to take a half-body bath. My head is pounding.

I briefly thought about drinking but ignored it and just came out of the bathroom.

‘Anything tomorrow will be considered tomorrow.’

First of all the last concert had to end well. It is right to erase from your mind anything that will affect your condition.

‘Let’s get some sleep.’

Just as I was about to return to the bedroom someone waved at me from the kitchen.

“hmm? “Are you not sleeping?”

It’s a big hit.

“Half-body bath.”

“Ah good.”

He grinned and poured another cup of cold barley tea from the bottle he was holding.

“One drink? “Mom gave it to me yesterday.”

Perhaps because of the color it strangely reminded me of beer.

I accepted the glass without saying anything. Big Sejin continued speaking with a smiling face.

“Oh right. The Mundae unit stage was amazing right? “You did really well with Eugene~ Park Moon-dae of course!”

However the content is bare bones.

‘There is a subtle nuance.’

Are you reflecting on your experience with the Cha Yujin unit?

I remembered that time.

-Just choose the stage itself well. I don’t feel like comparing you and Cha Yu-jin to see who is better.

I think I gave this kind of advice at the time but I was worried because I performed in a head-to-head competition with Cha Yu-jin.

But this was just a matter of appearance.

“…I chose the right point to emphasize.”

I muttered to myself as I sipped my iced tea.

“It wouldn’t have worked if it wasn’t a musical. “No matter how you sing.”

“…”

In the end it just meant that the format was no different from the four-unit stage.

‘Of course there are some characteristics but I can’t explain that.’

Instead let’s give this guy a chance to finish his sentence.

“Your unit stage was also good. “The shadow performance is just right so it’s cool.”

“…!”

A bitter smile as if he was a little embarrassed passed across Big Sejin’s face.

I understand how you feel about saying it without thinking even though you probably knew it in your head so I’ll leave it at this.

The guy joked and quickly took the opportunity.

“…haha. I worked hard. “It’s nice to see a good performance in practice~”

“I know.”

Bae Se-jin was practicing with all his heart and if the stage had been ruined he might have tried to kill you.

‘At least it seems to have gone well with Kim Rae-bin who is clueless and hard-working among them.’

Big Sejin smiled.

“Next time I’ll have to try it with Mundae too! “We haven’t worked together as a unit since we debuted~”

There are no overlapping positions so why bother?

This guy is probably just saying it as a congratulations. so…

“I just thought there was no need to do it since I was in a different position at Mundaemun University!”

“…!”

“Haha I guess I was right~”

“…no.”

How did you know this guy?

Big Se-jin burst out laughing but then quickly calmed down and spoke.

“Hmm but if we get a chance we’ll do well right?”

“I guess so.”

“Okay~ That’s the position!”

Big Sejin put the barley tea into the refrigerator. Then after a little hesitation he continued.

“…I have a lot to be thankful for. I wish you all the best in the future.”

“…Not much to say.”

“You say that whenever I praise you!”

Big Sejin laughed and tapped my shoulder. You’re laughing.

This guy also seems to have become emotional because it has been a while since he performed in Korea.

‘…Anyway it’s a bit better.’

This guy didn’t mean anything but talking about the stage made me feel comfortable because I didn’t think about anything unnecessary.

“Then I’m going in.”

“okay. Let’s do well tomorrow too~”

I just went to sleep.

There were no variables yet.

And the next day.

Wow!!

“thank you!”

The encore concert has ended completely.

“Ugh! “Clothes are sticking together!”

“First of all guys gather your things…”

“They say we all need to take a group photo…?”

After the mission is over the little things that remain are

It was finished quickly.

The after-party ended with the members eating some delivered food at the dorm. This is because I had them stay there once when I came to Korea after the tour.

“No drinking!”

“…I didn’t even touch it.”

I was assigned a non-alcoholic beer. It was a very strange feeling to have my drink stolen from me by a drunk guy.

And then I noticed it and went out onto the veranda to get some fresh air.

“…Whew. Status window notification.”

Pot. The pop-up seen yesterday has returned.

Now it’s time.

From today until the comeback there was almost no official group activity.

Yes it’s only about a month but it means that if I want to find out something this period is appropriate. Because I can afford it.

And one thing came to mind.

‘I’m sure if you click on this ‘choice’ item another pop-up introducing each option will appear.’

Considering the UI so far this is a fairly convincing hypothesis.

‘Then it’s better to find out quickly and think about it.’

I swallowed raised my hand and pressed ‘Option’. My fingers split the air without any sense of touch.

And as I expected… a new pop-up appeared above it.

[Options]

\: Check the ‘truth’ ☜ Click!

\: Obtain ‘Coin’ ☜ Click!

※Duplicate selection is not allowed

“…!”

It was also not an option to choose one’s body. And one of them… looks familiar.

‘truth’.

This is probably the damned past notification I’ve seen so far.

So the meaning of this choice ultimately lies in the new option below.

‘Coin’.

What does this mean?

My head automatically spins at the completely unintuitive word.

The first thing that comes to mind is… currency.

‘Is any store open?’

This is also a setting I’ve seen a lot in web novels. I’m the only one in the status window shop.

It was plausible but too abstract. Other than that only images like virtual currency came to mind.

“…Damn.”

You’re being vague until the end. I glared at the options window.

But… in fact it was as if it had been decided.

I immediately moved my finger to the option that I didn’t have to worry about.

[Obtain ‘Coin’!]

It was a reasonable choice.

‘The truth is… it’s too risky.’

Because I don’t know what to show you.

Just looking at the description of the pop-up right now ‘truth’ is confirmation and ‘coin’ is acquisition. Since you own whatever the coin is isn’t it the status quo even if it fails?

‘This is correct.’

I wiped away my cold sweat and saw the pop-up.

There was a common sense expectation that there would now be an explanation of what to do with this coin.

However the pop-up that appeared… contrary to expectations was already familiar.

[outbreak!]

Status abnormality\: ‘Star or die’ occurs!

“what?”

A status abnormality notification like X appeared again.

‘These bastards are really…!’

I feel dizzy. What the fuck is the last one! How long are we going to have to keep doing this shit?

…But on the other hand a strange feeling arose.

It was a relief.

‘Isn’t this… also seen as maintaining the status quo?’

All you have to do is live like you have for at least a year.

Even if it were tomorrow you’d probably think it was a crazy idea but still… there was a strange comfort from the reprieve.

I can keep living like this.

“no.”

I shot the pop-up gritting my teeth to resist the feeling.

‘What is the purpose?’

It was then.

Suddenly… the pop-up started crackling.

“…!!”

Status abnormality\: ‘Star or die’ occurs!

And then the content disappeared.

“what.”

It wasn’t the end.

Tiring!

Status abnormality\: ‘1st place or death’ occurs!

A new pop-up appears. The content is more than something I have seen before.

“what.”

And this wasn’t the end either.

‘No. 1 or death’ occurs!

‘Target or death’ occurs!

‘Performance or death’ occurs!

‘Be the best or die’!

‘Debut or death’ occurs!

‘What the fuck?’

Status abnormalities in pop-ups were endlessly crossed out and deleted.

And it blinked countless times as if someone had hacked it and it was updated with a new name.

How many times did that happen?

Tiririririn!!

[outbreak!]

Abnormal status\: ‘Audience or death’ occurs!

The pop-up finally stopped updating.

It has the same name as the previous status abnormality.

However the content description was different.

[‘Audience or death’]

\: ‘Park Moon-dae’ will die if he does not meet more than 400000 audiences within the specified period.

Number of people achieved\: 0 / 400 000

Not 200000 but 400000.

The number of people has doubled.

And there is something added to the explanation. A specific name was attached to the death.

‘…not just a death but the death of Park Moon-dae.’

…How should I accept this?

From the damn coin to the buggy status window there was no way to figure out the alternative situation.

There is no use in racking your brain. Because there is no clue.

“…”

I sat on one side of the veranda and cooled my head. It was a bit tempting to smoke but it was bearable.

“after.”

And I settled the situation by the time my body got cold.

‘First of all two things are certain.’

The first is to reach 400000 audiences within one year.

This is actually okay. The two-month tour immediately attracted 200000 people.

The scale of the tour in the second half of this year has been increased so just looking at the plan it is possible to reach 400000 people.

‘It’s even more generous if you include an event.’

So let’s skip this for now.

The second thing is… there is at least one person worth asking about this situation.

Since what this bastard told us was even wrong there is justification for questioning him.

“…Fuck you.”

It’s not something I really want to do but since I have no options there’s nothing I can do.

I took out my smartphone from my pants pocket.

Then I found an MMS text with a picture of a dog attached and made a call.

The beep was cut off briefly.

-yes.

You might have guessed it but it’s pretty.
