---
title: "Chapter 203"
category: "book"
index: 202
section: "Chapter 203"
slug: "203"
---

# Chapter 203

As soon as I confirmed that Cheongnyeo had received it I got straight to the point.

“Can I make a call?”

-yes. Got a problem with the mission?

“…”

-I think that’s the only reason to contact you.

Was the timing too blatant in contacting you right after the encore concert ended?

There were so many unexpected situations that it hit me hard so I didn’t think enough about it.

‘But I can’t make it feel like I’m begging for a clue.’

This only sets the mood if it comes from an unconditional question. I cracked my neck.

“There were no problems with the mission itself.”

-I see.

“But there’s another mission?”

-…

“It wasn’t the last time. “Did you lie on purpose?”

-no.

The answer over the phone was obedient. There was no laughter.

The sound of the dog grunting seemed to be a small sound for a moment but then the conversation continued quietly.

-I think I can explain… If it’s okay how about taking a quick look when you have time? Who can hear the phone call?

“It would be better to do it over the phone.”

I’m not really saying that I want to talk about Miju over the phone but I’m just saying that wouldn’t it be better for someone to listen to it than having my head broken?

-If it’s inconvenient it’s okay to watch it at Testa’s accommodation. I have no other thoughts… Because I know it won’t work anyway.

Well if you say something useless or leave out I tried to scold you with a recording and dig it out but it doesn’t seem necessary.

Of course I can’t guarantee when this guy will change his mind again so of course I plan to create safety measures.

“Then let’s do it this way.”

After choosing a place and time I came out from the veranda.

Kim Rae-bin who happened to be nearby was startled.

“brother! “You were gone for 35 minutes so I was worried that you might have secretly gone drinking. Were you on the veranda?”

“okay.”

This guy is a little drunk too.

I sat down next to the other guys before they noticed and started talking to me.

“Ravin.”

“yes.”

“I have one favor to ask of you.”

“I will listen!”

Kim Rae-bin became impatient perhaps under the illusion that he had something to point out.

‘No that’s not it.’

I waved my hand once to tell him to calm down and then continued my explanation.

“I mean…”

And things went as expected.

* * *

A few days later.

“It’s okay.”

I first arrived at the outdoor cafe in the corner of the city that I suggested and that he had rented the entire place.

Although it is difficult to observe from the outside it is a place where someone nearby can immediately report if they hear screams. There are enough CCTVs.

“You came early.”

And next to Cheongnyeo who appeared in front of the entry fence a few minutes later… a dog wearing a tight-fitting chest strap was panting.

“bruise!”

“…”

I thought it might be possible but… I didn’t really think this would come out.

“I thought it would be a good excuse to bring him. “Are you okay?”

“…It doesn’t matter.”

“Haha it’s okay to pet it. “He’s a person who likes people.”

Cheongryeo grinned picked up the dog and moved away while holding it. The dog was wagging its tail vigorously.

‘The speed is good.’

It looks plump as if it is well fed.

“The cafe owner said it’s okay to eat whatever food you want so I’m comfortable with it.”

In this situation is there any way that could go down your throat?

I sat down at the table and answered calmly.

“No thoughts let’s start with the story.”

“is it so? all right. “Then the mission is not over… can we start from here?”

“Before that there’s something I need to answer first.”

“hmm?”

I kept asking questions but I didn’t think this guy would answer so I asked the question I had put on hold.

“How were you sure about the number of missions?”

“…”

From the beginning this guy confidently told me the total number of status ailments.

-I decided to calculate it… It seemed like it was given by adding the basic number of years returned at one time. that.

“I need to know where the formula of number of years returned plus 1 was derived. Because it’s wrong.”

“Oh that.”

Cheongryeo nodded obediently and petted his dog.

And then he made a bombshell statement.

“We collected cases from people like us.”

“…!”

“Oh not right now. “Because he died.”

The guy had an unimpressed face.

“What kind of illness was it… Anyway.”

I clasped both hands. My brain tingled.

There was another guy?

“How did you meet?”

“Oh this is a bit of an embarrassing story… Was it the fifth time? “There was a time when I went around saying unnecessary things to try to debut as quickly as possible.”

Cheongryeo smiled brightly and continued.

“There’s been talk on TV here and there about knowing the future.”

“…!”

“But maybe because the field was different the mission wasn’t cleared… Well I did it properly next time. “It’s fun to think about it.”

This bastard’s tone is changing.

You shouldn’t give a crazy person time to dwell on the past needlessly. I strangely broke the mood that was about to change.

“So anyway?”

“So… an old man approached me saying he was also from the future.”

Cheongryeo took his hand off the dog.

“After checking to see if it was real… and then guessing I figured it out.”

“what.”

“The point at which the future he knew ended was exactly the same as the point in the past where I started over.”

“…!”

“So… it seems like there is only one person in this time zone who knows the future. A few years for him and then a few years for me.”

“…”

“Now Mr. Mundae.”

Only then did I understand what this guy was talking about to me.

-Now is the perfect time. It must feel like living as the main character.

Was it because there was only one person occupying that exact moment in time to know the future?

‘…Then what is the standard?’

What do I have in common with this bastard? And was the dead old man also in the entertainment industry?

All kinds of questions were confusing my head but the circumstances under which I asked them all were mysterious.

In the meantime Cheongryeo continues to mutter to herself.

“Well come to think of it… I never tried restarting it before he died?”

“…”

“It would have been nice to restart at least once while the person was still alive and see if he would return to the past. Right? Then we wouldn’t have had to go through so much trouble. haha!”

“no.”

I hung up on purpose.

“no?”

“uh. Just to confirm that it’s better to get hit than to die.”

“…hmm. “What is it?”

Cheongryeo’s momentum died.

‘I’m going crazy.’

As I was wiping the saliva from the fur of the dog that had started licking my hand I suddenly noticed something else.

“…Then you realized right away that I had returned to the past.”

“that’s right. “The timing was just right.”

Cheongnyeo laughed.

“I wondered if someone else might now know the future but suddenly someone from the general public came to the audition and won first place.”

“…!”

“Everyone expected it to fail but in a very successful program… we ended up taking first place by revealing a family issue at a very critical time.”

“…”

It was a result of both coincidence and the effect of the status window but Cheongryeo smiled as if she was a little embarrassed.

“How many times did you think it was turned? of course.”

“…hmm.”

It seemed like a candidate site worth thinking about and considering.

“But I didn’t expect it to be someone else… Well actually I thought that might be why I had another mission.”

At that moment a hypothesis passed through my mind.

“…Because I am not ‘Park Moon-dae’.”

“yes.”

This means that since you entered someone else’s body you are subject to an additional penalty compared to cases where you simply returned to the past.

‘I never wanted it but I’m going crazy.’

I pressed my eyebrows.

…If this hypothesis is correct the fact that the death target was designated as ‘Park Moon-dae’ in this situation feels quite relevant.

Doesn’t this seem like a sign that from now on if you can’t overcome the status abnormality they will prevent you from continuing to use Park Moon-dae’s body?

‘Fuck you.’

…Is this a one-time thing?

I don’t know. In addition to that there are all sorts of irregularities from status window errors to coins.

‘The coins can’t even be verified.’

There is no news after the pop-up saying it was received.

Despite the shame I even shouted ‘Inventory’ in a loud voice but there was no change.

Cha Yu-jin who picked it up even while wearing earphones asked “Do you have any albums left in stock?” I just heard the same thing.

‘Damn it.’

When I think about it my face gets hot. I roughly petted the dog which was rubbing its head.

‘Isn’t there anyone with a status window?’

I feel like telling the kid sitting in front of me to shout ‘status window’ once.

Of course instead of acting on that impulse I just stood up.

‘It’s a problem even if the status window actually opens but it’s a problem if it doesn’t.’

Let’s not provoke it further for no reason. Since I achieved my goal I planned to reduce the stimulation as much as possible and dig deeper next time.

But suddenly the dog started whining.

“…Kkiing!”

Does this mean don’t get up?

“It looks like Kong wants to play more.”

“…Beans?”

“yes.”

A name that seemed more native to the local community than I expected stuck out. I get along well with dogs but it’s a bit disgusting that that guy put it on me.

At that moment Cheongryeo spoke as if to emphasize.

“It’s the original name.”

“…”

I know what you mean.

“okay.”

I stood up after patting the head of the guy who had probably been called Kong for quite some time a few more times.

“Let’s play some more.”

“That’s it.”

I felt like my energy had been sucked out. There is no need to talk to this guy anymore.

I walked towards the entrance fence.

The guy who was following me holding the dog suddenly asked a question at the entrance.

“Hmm… Now that I think about it Mr. Moon Dae also has his original name.”

“…!”

“Could it have been someone with the same name? haha.”

I answered almost casually.

…I guess it doesn’t matter. Anyway even if I looked for my records I couldn’t find them.

“Ryu Geon-woo.”

“hmm.”

The guy made a strange expression.

“It’s better than Parkmun University.”

“…That’s right.”

I can’t bear to deny it.

Still in its own way Park Moon-dae… I think it’s a good name after listening to it.

‘It seems like fans ultimately like it because it’s unique.’

Anyway I climbed over the fence of the outdoor cafe and started to go home.

“Uuuuuung-!”

The sound of a dog howling quite mournfully could be heard until we turned the corner.

I massaged the back of my neck.

‘It wasn’t that I had no income.’

Because I have at least a hypothesis as to why the status abnormality appeared again.

I hate to admit it but… it’s definitely easier to come up with results because I have an extra head. Now that guy will stop using useless bluffs.

But it was even more disturbing to hear that this strange thing had happened to other people in succession.

‘Why am I the only one who sees the status window?’

I really feel like I’m the main character of some kind of web novel.

At that time the smartphone in my pocket rang.

‘this.’

I got a call right away.

-older brother! Are you okay??

It was Kim Rae-bin.

“sorry. Confirmation was late. “I’m on my way back now.”

-You’re very fast… It took less than an hour.

That’s right.

I recalled a conversation I had with Raebin Kim yesterday.

-I’m going out during break time so could you send me a text message every 30 minutes? It won’t be long… I think you’ll only have to do it in five or six times at most.

-Of course! But may I ask why??

-I remembered the last time I got into a fight with some crazy guy. I think I should make some preparations. If you don’t get a reply call them and if they don’t answer report it to the company.

-okay! Good idea!

It is a kind of emergency notification bell.

I plan to use Raebin Kim often in the future as he has a heavy mouth and rarely forgets his work once he says something.

‘Should I give them a snack when I get back?’

It was difficult to work without pay so I was thinking about carrots.

Suddenly a flood of noise came through the phone.

-Oh hey!

-brother!! Quick quick!

-Go away Cha Yu-jin!

-It’s important! Kim Rae-bin go away!

It’s Cha Yujin. I understand.

“I’ll be in soon. “See you later.”

It was the moment when I was trying to calmly end the call.

-Mundae hyung! Our American pro has appeared!

“…?”

-Our reality show!

It was very unexpected news.

For reference after checking the detailed circumstances it became even more absurd.
