---
title: "Chapter 204"
category: "book"
index: 203
section: "Chapter 204"
slug: "204"
---

# Chapter 204

〈Testa’s Working Holiday〉 received a good response on WeTube and gained quite a bit of recognition among overseas KPOP fans.

-So this is a store where you can get Testa’s smile by shouting hotteok? (Crying emoticon)

-The lover who shouts ‘of course’ every time he sees a customer who says he is a really handsome young man.

-Anonymous\: The sophistication of Asians is the ability to use chopsticks haha.

-Ravin\: 30g tailored by hand

-Anonymous\: No one is mentioning Cheongwoo’s kindness. Everyone is only talking about his ‘hotness’ (crying laughing emoticon)

There were quite a few comments that Testa who had made a mark on the public following the game collaboration song opened the door to the influx of overseas fans through this reality show.

However of course it was not enough to enter the international mainstream.

It’s just that it has a name for itself among people who like this field.

So when I heard that it appeared on an American program I wondered what they meant and wondered if Hotteok had gone viral…

After checking I found that a minor detail that I had not expected at all caught my attention.

“This is this!”

As soon as she arrived at the accommodation what Cha Yu-jin saw was a short video shared on social media with English subtitles.

It was the scene where Cha Yu-jin had a meal with her mother in Season 2 of Reality.

Thanks to the division of roles into teams the three of us Cha Yoo-jin myself and Ryu Cheong-woo went to this meal… The meal composition was quite unique.

[I got selected in a lottery! [It would be nice to go with you]

It was a meal served on an American chef survival program.

Our production team was excited and managed to get a few shots through on-site negotiations but honestly it wasn’t a comfortable position.

[Wait a minute that’s not cooked.]

[okay?]

[Oh let’s ask him to cook it!]

This is because when the white fish dish ordered by Ryu Cheong-wu was not cooked and sent back to the kitchen a tremendous amount of shouting was heard.

[This fish is so cold that my hands will get frostbite if I touch it!]

[…]

The survival program seems to have a similar route wherever it goes.

It was a wonderful experience that reminded me of the times when I was scolded by my trainer every time I messed up during &lt;Azusa&gt;.

However it is said that this scene was also aired on the chef program.

However there was a misunderstanding.

He thought of the members as brothers.

This was because when Cha Yu-jin’s mother applied she used phrases such as ‘Eating with my son who came back after a long time \: )’.

Thanks to this the reprimand has a story.

[Those guests! After working overseas I am having a meal with my mother in my hometown for the first time in a year!]

[You are ruining their precious time!]

[stop! Everyone get out of my kitchen right now!]

The judge said something like this.

Moreover I don’t know when the film was filmed but it was broadcast to the point where our calm faces were included even while listening to the commotion in the kitchen.

[It reminds me of the old days.]

[Sure.]

This line was kindly added with subtitles.

And this seems to have been quite funny in contrast to the crazy atmosphere in the kitchen.

It is said that it briefly appeared on the American Internet as a kind of East Asian meme.

-A- is not called Asian C for nothing haha.

There seems to be a comical meme going around saying the same thing saying things like ‘For East Asians who live hard lives survival in America is everyday life.’

As a result it must have quickly entered the field of view of KPOP fans who knew about Testa.

-Oh my god it’s a testa.

-You idiots they won a ‘real’ survival program haha.

-The phrase ‘reminds me of the old days’ refers to similar survival programs they experienced! I can’t believe such misunderstandings occur in the world (laughing emoticon)

-The scene has already been aired on their reality show (link)

– Moon Dae is a great cook so the scene where he notices the undercooked fish first is always fun to watch.

-Their survival program had really mind-blowing rules. I’m really proud of Testa who overcame it♡

This uproar also became well known in the American Internet community and became an issue with an interesting twist.

And the climax was that it did not end there but almost turned into a controversy.

-Am I the only one who feels that mistaking fellow Asians for brothers is a form of racism?

Later it was clearly explained that it was a misunderstanding caused by Cha Yu-jin’s mother’s story but in any case it seems to have become quite viral as it continued to attract attention from humor to controversy.

[This is a corner that introduces recent popular stories on the Internet!]

In the end it was briefly reported on a news-style broadcast covering Internet gossip in the United States.

That is exactly what Cha Yu-jin showed.

“It’s fascinating!”

“I know.”

I think anyone can go viral by chance.

However I wonder if it is this exciting but it may seem even funnier when viewing it in one’s native language.

Cha Yu-jin roughly hummed ‘It’s me’ and browsed the English page. I shook my head and headed to the kitchen.

“I have more barley tea at Mundaemundae~ I’ll give it to you you can drink it!”

You sound like a brother.

“it’s okay.”

“Wow are you ignoring my mother’s sincerity?”

“…”

I finally gritted my teeth and took out the barley tea. Big Sejin burst into laughter.

‘That’s real.’

It was a bit of a mess but it was possible since we were all lounging around in the dorm during the day.

‘…It’s been a while since I had some free time.’

This was good because it postponed confirming the damned ‘truth’. It seemed like there would be no problem as long as we worked hard on the post-production of our comeback single starting the day after tomorrow.

‘The song is almost ready we just need to look at the final edits.’

It was a single released to confirm the form that was uploaded as light fan service and reality before the conceptually strong Daum regular album.

If all goes as planned the second half of the activity will overlap with the university festival period so the status quota will be greatly increased.

‘good.’

Aside from this damned game system of which nothing is certain the short-term future seemed peaceful.

…I didn’t know that the variable would pop up the next day making it pointless to think so.

The news was that the head of the headquarters had turned his attention.

* * *

The problem was that damn American meme.

Naturally it was not something that would arouse much sympathy so the meme died down quickly but some people continued to be interested.

-I’m really only a VTIC Tika but I’m also interested in Testa.

-I was curious about how Burning Chefs would be received overseas so I looked up their program and the number of views exceeded 10 million! (Capture from Episode 1 of Testa Working Holiday)

-Your name is Testa? Interesting. I never thought the day would come when I would search for KPOP (laughter)

-What kind of survival program did you appear on that made you ‘reminisce about old times’ because of that vitriol?

Some people from those who were originally interested in KPOP to those who were bored and looking for something different dug a little deeper.

And they eventually re-listed! Co. Ltd. I found it on Netplus.

-I found the survival program these guys appeared on and it has a negative voting system! Oh my god (shocked GIF)

In such a small community-centered way we belatedly launched ‘Re-listing! This means that American viewers are obsessed with “Idol Inc.”

The sensibility may not suit American tastes but it seems to have gained some word of mouth because it is guaranteed to be stimulating.

-They’re even revealing the hate vote rankings. That’s crazy.

-Only one person on the team votes to guarantee the right to survive? Let’s introduce it to the US right away XD

└Psychopath bastard

└There is no need to import anything. I don’t know but there are already a lot of survival programs like that in this country…

Of course the performance was not enough to immediately rank in the Net Plus daily US viewing rankings.

It was only a small success to the extent that “Azusa” was recommended by an algorithm to American viewers who had watched at least one Korean drama or entertainment show.

However it seems that it was something special for the head of the headquarters.

It would seem that the ‘appeal to America through reality’ that you were pushing for has really succeeded.

In fact you may have forgotten that the reality program itself did not take off and that the plan was revised differently from your vision.

‘no. I think it would have exploded even more if it hadn’t been fixed… ’

The superior intoxicated by the strong conviction that ‘he was right’ and a sense of accomplishment was no different from a runaway locomotive.

It was even worse because the junior idol Mirinae’s debut was also quite successful.

‘Fuck you.’

Fortunately the management director seemed to be eager to criticize the general manager’s behavior.

He is a guy who is worth the effort he took in advance.

“My brother said that people who steal artists’ achievements shouldn’t run a company.”

“and.”

This is what the third manager the manager’s cousin read the text message sent to him with a sad look on his face.

‘I guess we’ve had a real falling out.’

I hope we keep biting and fighting each other as planned and nothing happens. If we release a single and start promoting it will all be in vain.

‘Just fight with each other for four weeks.’

“Thank you for caring so much about us.”

“Yeah whatever.”

Manager number 3 said he was not particularly interested and turned on the game on his smartphone.

‘I’m really not interested in this.’

Still this guy was more useful than the first manager because he was the type of person who didn’t miss out on asking or asking for things.

Besides since I haven’t lived a social life I don’t know the lines when it comes to texts like this so I just show them.

“…Guys let’s move.”

“yes.”

On the other hand the first manager’s absent-minded attitude decreased significantly as if he was quite stressed by the changed ecosystem.

This was also comfortable. Moreover the new chief manager worked quickly and quickly.

‘But Liu Chengwu still works too much.’

Since the two road managers who accompany him directly do only what they are told Ryu Cheong-woo ends up taking the lead in checking the management.

Originally the managers should check each item individually and Ryu Cheong-woo should provide good feedback.

‘I think we need to fill the tester team with people who are good at their work.’

Let’s plan this a little further. First of all preparation for the next activity came first.

First of all the schedule for now is a meeting related to activity coordination.

“I have red hair!”

“okay. Do whatever you want Eugene.”

“Hehe.”

“By any chance Sejin… Bae Sejin don’t you want to dye your hair a brighter color? “From what we can see we think you’ll get along well.”

“…! I think it would be strange… No I will do it if necessary…”

“I’m not forcing you to ask! “I was wondering what it would be like to change my image.”

“Isn’t it nice to change your image~ Moon Dae-ya piercing call?”

“You do a lot.”

“Mumundae doesn’t like piercings…”

“That’s just it. “Do you like it?”

“Oh no! “I’ve never done it before…”

“Wow look at Park Moon-dae’s discrimination.”

Thanks to their stronger voice their opinions are now starting to be reflected quite a bit when it comes to hair and makeup.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“I’ll see you the day after tomorrow!”

‘Well it’s a piercing.’

After the meeting was over it was time to go to the recording studio to review the content that had not yet been decided.

“I’m really sorry but if you have time please go to the management room for a moment.”

“Oh yes.”

A cautious call came in from the management office.

‘what.’

In this case I had a bad feeling about the unexpected call but it seems I was right.

“Don’t worry testers!”

This is because the management manager who called us smiled brightly and said this as soon as we met.

‘Why does this guy look so happy?’

“I think the director of this comeback must have had a hard time because he kept asking us to target the United States.”

“That’s okay.”

In the first place the order from the head of the headquarters was not given directly. Besides what’s the point of laughing when you’re criticizing your boss right in front of your eyes?

In response to Ryu Cheong-woo’s hesitant answer the director responded more forcefully.

“no. We must respect the artist’s abilities and intentions! So I received confirmation through this meeting.”

“yes?”

I was shocked because I thought they had called me to show off and appeal but more than that I was quite scared as to what kind of confirmation I was getting.

And then came the damn statement.

“The director of this testa activity said that it would be successful in the global market without having to send testers to the United States!”

“…”

“So testers you can make the album you want like you are doing now without worrying about debuting in the US.”

You crazy bastard.

Suddenly it became necessary to make a fan service single a global hit.
