---
title: "Chapter 205"
category: "book"
index: 204
section: "Chapter 205"
slug: "205"
---

# Chapter 205

‘I believe you can do well on your own.’

At first glance it may seem like a good statement that conveys trust and confidence but if you hear this from a superior it means one of two things.

‘Do it yourself’ or ‘It’s your fault if you don’t do well’.

And this guy the management director is making remarks that contain both of these meanings without even realizing it.

‘If Testa does not achieve global results in this activity the head of the division has given him a reason to come in.’

It’s obvious. The head of the department will probably say something like ‘You have to do as I say in order to be successful in the global market.’

‘Naturally Testa’s right to speak will be weaker than it is now.’

I had barely developed my leadership to this level but in this small company with no answers such a situation was no different from a land mine.

However it is also problematic to say that Testa is not confident that this album will become a global hit.

Because the head of the headquarters could use that as a justification for intervention.

In short it was a dilemma.

‘I was played by this bastard’s headquarters manager.’

What do you expect from a parachute bastard? I’m just pissed.

“Of course we are trying to achieve good results but we cannot guarantee that we will hit the mark every time…”

“yes? No you just have to do what you have been doing so far. “Don’t worry!”

This means that the manager only cared about his right to speak so he arbitrarily decided that Testa would continue its usual upward trend.

There was no consideration at all that ‘You just have to do what you’ve been doing’ would be a burden to the singer.

Not knowing what it’s like to suffer on the front lines is truly parachute-like.

“…Um yeah.”

Liu Chengwu eventually kept his mouth shut.

I realized that if I said I couldn’t do it seriously the group would look funny.

‘Damn it.’

This means that the arrangement and choreography of this single have already been omitted in order to be light and popular. Because I was planning on taking advantage of the domestic recognition I gained through reality.

‘We made the chorus point choreography easy to follow.’

With only a few weeks left before the comeback I feel like I have to completely change my direction.

I’ll see you again in hell during your debut.

“…”

Is there a hole to escape?

I quickly shook my head.

‘Testa is slowly transitioning out of being a rookie so how can I rub it well… ’

At that time Raebin Kim raised his hand and threw a fastball.

“However this single was designed to focus on domestic popularity so we did not aim for a global hit.”

“…!”

‘hey.’

For a moment I thought about covering my mouth but when I saw the manager’s embarrassed face I realized.

‘In fact this might be more effective.’

Raebin Kim had an expression full of pure doubt without any intention.

When Liu Chengwu made eye contact with me he nodded slightly.

“…”

Okay let’s take a look.

“If it does well domestically there will of course be a positive response overseas.”

“Not necessarily. The gap between KPOP’s domestic hits and global hits has steadily deepened over the past few years creating various cases…”

Kim Rae-bin diligently explained everything from songs that were hits in Korea but had little response in the global market to counter-examples.

And he ended his speech with a proud look on his face that he had explained everything.

“That’s why we can’t guarantee that this will be a global hit!”

“…”

The manager seemed a little overwhelmed by the innocuous bombardment of background information.

However perhaps because he knew that Kim Rae-bin did not intend to talk back instead of looking offended he began to blabber in an uneasy tone.

“There are still a few weeks left until the comeback so why not change the route? “The current head of the headquarters is such a maverick… you all know that right?”

That’s it. I found a pod.

I clasped my hands together.

“Then what I’m saying is that we need to immediately reorganize the group’s activity lines in line with what the director said.”

“…!”

It’s not that our performance is bad and we can say this much to Parachute.

“Of course I know that you said this for our sake and I think we should work hard but…”

Still put down a layer of cushioning material.

“I’m a little worried because it’s the opposite of our original intention so I think the director will say that this isn’t artist-centered either.”

“…”

Isn’t there a conflict between the orders to ‘respect the artist’s opinion’ and ‘change whatever the artist has planned to focus on global performance’?

A moment of bewilderment passed over the manager’s face.

Does it sound reasonable to you?

If you think about winning at best but getting caught because the head of the division changed his words you will be overwhelmed with stress.

“That’s right~ I see there is a direction in which we originally wanted to pursue our activities! “I think it might look that way.”

“We don’t have any big plans for the US yet so we’d like to continue preparing for our comeback by working hard in Korea first.”

Support fire pours in.

We will continue with our preparations so you can take care of the problem yourself.

Of course the manager’s complexion worsens.

“Well then it may be difficult for me to support you in the future…”

I guess you don’t want to sound regretful by retracting something that made you feel embarrassed.

‘Well if I push it any further this bastard might make a fuss about hurting his feelings.’

The director’s arrow should be pointed at the head of the division not at the tester.

Still there are many good things about pushing it into a corner like this.

‘It’s easy to tear off.’

Then like this… Oh that’s right.

‘…I decided to proceed after receiving consent from the team members.’

I made eye contact with the other members nodded and gave a rough signal.

‘Let’s just do as he says. If we do something wrong a bomb will explode.’

‘Yes yes~’

‘I’ll do my best either way…!’

‘I’m hungry!’

There seemed to be a strange signal at the end but I ignored it.

Anyway there is no one who shakes his head or is in desperate opposition. I answered the manager slowly and in a serious tone.

“Hmm… then how about doing it like this?”

“What kind of…?”

“The company saw that the reality show was doing well and invested heavily so we increased the scale of the project before the comeback.”

Please invest more capital.

“Then the context seems natural. What do you think Manager?”

Since time was short the strategy was to pour in whatever money was available to fill the void.

‘He’s a parachute so he’ll be able to attract funds from the headquarters.’

As expected the manager was pleased.

“It looks good to me.”

Done.

As the picture shows Testa didn’t ask for more money so even if it ends up being an average hit there will be less backlash.

Now let’s pour in a huge amount of capital and revise the arrangement choreography and MV in just 4 weeks.

‘Fuck you.’

It suddenly became a forced march.

* * *

That day we postponed our recording schedule and locked ourselves in the conference room.

“Global hit…”

“Hmm.”

Surprisingly the first to speak was Bae Se-jin.

“…How about doing it in English?”

That was quite reasonable.

However looking at the global ecology of KPOP it was a premature suggestion.

“Using English is aimed at gaining popularity in English-speaking countries… Wouldn’t it work if the public there first needs to know about us?”

“ah.”

That’s right. First of all it was a strategy to use only when the fan base was solid.

If we weren’t careful we could have just given a negative label like ‘too conscious of America’.

So what can be done to solidify the people who have been introduced to American memes into a fan base?

“I think it would be good to look at the concepts that existing KPOP overseas fans liked.”

“Oh that’s for sure~”

Hearing Liu Chengyu’s muttering Big Sejin raised his hand.

“The choreography is cool and the beat is good~ Don’t you like it when the music video is beautifully chosen?”

“Wouldn’t Korea also like something so cool…?”

“Well that’s right. But what should I say? In Korea dance songs with a lot of emphasis on beats… there are a lot of people who don’t listen to male idol songs right?”

That is correct.

So out of the two debut title songs we pushed ‘Magical Boy’ further because the beat was not too loud and was easy to listen to.

‘That one definitely ranked higher on the music charts and had a longer run than ‘Hi-five’.’

In the same vein songs like ‘Travel’ which is extremely conceptual and intense had slightly weaker music rankings than the previous title song.

Even though it was a period of activity in which they reached a career high and entered the top tier so much that the influx of fandom was visible.

Still it’s just as Big Sejin said.

‘It’s a shame that the popularity has soared domestically but if you need a response from overseas this is the right one.’

Of course even if you have decided on a direction it is not easy to change everything overnight.

“We just need to fix the choreography and everything so there’s no big problem… Are you okay Sejin?”

“…of course.”

Bae Se-jin responded steadfastly to Ryu Cheong-woo.

Liu Chengwu continued speaking with a slightly sorry expression.

“okay. Well I think I can gradually modify the rest in a cooler direction… I’m worried that arranging it will be difficult.”

Everyone looked at Raebin Kim after hearing those words.

“…?”

Raebin Kim looked around with a puzzled expression and then opened his mouth with an expression of realization.

“Once the concept is decided I will come up with a few arrangements to suit the mood! Please give me four days!”

It was an exciting statement.

“Is it okay…? “Wouldn’t it be very difficult…?”

“Still this title already has good melodic top notes that can be combined in many ways so I’m quite excited to try something new!”

“…”

Kim Rae-bin… seems rather excited about being able to try something he couldn’t do because he was trying to fit the formula for popularity and box office success.

‘Yes I’m glad that everyone is happy.’

I opened my mouth.

“Okay Ravin. “Then let’s start by talking about the concept so that Ravin can start working on it quickly.”

“okay.”

“I like Joe!”

“Does anything come to mind? “It’s an idea bank again~”

Originally we planned to release a seasonal song suitable for spring with no special fixed image but was moderately refreshing and had good colors.

What I’m saying is that we need to change this into a concept on a scale that will make a great ‘music video’…

At the same time we need to make it suitable for the tastes of English-speaking countries so that the head of the department can’t give a damn.

If it seems greedy I hope I get a lot of it without giving up on domestic popularity.

Since it is a digital single the album is not sold so the music charts are important.

‘…hmm.’

Is it good for fans to consume with great choreography and strong beats?

‘…ah.’

I opened my mouth.

“Let’s take this opportunity to expand our world view.”

“Our worldview? “Which one?”

“March.”

After some intense brainstorming the amendment including the arrangement was passed unanimously.

‘Instead go in a direction that is as comfortable as possible for listening!’

And three turbulent weeks passed.

* * *

Testa’s fans all knew that this comeback was a single.

This is because news of the comeback was quickly distributed to the media in conjunction with the encore concert. It was part of maintaining topicality.

And fans were even able to guess the mood of the song from the phrases added to each article.

[Revealing comeback with Testa Cherry Blossoms]

[Testar’s comeback warm-up… Will they challenge the spring carol?]

[National style tester returns with men with refreshing spring emotions]

It was a press release that the agency’s working-level staff worked hard to induce to set the tone after confirming the plan for this testa activity.

Thanks to this fans all expected it to be a crowd-friendly easy-listening song similar to ‘Picnic’ which was the title of the last repackage album.

Of course it wasn’t just the fans.

-The music rankings were updated with Picnic. It looks like they are going to do it safely.

-Haha it’s a bit disappointing. The testa’s color looks something like Magical Boy’s Coming.

– I’ve really come to like Baramy but since I keep playing easy songs I feel like I’m cooling off.

-I’ve only been with the team for a short period of time but I’m already a bit weak at lowering the choreography difficulty haha. I guess that’s because the fans still like it.

As the reality program was a hit Testa’s comeback received almost as much attention as its debut which made many people go crazy.

-This song hasn’t even been released yet so it’s already damn it haha. How much of a crisis is there? I feel sorry for you.

-It’s strange because there’s so little sense of impact.

-It’s a digital single so… I’m sure they’ll release a full-length album but I’m a fan so it’s a shame. Those idiots who talk like this are so annoying.

-No matter what our kids do we’ll be happy with it so stop lecturing us.

– Hahaha it’s going so well that I can only scratch it like this now baby hahaha.

Fans were able to ignore the reaction by being moderately annoyed and laughing at it to a moderate degree.

Looking at the current momentum there was no way this comeback would fail…!

At the same time I also thought that this stage would be fun and flashy enough to make that guy shut up but basically everyone trusted Testa.

‘I’ve never failed before!’

And on the day of Testa’s comeback teaser release.

Fans will see an incredible 30-second video that they never expected.

‘Wha wilderness??’

The concept that Testa chose was… Steampunk Joseon.
