---
title: "Chapter 206"
category: "book"
index: 205
section: "Chapter 206"
slug: "206"
---

# Chapter 206

Testa’s teaser began with a steam locomotive passing through a barren field.

Chiiik!

A brass-colored train with prominent gear wheels approached the screen at an angle.

And then there was a close-up of the inside of the train window as if you were being sucked in.

[…]

It was a room with an antique mid-Joseon Dynasty style.

The two passengers sitting opposite each other were wearing black and white coats like coats.

Underneath the outer garment a modern-style garment with leather straps and buckles was visible.

Suddenly the camera captured the face of the person wearing the white robe. Sun Ah-hyun with her hair neatly covered looked down.

And on the other side.

In-young who was opening an old newspaper with a large headline reading ‘Why are you saying that even monsters are being issued citizenship certificates?’ took down the newspaper.

It was the silver-haired Park Mun-dae.

Park Moon-dae raised his head and stared at the camera without any expression.

At that moment the music came.

[♬♩-♪♬ ♩ ♩ ♩]

The video quickly began to move through cut scenes with rhythmic drums and gently falling wind chimes creating a strange period drama feel.

Lee Se-jin wearing a monocle flipping a gold coin seemed to be smiling briefly but soon Rae-bin Kim wearing a suit and holding a gas lamp passed by in front of the coal mine.

And Bae Se-jin with light brown hair was looking at a strange-looking analog brass instrument panel.

The moment Bae Se-jin looked down outside the window the camera followed his gaze and showed the train entering the strange city.

The city with its chaotic mix of traditional architectural styles and symbols of the Industrial Revolution was briefly captured but soon the focus was on the train running over the buildings.

And the next moment.

The train derailed.

Wow!

When it collides with the building the roof tiles fall off. Golden dust and debris flew.

A foot wearing a walker stuck out from there.

Pot!

Inyoung soon kicked away the debris and clung to the side of the train. Loud metallic-colored medals flashed on the front island.

[wow!]

Cha Yu-jin wearing a remodeled military uniform was hanging from the train and smiling brightly. Debris was scattered behind her.

And the camera moved along the oldest of the numerous bounty posters that were sucked into the rubble.

[100 000 nyang]

It was around this time that the identity of the black figure in the poster was recognized.

Suddenly the camera showing the screen shook and fell as if it had received a shock from the outside.

Jijijik-!

The accompaniment stopped as if it was broken.

Ryu Cheng-wu with a musket slung over his shoulder against a shaking black background raised his chin and looked down at the camera.

His eyes glowed bright blue like a poster.

[…]

The screen disappeared.

A singing voice rang out.

-no oh no-oh no-oh

A time of thirst and thirst

A line of melody.

And then a subtitle appeared along with silence.

[TeSTAR]

[Spring out]

Immediately after the comment section began to update like crazy with question marks and tears.

* * *

“after!”

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan held his breath when he saw the package that had arrived.

Testa’s latest activity only released one title song so there was no album but T1 sold related MDs to a large extent.

What Kim Rae-bin’s fan purchased was light stick parts and a concept photo book.

She made and sold everything from bags to hats on the site but she did not want to be a fanatic enough to buy all of that so it was her choice.

‘The T1 guys are really amazing.’

I had no idea that photo books would be sold so seriously instead of albums.

Of course I wanted to check the photobook first but first I had to remove the light stick decoration parts from above.

‘It’s so cute!’

It was cute that the golden gears and pocket watch were connected to the pipe. As she huffed and sorted it out her mind wandered to the music video.

“It was crazy.”

I really couldn’t think of anything else to say.

The response was explosive from the time the teaser was first released. Of course it was because the video quality was good but there was another reason that was bigger than that.

-He said he was a spring youth! They say you are a spring youth!

-Spring Youth (derailed the train)

-I understand… I wanted to express spring with yellow dust and fine dust flying not cherry blossoms.

-I didn’t know it was the spring.

This is because the media was agitated with the feeling of a ‘refreshing spring carol song’ but the teaser actually gave the taste of a world view with a strong sense of science fiction fantasy.

Still there were far more people who were angry than who were disappointed.

-Yokai and traditional style? This is definitely a world view lol.

-Ah crazy Ryu Cheong-woo the final boss material was messed up. Are you crazy?~~ National University gunman!!

-It’s steampunk even down to the brass gears of the steam engine. What in the world is happening to Joseon steampunk?

-T1 has a lot of money so that’s why I’m holding back and being a fan.

-Wow they’re throwing this out as a single.

It was overwhelming to spend so much money on a single that was not even a regular album and seemed like it would pass as fan service.

Since it was famous for being a subsidiary of a large company that was good at spending money not many people regretted it or worried about it.

Of course that doesn’t mean there weren’t people scratching.

-But I think this will only do well if I sell the album but the music… I don’t know.

-T1’s guts are good but he seems a bit weird lol.

-It was an opportunity to gain popularity among male idols but he kicked away his luck.

People who like to cause trouble changed their words and started disparaging the song as if they had never said that ‘popular songs are not fun’.

But that also ended the moment the song was released.

-The sense of today seeps in

Enjoy this moment I can feel the gaze

What’s up?

the real flavor (come out)

The song was rhythmic and languid reggae.

It was clearly expected that the performance would be faithful to the interlude and bridge with a strong drop but overall it was easy to listen to.

This means that it was a good song to shake your body and enjoy as a drive song.

‘Only the same rabbit Kim Rae-bin is capable of killing two birds with one stone.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan casually finished the rhyme-only meeting and continued with the task of dismantling the package.

But in my head the reactions I had seen on the internet were flying by.

The general public who had been waiting for Testa’s comeback for the first time as a reality program was confused from the teaser.

-It looks like a movie trailer.

-Hey they must be making a lot of money.

-No I thought it was an idol music video but it was some kind of SF Joseon Dynasty movie.

-Is that Cheongwoo at the end? ㅠㅠ Oh my goodness Cheongwoo makes that kind of expression he’s so cool!

-What is it? Why did the cuties who sold hotteok have such flashy hair colors? It reminds me of magical girl transformation haha.

└Surprisingly their debut song is Magic Boy

└Huh

These people could only be seen on social media but the comment section of the WeTube video was swept away by a wave of foreigners.

-So… this is the ‘work’ they were doing in Korea? (chin-down emoticon)

-Ahyun’s pomade hair almost took my breath away.

-Everyone didn’t know that in Korea airships fly and steam locomotives run over buildings? (Crying laughing emoticon)

-I can’t believe that the people who won that tough audition program are finally making such great videos so I’m rooting for them from Wisconsin☺

-Testa deserves more recognition!

Foreigners who had watched Azusa through memes started leaving comments.

This was possible because the story of ‘something like that happened in the United States’ circulated not only in the United States but also among KPOP overseas fandoms.

Thanks to this the music video surpassed 30 million views in 24 hours.

Now Testa’s fans are slowly getting a taste of the first team.

‘The tour schedule will expand further… ’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan envisioned a bleak future and eventually succeeded in unwrapping the photo book from the delivery box.

“Whoa.”

For reference this is volume 4.

It was because T1 the treacherous pigs of capitalism used the random photo card system they used for their albums here too…

If Park Moon-dae had known it could have been stopped but because he was busy with a crazy schedule he couldn’t take care of it up to this point.

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan clasped his hands.

‘Please Raebin Kim!’

She had already looked up a reasonable explanation of what photo cards were included for each member.

First of all there were a total of 14 types of photo cards 2 for each member.

And Kim Rae-bin had a selfie taken with a wink and a behind-the-scenes shot of a music video wearing a suit and hat.

‘If possible the former would be better.’

This is because Kim Rae-bin does not take selfies often.

[hello! My name is Raebin Kim. I’m posting this because I thought of Loveviewer while I was working. (picture)]

This would be explained if in the early days of debut there were many cases of photos of one’s own equipment being attached to social media.

And… if Kim Rae-bin doesn’t appear I wish she would appear together if possible.

‘Silver-haired Park Moon-dae…!’

It was the first time for Park Moon-dae to dye his hair in such a cold color. In addition the neatly trimmed and half-cut hairstyle was great!

-Baba Park Mundae What is happening?

-Please let me go to the workshop. I have to see that with my own eyes.

-Spring Park Moon-dae Let’s choose a Siberian Husky dog. We just agreed now (capture)

As soon as the teaser was released the response was so hot that ‘Mundae silver hair’ was featured as a popular post and real-time keyword.

‘He definitely knows something.’

She nodded ignoring the fact that most members who had newly dyed hair or wore colored contact lenses had similarly become a hot topic.

And then he began to open the photobook with great vigor.

‘If you take out the card you can’t sell it at full price anyway! Just one book needs to be intact!’

Confirming the photo card was a priority.

She boldly opened the first photo book and picked up the card that fell from the middle.

“…!”

The person in the photo was… Cha Yu-jin.

“Eight.”

She lamented the reality that she was neither Kim Rae-bin nor Park Moon-dae but soon changed her mind.

‘Cha Yu-jin is unconditionally exchangeable!’

It was obvious that Cha Yu-jin’s personal fans were overflowing frantically looking for exchanges.

Moreover Cha Yu-jin’s photo card in this music video outfit came out really well.

Cha Yu-jin lying with her feet up on a very classic open car and smiling glowed golden.

It had a magical power that made you want to scream and keep it.

“…”

Should I sell or not?

Even she who had no special feelings for Cha Yu-jin eventually cleared her throat and carefully took the photo.

“No… well they may appear in the other three volumes.”

Making excuses to herself she reached for the remaining photo books but couldn’t shake the strong feeling that she wouldn’t sell those photo cards.

‘I don’t know maybe I can buy more.’

Rather the key was whether or not the music video would appear on music broadcasts exactly as it was.

Two days later… no it was just past midnight so tomorrow was the first music broadcast.

She thought deeply recalling the grueling schedule for the first week of her idol activities.

‘Well I guess we’re in the middle of practicing the last-minute choreography right now.’

Unfortunately it wasn’t as she expected.

At the same time the members were all huddled together in the practice room looking worn out and exhausted looking at the monitor.

“Now… let’s play.”

“yes.”

After completing the crazy schedule of the past month they were finally filming the reaction video for this music video.
