---
title: "Chapter 207"
category: "book"
index: 206
section: "Chapter 207"
slug: "207"
---

# Chapter 207

It was an eventful month.

-Teacher~ From the confirmation of our choreography draft

-I’m sorry but when the lyrics are modified like this there are a lot of parts that don’t match the rhythm…

-I heard that costumes for concept photos have been released.

The countdown to the activity started but there was no end to the number of things that had to be changed so the working staff worked almost like crazy afterwards.

Of course the highlight was the music video.

I came to the conclusion that no matter what I did I couldn’t finish editing by the date.

‘It was creepy.’

So they revised their schedule to release the music first on Tuesday the comeback date and then release the music video at midnight on Thursday.

At the time I was reluctant because I thought I would lose money but surprisingly this method brought about quite positive results.

‘Thanks to the fact that the music was released first it was placed on the charts without prejudice.’

Steampunk Joseon appearing in the music video is a fun element but it’s not a friendly element.

If this specialness affected the impression of the sound source there was a high probability that its popularity would suffer for no reason.

However after garnering attention with just an interesting teaser the song’s popularity melted away as I listened to the song separately.

Thanks to this it is currently hovering between 4th and 5th place on the biggest music charts.

[4th place Spring out / Testa] ▲1

To be honest I expected a top 10 finish but it went surprisingly smoothly.

‘I wonder if the number of users will increase after the stage and entertainment show is done like before.’

So this time we made up our minds and made quite a schedule as a team for major domestic entertainment shows. Let’s take advantage of the buzz created by reality.

‘I guess I’ll look forward to it.’

Of course for a smooth corporate life in the future… the most important thing is the global response.

For your information I don’t even expect it to make it onto Billboard’s main chart.

‘It’s not yet known that much overseas.’

In order to target the Billboard in the first place it should have been simultaneously released in the US on Friday to match that chart and fully reflect the one week’s worth of results immediately after the comeback.

It would be completely understandable that the infrastructure could not be built within three weeks.

‘Damn it.’

Moreover the only way to win is to aim for the album chart. There is no answer to the song chart unless you have a VTIC-level overseas fandom.

This means that Testa’s global growth cannot be measured by being on the Billboard charts this time as he is only active with one song.

‘We focus on proving that we have increased Testa’s global awareness.’

The answer is the increase in the number of searches for Testa in global search engines the number of views by platform country and the size of the tour.

And the current music video reaction will also become good WeTube content that drives that.

“Oh here we go.”

“Excited~”

It was a great attitude for the members to talk so hard even though their eyes were tired.

‘Is it thanks to the settlement?’

The settlement amount for the first quarter of this year which came in a few days ago exceeded the first settlement amount received after debuting for over half a year.

Bae Se-jin claimed that he had paid off the real estate mortgage loan.

Anyway I also slapped my palms as sincerely as I could and looked at the monitor.

The music video started from the end of the teaser that is the overturned train.

-I…

fancy sneakers messy collapsing

Quack!

As soon as the low-pitched narration-like rap ended. The train exploded.

And Cha Yu-jin who jumped out of the explosion unharmed caught the newspaper flying in the air and grinned.

This is the old newspaper that ‘Park Moon-dae’ reads in the teaser.

“Oh~”

“Is it cool?”

“that’s right!”

While Cha Yu-jin next to her was excitedly asserting her coolness Cha Yu-jin on the screen was excitedly running into the city developing the music video’s storyline.

And the rhythmic and slow intro melody.

-I let go and enjoy it lazily

Comfortable Driving Mode

I’ve been through it all fame pain

An exploration unfolds in a strange city that mixes science fiction and modern Joseon. In short it was close to an old American Western style adventure drama.

However I was careful not to seem too obsessed with the story.

‘It’s a music video after all.’

This means that they did a good job of capturing wonderfully choreographed scenes set in unrealistic building interiors or sparkling wilderness.

It was also specified that attention should be paid to distribution of the story volume.

Although Cha Yu-jin was the first to start the members took over the baton by appearing one by one in each part.

“Why is Sejin wearing a monocle…?”

“Ah I was a nine-tailed fox before right? “Why do I get mesmerized when I look into your eyes? Are you showing me something like that?”

“That’s great.”

“Huh? Put a little more soul into Mundaemundae!”

“Wow that’s really cool.”

Even the already decided comments are filled in like this. Because it’s not fun to just add exclamation points.

Of course I also got some exclamation points.

“Wow Bae Se-jin!”

“Oh your acting is always amazing…!”

“Not to that extent.”

This is the praise poured out in the scene where Bae Se-jin presses the analog instrument panel and the train turns gears and recovers.

“There were no objects in front of me but it felt like they really existed!”

“that’s right. “When Sejin was acting it was just full of green everyone.”

This means that he acted in front of a green screen with only a focusing stick.

It may seem like they are bragging about their technological prowess but that is not true.

I really didn’t have time to build a whole set so I just chose CG to kill time with my budget…

‘That company must have had hell of a job too.’

And even in that situation they gave a fancy CG scene to someone who would act without being fazed and that was Bae Se-jin.

“…I’m glad it came out well and I will continue to work hard.”

“and!”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned red and she nodded at the camera.

Well public opinion has been favorable toward that guy lately so it seems like things have gotten a lot easier.

The music video reaction continued like that.

“Look at that! Kim Rae-bin can’t move!”

“no! “I played the role of a goblin so the director asked me to use such static movements to create mystery!”

Eventually a meaningful scene passes by where I Park Moon-dae and Kim Rae-bin meet in a coal mine and both the song and the picture become heightened.

From languid reggae to intense and deep moombahton.

-Actually I know it’s not enough.

What I need is a sense

burning thirsty

time of thirst

This is because a sense of specific purpose was revealed in the story toward the end.

The train derailment in the music video teaser was aimed at monsters who came to the city to receive ‘citizenship certificates’.

So for various reasons the members try to catch this terrorist in order to receive citizenship.

And as anyone who saw the teaser may have guessed the terrorist is Liu Chengwu.

-no oh no-oh no~oh

A time of thirst and thirst

Soon the members on the screen faced off in the middle of the night with Ryu Cheong-woo who glared down at them with an overbearing face.

“Oh!”

The nicely CG-ed scenes were believable without being excessive.

It could have been like a low-budget B-movie but it was definitely worth the money spent.

And it was quite interesting to see the different interpretations of this scene.

For reference this was the strong liquor.

-It’s a metaphor for discrimination!

The basis is as follows.

-The members who appeared as extremely powerful and mysterious beings in ‘Training’ must run to be recognized as members within the confines of human society.

-This is a discourse on discrimination that naturally melted into the background of the modern era when sufficient discussion and awareness growth about human rights have not yet occurred.

-The story line is laid out similarly to ‘Travel’ making it more thematically conscious.

-In addition ‘Ryu Cheong-woo’ who eventually realized that he was a monster in ‘Training’ this time denied the citizenship of monsters and became a terrorist.

-This is a feeling of discrimination that stems from self-hatred.

-In other words Testa’s music video reflects criticism of discrimination.

Actually I didn’t think about it this much… but it was surprising that they immediately recognized what I had considered.

Of course it seemed like it was used like this in the end.

[You can compare a monster like this? Foreigners astonished by Testa’s amazing music video!]

[A counterattack against the racism faced by Asians in the United States? Testa’s new song review]

Since I’m filming this video so late I’ve already looked through the public reaction and analysis… so a thought comes to me.

Anyway at the climax of the song a battle between the members and Ryu Cheong-woo is implied and intense climax choreography is included.

Ah it’s my part.

-The sense of today seeps in

Enjoy this moment I can feel the gaze

Now without notice

Spring out

The cut of Ryu Cheong-woo turning the ebony long gun around and firing was included in an appropriate part one after another.

“Wow!”

“Brother~ It’s so cool??”

“I really feel like a boss! What a badass!”

“Well is that so? haha.”

Liu Chengwu smiled awkwardly. Actually at the time of filming he seemed to like it a lot and was looking into his hobby of shooting… but let’s not talk about it for now.

“Hey~ But it’s a bit like that because we’re in a 6\:1 picture. “Right?”

“no! I love winning! “You just have to win!”

“…”

I’m asking you to edit this.

The music video contained more waves and flips than the previous songs creating a good dramatic choreography and ultimately ended with the monsters overpowering Ryu Cheong-woo.

However Cha Yu-jin smiling comes forward and a brief interlude that is not in the sound source is added.

[…]

Cha Yu-jin places the citizenship certificate application into Ryu Cheong-woo’s hand.

-Bite it and enjoy it

Now Spring out

You sting

Swallow it to your heart’s content

The music returned and the ending ended like that.

The members quite naturally added comments as if they were seeing it for the first time.

“Oh~”

“I think it came out really cool…!”

“I was impressed by how well it was implemented according to the storyboard!”

“Thank you director~ I love you Lovers who watched the music video~”

“I hope it’s a big hit.”

It’s clear that the music video has already broken its own record in terms of views but out of courtesy let’s add this comment.

[Wow!]

[Wahhaha!]

After watching a few seconds of the guys who got citizenship through the cookie video running around excitedly I think they chose the right amount of footage.

“Then everyone we will work hard and do great things again so please give us a lot of interest and love.”

“See you soon~”

The camera turned off with a greeting.

And as soon as the staff packed up their equipment all members immediately returned looking exhausted.

“after…”

“We can… stay awake tomorrow right?”

The current time is 1\:30 AM.

Considering that I had to leave for the shop at 4 a.m. tomorrow I had to go to bed right away but considering the final choreography practice I’m sure I’ll stay up all night.

“Let’s cheer up.”

“yes.”

Well there is no other way so I have no choice but to do it… It would be nice to reduce the travel time at least.

‘Isn’t it time to change accommodation?’

I want to move my accommodation to the center of Seoul.

Looking at the settlement amount it seems like I can receive that much investment.

‘Should I deal after seeing the results of this activity?’

In order to get the best location and conditions possible I decided to consider the timing carefully and put that thought aside. Because I was too busy.

But the very next day.

This topic immediately surfaced.

“Our testers how about moving to a better place to stay?”

“yes?”

Of course it was not an idea like a charity project where the agency voluntarily paid for the singer out of concern for the singer who looked tired.

The chief manager said with a tearful expression as if on purpose.

“No… because I keep getting complaints about that apartment.”

ah.

“You know those crazy kids keep trying to break into my complex so the management says it’s no longer difficult…”

okay. I wondered why this problem didn’t come up.
