---
title: "Chapter 208"
category: "book"
index: 207
section: "Chapter 208"
slug: "208"
---

# Chapter 208

In fact I experienced quite a few unusual invasions of privacy while working in the group.

-You crazy you intentionally tried to cause an accident with that taxi right??

-Hey… he keeps trying to hit me from behind…

-Wow~ Testa! Please sign here and take a picture!

-yes? Sorry but this place…

-I just did it for my nephew.

In the most severe cases it ranges from intentionally causing an accident to intrusive actions during the waiting time for a music broadcast.

Well it’s true that it wasn’t an unexpected side effect but I just passed it off as a professional disadvantage.

In the information age it seemed like there were more people trying to hack electronic devices than people coming in person.

First of all the accommodation was fine.

‘It didn’t seem like there was any room for something like a one-room incident to occur.’

This is because the accommodation is an apartment with very good security.

There would have been no way to break into the old studio apartment I was using as a temporary base.

Perhaps Bae Se-jin also felt a stronger urge to purchase real estate with good security after moving into this accommodation.

However it seems like that has now reached its limit.

“They came in at all?”

“yes. Ugh. They say he bribed a delivery man to come into the parking lot but the process of getting caught again…”

“How did you get discovered…?”

Chief Manager sighed and answered the nervous Kim Rae-bin.

“It was a diversionary operation!”

“…?!”

“I heard that all the kids who infiltrated the management office’s CCTV room and were caught looking at blind spots were taken away… Oh my that’s right.”

“Ugh.”

“…”

It’s amazing.

Isn’t this some kind of mafia? Did you bribe an employee and carry out a diversionary operation?

It was so organized that its persistence and passion were a waste. But it wasn’t surprising.

‘When I was doing Data Pal a similar number of cases came in.’

It’s the kind of request that asks someone to hang around all day and leave behind data.

The pay was quite strong but it was easy to draw a red line so I avoided it.

Anyway after seeing this the apartment management office and the residents’ meeting could no longer tolerate it and issued a recommendation.

“In the beginning it was difficult to chase away those who kept camped in front of the complex but now you say it is no longer difficult…”

“…Hmm.”

In short ‘It’s your problem so do something about it yourself.’

This is a situation where I can’t help but feel embarrassed because it is a common sense request.

Moreover it is dangerous for the company to just ignore it because it does not want to worry about it. The moment the apartment residents report it to the media the situation will escalate.

[Controversy over Testa accommodation… Apartment residents complain of fear due to noise and intrusion]

The article title is already thrilling.

‘As expected there is no other answer than moving.’

Rather than investing money and manpower into this apartment the company would have chosen a mover who could make a media play by saying “We moved the accommodation to a better place.”

Still telling the relevant situation in detail like this has more meaning than just an explanation.

It would be easier to get their cooperation by scaring them like this rather than wiping their mouths and saying things like “We’re moving them to a better place.”

In the future… in dealing with stalkers.

‘In that sense he is definitely more capable than the first manager… ’

Hmm it would be better to add a new road manager with good humanity.

This is a group with a lot of people who put a lot of effort into their work. As a manager I needed someone who was kind and quick-witted.

“So since things are like this I think it would be nice to move to a bigger and better place. What do you think?”

“song! great!”

“wait a minute. “Well would anyone who definitely wants to change accommodations raise their hand?”

Hearing Ryu Cheong-woo’s words several people including Cha Yu-jin immediately raised their hands.

Instead of raising his hand Big Sejin waved it as if it were a stretcher and grinned.

“Oh of course it’s nice to move~ But where are we going?”

“We’re still checking potential locations but what’s certain is that we should go to a place with better security and a better location than here!”

“Right~ Ah you’re going to a place near the shop right? “I agree!”

This means that if the shop in Cheongdam-dong is not close enough to the center of Seoul it is the opposite.

“Haha I understand! Oh then would you like to see the candidates in person? “I’ll send it to you!”

“yes!”

Soon a file appeared in the company’s workroom on Messenger. I immediately clicked on the file and scanned the candidates.

‘It’s okay.’

Of course you won’t know unless you go there in person but once you look at the location and name everything was very good.

‘There are already many places where celebrities have moved in… ’

for a moment. Why am I here?

At that moment Chief Manager happened to pick up that ‘here’.

“Actually we want to push SV Village a little harder but the Testa name is worth it! “I think it’s okay to give that much~ I’m trying my best to deliver it!”

No.

“…How about a place closer to the broadcasting station? Endre Felice and…”

“Ah we are also taking a meaningful look at that too!”

The Chief Manager skillfully changed direction. Sun Ah-hyeon asked from next to me.

“Do you hate riding in the car for long periods of time…?”

“…It’s kind of like that.”

“I see!”

no.

I only know whose accommodations are in ‘SV Village’.

‘It’s VTIC accommodation.’

Of course as people get older everyone knows that they have become independent and have become less famous but there is no need to give them the excuse of being neighbors.

‘Well looking at what he’s doing it looks like he has no intention of getting out of the house.’

I don’t know why I’m sending pictures of dogs rolling around in the garden but I hope they just live their lives as they are.

But I don’t know what people do so let’s avoid it.

“Then I will definitely organize your opinions and pass them on to you!”

“yes!”

The meeting ended neatly and it seemed like the moving process would probably proceed quickly by the end of this activity.

‘There won’t be any problem.’

I thought so but the problem was that this news leaked elsewhere.

* * *

-We are moving to each islandㅠ E fellow

-You guys are getting expensive all of a sudden.

└Kkkkkkkk Now is the part where I can complain about invasion of privacy?

– Haha they say he’s such a top star that he can’t even stand his crush waiting outside his dorm.ㅠㅠ

-That sucks I barely got through the security.

‘I can’t come to my senses.’

Twin Homma turned off the capture he was briefly examining.

This office worker who runs the twin home of Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae was using his downtime to browse social media. Then I found this article.

[Testa regular soldiers are disgusting]

Someone captured and uploaded their private account.

‘Why are you dragging something like this over the water?’ ‘What you wrote is also an invasion of Testa’s privacy’ etc. but seeing that they didn’t take down the post even though they were excited it was clear what their intentions were.

‘It looks like you want to start your promotion period.’

The office worker quit after thinking about the obvious suspects – VTIC’s fans One Curve’s fans etc.

That’s because there was no atmosphere to ruin it.

Testa’s activities this time were going smoothly.

There was a lot of influx of fans but the weakening of popularity which had gradually become entrenched in ‘their own world’ after ‘Azusa’ was stopped thanks to reality.

‘I guess that’s why you’re so anxious that you’re in trouble?’

In addition Twin Homma’s picks the two were particularly successful in adding a new image and were on a roll.

Not only Lee Se-jin who wears a different type of monocle for each music broadcast but Park Moon-dae’s silver hair was also very well received.

-In the music video he licked the pen nib and in the fancam he licked my heart and ate the heart of the person who touched it.

-I will never stuff the silver-haired Mundae and give up the 1000-year-old elite monster vibe (emoticon with clenched fist)

-Yes I knew it would be like this. Heukdaeng Geumdaeng The era of grand unification has come.

└Isn’t silver hair from Tibet?

It wasn’t just personal SNS but even the posts posted on WeTube fancams were flooding in with nothing visible.

‘As expected it’s a good thing we caught Park Moon-dae together.’

At this level it would be possible to cover the cost of activities by making and selling season greetings. Twin Homma logged onto his SNS with satisfaction.

What do you mean by sasaeng? This is an issue that will be swept aside if a new one pops up again.

To put it bluntly the people he caught were not the ones to be caught by Sasaeng anyway so there would be no further controversy.

‘First of all I’m sure about Lee Se-jin.’

Twin Homma is confident that Lee Se-jin an idol was never the type of person to feel sorry for a stalker after years of being in this relationship.

He is clearly an ambitious guy who is good at making and breaking ties and is good at distinguishing between construction and construction.

‘Park Moon-dae? Definitely not this way.’

This was a guy who would wonder why he was living like a stalker.

It seems like he’s secretly weak towards people who like him but judging by the way he creates an amazing self-image it seems like he’s smart so he’ll take care of it.

The office worker finished his review neatly and continued making corrections while gulping down a zero-calorie soda.

And it was the moment when a two-shot of the two that was not released from the last concert was uploaded to social media.

“what?”

-Pube have you seen this?ㅠㅠ

The Internet bulletin board link posted by an anonymous account that I did not know was unusual.

[The skill of hitting a testa]

Twin Homma immediately checked the contents.

Attached to the article was a GIF file of a scene where a member used his elbow and the back of his arm to hit a large human being attached to the tester and pointing the camera at him.

And that member was… Ryu Cheong-woo!

“…??”

Isn’t this guy like this too?

Since he was a former athlete I thought he would be the type that knew how to avoid getting into trouble but just looking at the scene he looked threatening almost as if he was hitting someone.

The best comments were also filled with similar content.

-Wow Ryu Cheong-woo did you have that kind of personality?

-Honestly those bastards are tough even if they get beaten haha. But Ryu Cheong-woo is a little more sobering.

-What on earth did Cheongwoo do wrong? Is this something that will make a thousand people laugh? It’s really scary

-He’s cool isn’t he? After all people need to exercise

There was a flurry of objections and recommendations and all kinds of words were exchanged.

“Is that strange?”

Twin Homma couldn’t let go of his reluctance even though he thought ‘well that’s right’ when he realized that they weren’t the two he had chosen.

Ryu Cheong-woo is not an idiot and there is a reason why he would act like that with a security guard and a manager when there are cameras.

‘I guess it’s the magic of the angle.’

And sure enough it wasn’t long before other cameras and testimonies began pouring in that captured the situation.

-That bastard came through security and was almost at the level of throwing cameras at the kids. If Ryu Cheong-woo hadn’t done that it would have been dangerous.

-If you look at it it’s not like he hit you. If you look at the cam from a different angle you’ll see that the kid stuck got his foot tangled and fell. Stop making up stories (capture)

-I don’t even know why they’re saying this in such an obvious defense in the first place. Seeing them dragging it all the way back to Cheongwoo’s National University days and belittling me makes me feel so upset that I’m going crazy.

Twin Homma could understand why Liu Chengwu’s personal fans who were usually not very aggressive came out and expressed their anger.

Because I was slapped in the face out of nowhere.

And secretly I began to have doubts about the situation.

‘Who did the work?’

It was correct.

There was a group message room where data sellers hired for a hefty daily wage raced and tried hard to recreate the controversy.

And the ones who paid the data seller a daily wage… were the ones who breached the security of Testa’s dormitory apartment.

It was eye-opening that Testa was moving to a place with high security.

Of course the story couldn’t have come up in Testa’s company as well.

* * *

“Are you out of your mind? “Are you out of your mind?”

“sorry.”

The one who is broken now is not the Testa member… of course but the first manager.

“What if you escape alone? “Why are you getting paid you idiot?”

I’m hearing all kinds of verbal abuse because I got bitten by a cub that was running at me as if I was going to hit him with a camera.

‘It may be a bit sarcastic to leave him alone… but it’s not like that.’

The manager is not a martial arts master and is just an office worker so there is no need for him to sacrifice himself.

So this is a performance.

“sorry. We will pay more attention to security in the future!”

By directing all the criticism towards the first manager they were prepared in case their artist became annoyed by the lack of security.

‘I see some time.’

In fact it wasn’t that there was a lack of security personnel it was just a special situation but they were good at trying to appease them.

There are a few members who don’t know what to do in this situation right now.

“It’s okay.”

“I think it’s a good situation without having to reprimand the manager…”

“Phew thank you!”

The Chief Manager spoke with a look of great relief.

“You don’t have to worry too much Cheongwu! “Everything was explained and there were a lot of reactions that said it was cool to begin with.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly.

That guy must have been a bit of a blow this time because he was a former national team member and had a very gentle image.

It’s easy for even those who originally looked down on me to pretend to be shocked for no reason.

“Don’t worry!”

“Well I understand.”

However I think it would have been better for the manager not to backtrack.

“But it’s okay if you don’t do this from now on! The company has to take care of things like this but when artists step forward things often end up like this…”

Between the words that sounded like self-reproach there was a strange nuance of ‘Why did you do that for no reason?’

‘Why are you doing this so needlessly?’

The moment I was wondering whether I should intervene and reply Liu Chengwu answered first.

In an unusually sharp tone.

“…So you’re saying we should have just let someone get hit?”

“…!”

“No that’s not it… What I mean is that avoiding it was enough! Because there are many eyes watching…”

“…”

Liu Chengyu did not answer for quite a long time but then answered with just one word.

“All right.”

It was a tired voice.

And throughout the schedule that day Ryu Cheong-woo did not say anything other than official appearances.

‘Damn it.’

Anyone could see that it was a clear sign of burnout.
