---
title: "Chapter 209"
category: "book"
index: 208
section: "Chapter 209"
slug: "209"
---

# Chapter 209

There was no separate freezer in the car.

Not the temperature but the atmosphere.

‘That’s it.’

This is because although Liu Chengyu was not particularly angry or unfair to anyone he was never in his usual state.

Let’s see what happened in the music broadcast waiting room a few hours ago.

-Brother I’m eating snacks again! Eat a lot!

-okay.

It was over.

Liu Chengwu sat on the sofa without making any gestures and only moved the stress ball in his hand.

Since then no one has touched Liu Chengwu and he has been living quietly.

There’s filming starting tomorrow morning but since it’s the first day in a while that I can go back to the hotel before dinner the guys who are obviously in a good mood are keeping their mouths shut.

me? I’m not really the type of person who makes noise. I’m just reading public opinion on my smartphone.

‘It’s almost all sorted out.’

[Ryu Cheong-woo different angle fancam]

[I didn’t hit Ryu Cheng-wu XXX]

After all the explanations had been spread the atmosphere calmed down with comments such as ‘If that’s the case.’

Still inevitably those who claim to be ‘awakened’ will pop up… but this can’t be helped.

The reason Ryu Cheong-woo was in that state in the first place was not necessarily because there was controversy on the Internet.

For your information this atmosphere was the same even when I entered the accommodation.

“Go in first.”

“yes!”

As soon as he finished eating Liu Chengwu went into the room. It seemed like he was planning to go to sleep right away.

widely.

As soon as the door closed and Liu Qingyu disappeared people began to sigh in worry or smile bitterly here and there.

Bae Se-jin muttered solemnly.

“…Honestly he deserved to be angry.”

“that’s right!”

“Cheo Cheong-woo are you very offended? You did a good job to prevent the members from getting hurt…”

Sun Ah-hyun shouted worriedly.

Even so everyone lowered their voices as much as possible because Ryu Cheong-woo went to bed.

“Well the company can just avoid it on its own so why bother pushing it? “I guess you felt a lot of pressure when you spoke.”

Big Sejin sarcastically pretended to feel sorry. You knew it.

I said as I took my bowl to the sink.

“Cheongwoo has been very good to the company so far.”

If he had behaved like shit he would have just quietly repeated ‘I’m sorry’ but since a person with a good personality and responsibility accepted it well he crossed the line.

“Why don’t we just take this opportunity to let Chungwoo get some rest? “If there is anything you need or need more let the company know right away.”

Most people nod their heads in sympathy.

“That is reasonable.”

“…okay!”

Bae Se-jin seems very conscious that if Ryu Cheong-woo leaves he will be the oldest. I would like to say that it is a needless waste of stamina.

“Wouldn’t you be okay after taking a rest…?”

“you’re right. The original method is to restore energy by resting. “I will have to assist Chungwoo a lot during this period of activity.”

“okay.”

“Come on let’s go in quickly~”

The short discussion concluded with ‘Let’s not put a burden on Ryu Cheng-wu in the future.’

Although it was common sense and considerate teamwork it did not actually eliminate the root cause.

‘There is a limit to going like this.’

I don’t have any expectations that any of the managers will be able to do what Ryu Cheong-woo has done so far.

The Chief Manager is embarrassed as to why he is talking to him about what he does so he hands it over to the first manager and he is… it’s obvious.

I’m sure at some point I’ll see an angle to pass it on to Ryu Cheong-woo again but if I make a mistake at that time a real landmine will explode.

‘I’m glad it ends with Ryu Cheong-wu getting angry and punching him.’

So we have to do something before that. Either change the manager or make him come to his senses.

‘We’ll also have to check how well Ryu Cheong-woo’s mentality recovers.’

It would be difficult if a major accident occurred while working. Because 400000 people are still alive and well.

So first of all… let’s take a close look at Ryu Cheong-wu’s condition tomorrow. Even if it looks okay don’t let down your guard.

I came to that conclusion and went to sleep but the next day I knew right away that there was no need to come to that conclusion.

“I’m going to stop by the shop before filming today’s entertainment show. Do you have anything else to deliver?”

“no.”

This is because Liu Chengwu’s condition was the same as yesterday.

I even passed by the first manager’s face as if I was looking at something.

‘I’m scared!’

‘Quiet.’

Even if this guy lowers his voice the volume is like this?

I got into the car removing Cha Yu-jin who was shouting into someone else’s ear. And I deliberately sat close to Liu Chengwu.

‘Let’s take a look at the liver.’

Ryu Cheng-wu did not appear particularly uncooperative or give a crappy answer. It only seems like a contrast because he was always so sad.

‘…Actually I don’t think it’s any different from me normally.’

Thinking about it like that makes me a little nervous.

Anyway I saw an opportunity and naturally spoke to Liu Chengwu as I was getting off.

“I’m going to buy you a drink but what would you like to have?”

“are you okay.”

It doesn’t look good at all but I get it.

“COKE! COKE!”

I only received support from Cha Yu-jin who strongly advocates carbonated drinks.

And the team members’ ‘It was a courageous challenge!’ I did get some attention but… well this wasn’t even a challenge in the first place. It’s just a build-up.

And the next day.

“Brother Cheongwoo.”

Without saying a word I handed the guy some fresh fruit juice.

“are you okay.”

“You think it supplies glucose. “We couldn’t sleep for even three hours.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu seemed to have no energy to argue so he just picked up his drink and drank it.

And I opened my eyes wide.

“…! “It’s too sweet.”

It will be so. I asked for as much sugar and syrup as I could.

I actively tried the Sugar High method that I used during “Azusa” on Cha Yu-jin. It’s simple and stimulating so the hurdles are low.

“So it was delicious.”

“…hmm.”

Liu Chengwu eventually finished his drink.

Maybe it’s too bothersome to say anything more and I don’t have the will to exercise self-control to control my diet.

However seeing as the color returned to my face as I drank faster it seemed like my aim was successful.

I asked one more question.

“How are you feeling? “I think I’m particularly tired this time.”

“okay. “I feel like I’m less able to recover from fatigue.”

“Of course.”

Was it because of burnout and helplessness?

For the first time in days Liu Chengwu speaks softly. Perhaps it was the power of sugar but my energy seemed to instantly increase.

“But it sure seems like high-fructose corn syrup is effective! “I feel energized!”

“Um sure.”

Even though Kim Rae-bin couldn’t hold back and intervened with a relieved face the response was as gentle as usual.

It works better than expected?

I touched my chin.

‘…You seem like the type of person who needs to relieve mental stress through physical actions.’

It’s not just about resting it’s about getting good stimulation in your body and when you feel refreshed your head becomes clearer.

“hmm.”

It’s annoying but there’s nothing you can do about it.

‘I also owe Liu Chengwu a debt.’

I picked up my smartphone and searched for a place.

* * *

The next afternoon we filmed a weekend entertainment show where people automatically dive into the pool if they misspell the lyrics of a memorable hit song.

This means that he obtained it without any hesitation.

“Wow!”

“I won’t leave you alone!”

“What are you doing here calling our tester? MC Tongtong!”

In the end everyone was soaked with water so we only got into the car after being showered with towels and a hair dryer.

There was no feeling of exhaustion.

‘I want to go back like this and take a half-body bath… ’

But there was also a schedule right after that.

However it is relatively free as it is not a fixed schedule but rather an arbitrary period of time.

It’s W Live.

Fortunately it’s a schedule that I cram in during my free time so I can easily adjust the volume and content if I’m too tired.

However this time instead of holding the event comfortably at the hotel we agreed with the members to take pictures individually.

Except Liu Chengwu of course.

“In an hour right?”

“Yes I will move~”

Testa moved to a pre-arranged location and took a short nap.

Ryu Cheong-woo who would normally have checked where he was going also fell asleep in silence.

So he becomes even more embarrassed when he arrives at the filming site a while later.

“This is…”

The members surrounded the surprised Liu Chengwu grinning and opening their arms to introduce the place.

“Today’s W Live location is the shooting range~”

“Ta-da-ta-ta-ta!”

“…!!”

A large-scale air gun shooting range in the center of Seoul.

This is the place I searched for the day before.

“Hyung you seemed to enjoy shooting but we don’t have time for serious hobbies these days~ I hope you enjoy it like this!”

“Enjoy! Let’s play!”

“…”

Liu Chengwu looked like he had been hit.

But soon a faint expression of emotion appeared on his face.

“…Thank you guys. “It will be fun.”

“Hehe.”

You seem a little overwhelmed.

I guess it worked as expected.

The consideration that had been sinking under the water for several days finally began to come out of Liu Chengwu’s mouth.

“You must be very tired right now are you okay? “It would be difficult to do anything this active again at night…”

Bae Se-jin avoided gaze.

“…I agreed because I saw it while filming the music video and it looked fun. Don’t get me wrong it’s something everyone wanted to try.”

“That’s right. I think it’ll be fun…!”

“Haha yeah. okay.”

“Hmm hmm.”

For a guy who was the first to excitedly agree saying it was a good idea he speaks quite rationally.

“Then let’s pair up and beat Ryu Cheong-wu! Let’s go to W Live on this topic!”

“It’s not okay to watch! No mercy!! “I win!”

Liu Chengwu smiled for the first time in a while.

“Are you okay? “A team of 3 people can do it.”

“Wow you ignore us so much.”

For your information it is revealed in just one hour that it was not ignorance but a cool-headed look at reality.

“Ugh!”

First of all let me just say that the team of Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin sank after a double score with Ryu Cheong-woo.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Guys why are you taking on such a reckless challenge?

-Let’s pretend we didn’t see it.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha cute

The real-time comments I checked while watching other teams looked like this.

And Liu Chengwu flew around more and more as time passed.

“omg.”

“…That’s it.”

The sight of a former gold medalist in archery running wild among ordinary people will likely remain a source of laughter for fans for a long time…

“You should also consider that Chungwoo has a bit of an advantage because he used a gun once in a music video!”

“…That is a musket and this is a rifle so they are different types.”

“omg.”

“The staff said that the musket was improved to create a firearm called a rifle…!”

“also! “This is by no means a defeat for Bae Se-jin and me but a result of our excellent efforts…”

“Oh another double score!”

“oh my god.”

Regardless of whether this joke-like sound continued or not I silently shot the gun.

Tatang!

I think he did well even if he wasn’t Ryu Cheong-woo. As proof of that Sun Ah-hyeon and I followed Ryu Cheong-woo’s score the most.

-Oh this place is kind of cool? Haha.

-It’s a bit harsh.

-When is the Testa army coming? Please go quickly hahahaha

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠLook at the atmosphere.

Given the location there was a bit of military aggro but W Live ended quite successfully capturing laughter and thrills at the same time.

“See you again~”

“I will come often!”

And after the usual closing remarks everyone including those involved returned to their exhausted state.

“under.”

“I have no regrets…”

“It’s fun! “I’ll do it one more time!”

Oh except for Cha Yu-jin.

Anyway the idols were given some free time while the staff was cleaning up the scene.

It was then that Liu Chengwu made his move.

“Drink some of this.”

“thank you.”

The guy who was feeling a bit better because he enjoyed shooting and won the competition bought drinks for the number of people at a nearby convenience store.

Then he stood next to me as I was taking the can and started making insinuating remarks.

“Ahyeon said that you asked her to come here.”

There was someone else who dared to say that.

Before I could answer anything Liu Chengyu finished speaking succinctly.

“thank you… much better.”

“…”

I took the drink he offered me. The sound of carbonic acid rising was refreshing.

“Are you feeling a little cooler inside?”

“okay.”

That’s it then.

I sipped my zero-calorie drink in silence. Liu Chengwu opened his plastic bottle and spoke calmly.

“Actually it wasn’t a big deal… but I was strangely exhausted.”

“…”

“I guess it’s because it reminds me of the time I quit archery.”

A story like this even comes out?

It seems that the level of activity was greater than I expected.
