---
title: "Chapter 210"
category: "book"
index: 209
section: "Chapter 210"
slug: "210"
---

# Chapter 210

Liu Chengwu continued speaking in a not particularly serious tone.

“When I first found out about the aftereffects I thought it would be manageable. “Everyone even said that it would be okay if I rehabilitated it.”

“…”

“The doctor said it showed promise so I continued to do it but it didn’t really help.”

Liu Chengwu clenched and opened one of his hands into a fist as was his habit.

“Possibility is just a possibility… It has become a situation that cannot be escaped or recovered…”

“…”

“Anyway that’s why I got angry at the company for no reason. “I want to do that because I know what will happen if someone gets hurt but I also feel like I’m doing something useless.”

Was that the cause of the feeling of helplessness?

As it overlapped with the fruitless rehabilitation period I must have thought ‘What am I doing now?’

‘…I guess it was worth it.’

Since he was so overworked he must have felt even more lethargic.

I was a little conflicted and only answered after finishing my drink.

“You’ve never done anything useless.”

“okay?”

“yes. Everyone helped me a lot… Me too.”

“…! okay? Haha I don’t think I did anything special for you.”

No you have an amazing personality just because you didn’t get angry when I behaved like X.

If the situation had gotten worse at that time… he could have suddenly died from the abnormal condition by now.

“Oh really then? Um no. You’re good enough. I said it back then too. “I said the same thing to me when it was confirmed that I couldn’t recover.”

Liu Chengwu chuckled.

“It really wasn’t a joke. “I got angry at the doctor… and on the day of the tryout I was really embarrassed to even think about it.”

I’m not really curious but it’s the right time for anyone to ask so let’s say it.

“What did you do?”

“I broke my bow.”

“…!!”

Wow this guy… his temperament is not normal.

It wouldn’t normally be something that would cause an archery bow to break but it must have been really bad.

Of course it would be foolish to answer as you feel.

“Well it happened because I didn’t hit anyone.”

“Is that so? haha! “Yeah well I just broke one of my practice pieces.”

Liu Chengwu smiled with a much cooler face.

I don’t know if it’s okay to be cool with something like this… but let’s leave it alone.

Still he seems to have come to his senses and adds a social remark.

“Oh I’m sorry. “It might have been an uncomfortable story for you to hear…”

It seems like he’s trying to remind me of the time when he was mean to Ryu Cheong-woo.

“it’s okay. I don’t really care anymore. “I was truly sorry.”

“I said it’s okay.”

Did I tell you to turn your worries into bigger worries?

After looking at the status window I can only confirm the ‘truth’ that has already passed.

However Liu Chengwu fiddled with his plastic bottle and suddenly said something as if it came out without his knowledge.

“Um it’s a door.”

“yes.”

“Actually there is something that has bothered me for a while…”

“…? yes.”

Liu Chengwu frowned.

“Do you remember well?”

“…!!”

“I think it would be a good idea to meet an expert in that regard.”

A story that I could not have imagined came out.

To be honest I almost forgot that I was using the setting of ‘I can’t remember the past but it’s slowly coming back to me.’

There have to be so many incidents.

‘…Looking at it like this there’s no such thing as setting up some kind of epic drama.’

In any case it means that I didn’t expect that the excuse I had casually made before would suddenly hit me.

And Liu Chengwu let out sounds that sent chills down the spine.

“I don’t think you’ve ever gone to see your parents looked at their photos or… talked about it.”

“…”

“We’ve already been living in the dorm for over a year and a half so it’s worth hearing about it even if it’s just inadvertently.”

“…hmm.”

I quickly thought about it.

“I have very few memories related to my family. “It’s not something I particularly want to find in a hurry.”

“I see.”

“yes. “I’m just satisfied with where I am now.”

“Um okay.”

Liu Chengyu crumpled the plastic bottle and neatly organized it then took a long breath and exhaled.

“that’s right. “I like it now too.”

I asked drawing a picture of Liu Chengwu refuting with his own words.

“I heard you’re tired?”

“I don’t think it’s possible to not get tired no matter what. “It’s important to manage it well.”

okay. That’s right.

“Honestly I was skeptical when ‘Azusa’ came out but I’m thankful that it turned out better than I expected.”

“Yes of course.”

Regardless of the stress Testa’s move was a surprising success.

Of course I knew “Azusa” would do well.

“I’m trying not to get used to it.”

“…”

Wow. Your mindset is healthy.

I chuckled.

“But for these few days you only do what idols are supposed to do. “There is no need for the company to do the work.”

“Haha well… since I was already the leader I tried to work hard.”

At that moment Cha Yu-jin who had finally achieved her highest score was heard shouting from the other side.

“WOOOOOW!!”

“Quiet idiot! “It’s already almost midnight but noise pollution…”

“It’s not noise! “It’s just us here!”

“A resident near the building…”

“doesn’t exist!”

“there is!”

I muttered with sincerity in my eyes.

“…Honestly I think you’re doing enough as a leader just to handle those guys.”

“Hmm.”

I can’t deny it.

“I think that’s just fine. “If this continues you will forget why the manager gets paid.”

Ryu Cheong-woo burst out laughing as he added a word like a celebrity who abuses power.

“haha! “Okay okay.”

And then he slightly thrust his fisted hand to the side.

“Let’s do well in the future.”

“yes.”

I lightly bumped my fist with the back of my hand.

It’s a bit cringy but it has a mulberry flavor.

“We have finished organizing~”

“yes! “I’ll take the Testa car!”

That day Liu Chengwu returned home to his usual self.

“Eujin go in and sleep. “It’s a pub tomorrow.”

“yes!”

Even Cha Yu-jin was moved and listened well.

The members all congratulated themselves by raising their thumbs with faces that said ‘The shooting range is a really great idea.’

“As expected it’s Mundae. “It’s a Tibetan fox and those eyes that see through everyone’s psychology are just…”

“tight.”

And it means that everyone slept well even if it was only for a short period of time.

The best came the next day.

This is because the first manager who sensed that Liu Chengwu’s mood had relaxed immediately stepped forward.

“Cheongwoo do you guys have anything else to deliver?”

Liu Chengyu smiled faintly and responded.

“well?”

“…!?”

“I don’t know either. “I think you can ask the members directly.”

It was over.

Ryu Cheong-wu stretched and got into the car and the manager hesitantly got in with a look on his face that had just hit him.

Since it was only a few days ago that I broke up with the Chief Manager I can’t begrudge Ryu Cheong-woo for no reason.

‘Is this enough?’

This will buy us some time until we find someone who is good at the job.

And on the Internet which I opened for the first time in a while the topic of Ryu Cheong-wu’s bullshit about hitting someone was completely ignored and the topic was changed to the scene of him shooting instead.

-As expected the male idol raised by Taereung

-Is this okay?

-Aren’t the archery masters not human after all?

-Wow you shoot like this too so you must have shed bloody tears when you quit archery;

-I can only thank you for choosing my new career path as an idol.

“Oh~ Chungwoo everyone is talking about how cool his shooting is!”

Keun Se-jin who pulled his head out to take a peek at the screen deliberately praised Ryu Cheng-wu. Liu Chengwu smiled with an embarrassed expression.

“I was just doing it for fun.”

“no! “While watching the shooting yesterday I naturally expected Chungwoo’s status to increase but it is as expected.”

“It was really cool…!”

Those who are relieved that Liu Chengwu’s mood has eased pour out praise like a waterfall.

And Keun Se-jin seems to have paid attention to some of the comments among the reactions. A question came up.

“Now that I think about it brother how did you decide to become an idol as a career?”

“Oh me?”

Liu Chengwu smiled vaguely.

“Well actually my parents recommended it.”

“wow!”

“Your parents?”

“Well they keep saying that I’ve been good at dancing and singing since I was young… so I just started it as a hobby.”

It seems that the new career path was encouraged to get a guy who was depressed after quitting archery to get out of the house.

“What about you? “I’m especially curious about how Eugene became an idol.”

“Someone I don’t know is talking to me!”

“The beat submitted to the contest was selected and sent to Seoul where a contract was signed…”

The topic in the car suddenly turned to ‘Why did you become an idol?’

And eventually the question came back to me.

“Then what about the door?”

me?

I don’t mind answering this honestly… but it’s a bit embarrassing.

“…I was cast by the writer of ‘Azusa’ at a karaoke bar.”

“really??”

“Wow I thought that was a story but it was real!”

The car became noisy for a moment. The theme seems to be ‘How talented is Park Moon-dae?’

“So you’re not even an aspiring student you just started out as someone with half a birthday and ended up like that?”

“I think your talent is amazing…! “Of course I worked hard at the university!”

“…It’s amazing.”

“Well thank you.”

If I brought up the status window I would probably get hit for not knowing.

Anyway when I think back to the moment I first entered this body I feel a new emotion.

In fact if it weren’t for the stat increase or characteristic draw provided by the status window I wouldn’t have been able to grow to suit my occupation as much as I did based on that.

‘It would have been quite a rewarding few years if I hadn’t been knocked out when I couldn’t get rid of the status ailment.’

…No I will correct it.

Even including the status ailments it was quite rewarding.

The past few years in which I returned to the past in someone else’s body are so dense that it’s almost embarrassing.

‘I guess it’s because I’m struggling to survive because it’s a terminal sentence.’

Well it’s quite persuasive.

“…Then you didn’t necessarily mean to do this. are you okay?”

“yes?”

“Activity… are you okay?”

Bae Se-jin asked with a serious face.

I answered without hesitation.

“yes. “It’s fun.”

“That’s right~”

“You have no regrets later right?”

I grinned.

“doesn’t exist.”

“Oh~”

The members responded loudly and clapped.

Kim Rae-bin even secretly played the sound source.

“I don’t know what I was thinking but one day I suddenly got inspiration and made an EDM version of Magical Boy…”

“let’s go!”

And the car was filled with passionate idol-wearing guys nodding their heads.

‘It’s a sight to behold.’

Out of loyalty I decided not to post the scene on the group’s social media.

* * *

Afterwards activities in Korea seemed to proceed smoothly without any other noise.

“Testa standby!”

Pre-recording for the second week of music broadcasting was also carried out smoothly and the variety shows filmed the week before and in the first week of the comeback were broadcast one by one.

And of course the schedule was not entirely filled with music broadcasts and entertainment shows.

“Look here~ Lift your chin a little more!”

I participated in a few events but since I was promoted to the first team the distance to travel was long so I focused on events with better costs rather than inefficient events.

It’s an advertisement.

“Please touch my collar!”

Although I have been filming commercials consistently since my debut these days the scale has completely changed.

Among the pouring in requests for advertisements the agency did a good job of selecting the most valuable ones and thought they were able to capture those that did not require too much image and had a high unit price.

‘There’s no such thing as that damn artificial intelligence Curious.’

But I didn’t know that he would also be reaping the company’s profits.

This is a benefit not for the parent company T1 but for the agency T1 Stars.

Let’s take a look at the commercial being filmed today.

“Wow hello senior!”

I met ‘Mirinae’ a junior idol from the same agency at a smartphone commercial filming site.

‘oh.’

It was a bundle sale that showed the agency’s ambition for the value of its name.

And there was plenty of room to take advantage of it.
