---
title: "Chapter 211"
category: "book"
index: 210
section: "Chapter 211"
slug: "211"
---

# Chapter 211

The smartphone advertisement was not a joint model with a junior idol at all. If that were the case I would have known it a long time ago.

However there were only a few scenes where we filmed together.

“Now… come in here with me and show me what you have in your hand!”

“yes.”

“Oh please be sure to lift the tab with one hand~ Lightly!”

“yes!”

A junior idol was advertising a tablet from the same brand line and it looked like they would include a few cuts of both groups appearing at the same time to gain additional effect in the advertisement.

And because this side was ahead in terms of time and popularity on the day of the testa shooting Mirina had to wait one more time before coming in.

‘But again I crossed the line by not telling you until the day.’

It is unclear whether the first manager forgot because he was so shocked by being cut off by Ryu Cheng-wu or whether the company deliberately crushed him.

Of course the latter is my concern.

‘I wonder how many times I’ve bounced off the head’s opinion these days so I get the hang of it.’

There is a possibility that affiliated artists may request changes because they do not want to be associated with each other.

And I would have done so if I had really known in advance.

‘Because I talk a lot for no reason.’

It has already been scratched by the ‘Magical Boy’ related topic.

In the extreme there was a possibility that it could end up like this.

-Oh what’s going on with the tie-in sales again?

-Just looking at it it was Seombyeol’s sole role but they made a deal by having a junior come in. Haha I was so greedy.

-It would have been better if Mirinae which can appeal to people of all ages was pushed to the main page. My business acumen is very disappointing.

-Those fans really don’t understand the topic. They have to win the music album or something for it to work hahahaha.

-Ugh we don’t like it either. Don’t point all of our hats at old men✋

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ They usually see eye to eye but they’re already betting on an album because at least one couple has started dating hahaha

From comparisons to dating speculations.

It was a very needless and annoying thing.

Fortunately the company must have been aware of this and when I got there there were almost no cuts that looked suspicious.

Rather it was a kind of arrangement that emphasized ‘Cosmic’ a premium electronic equipment line with artists from the agency T1 Stars.

“My identity shines like a star.”

“Star’s Choice Cosmic!”

But this is also somewhat sarcastic.

‘How can they say that they have such a great commonality and vision when they didn’t raise it themselves?’

It seems that the company has come to the conclusion internally that it needs to have a name value beyond simply being an agency affiliated with Azusa as it now wants to develop other rookies as well.

Existing groups may be grumbling that they are overwhelmed by newcomers because they came in as a surprise from an audition program that was already a hit.

‘They may be aiming for a separate listing.’

Either way it’s probably an idea that came from the head of the current headquarters.

And when I thought about it up to this point I realized that I could use this.

‘Let’s start by collecting cases.’

The opportunity came near the end of my filming.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

After today’s individual cut a short joint shoot with Mirinae was being completed.

I also finished filming and went near the guy who was looking at the monitor.

The 90 degree greeting immediately returned.

“Oh senior! “Thank you so much for today’s shoot!”

“We were truly grateful.”

It was the junior who took second place in Azusa last season.

“Was the filming okay?”

“yes! Ah sir you were really great! Indeed the idol who was elected first with the support of the public…”

“Let’s stop.”

“yes.”

The junior’s face became solemn as if he himself thought this wasn’t right.

“How is the fortress?”

“yes?”

“The company.”

“hmm…”

But right now I’m just like ‘Thank you so much!’ It seemed like he was aware of the nuance as he didn’t make comments that were filled with the same social life.

The junior lowered his voice and spoke with a slightly solemn expression.

“It’s still the same…!”

“…”

It has multiple meanings.

“Has there been any confirmation that the next album will also feature self-produced songs?”

“…Well you’re asking me to go with the double title.”

“hmm.”

Since Testa has been doing this since his debut he seems to be promoting it as a box office formula.

“They asked me to do one in English.”

“…!”

The junior continued speaking with the face of a liberated office worker.

“Still… I think at least one of them will be included as our song so we’re all saying we’ll be satisfied with this…”

“…”

Wow. I expected this but it seems like this side also has its share of hardships.

“How about care?”

“Care? Well that’s good! “Please do a good job with the shop and coordination…”

The words went astray. I brought the topic back up.

“One of the managers who was originally with us also went there.”

“…! Right…! Oh my I’m really thankful and sorry…”

“no. There is absolutely no need to do that. “I’m asking because I’m curious about that kind of care.”

I brought the junior colleague back to reality with ‘Is this workplace bullying…!’ written on his face.

“Does the management office brief you on the schedule and check the members’ health? Things like that.”

“Oh well.”

The junior had a worried look on his face. I don’t know if he was reminiscing or just choosing his words but his next words sounded quite sincere.

“I don’t know. It looks so busy and overwhelming… I think it’s because we have so many members. “It looks like you’re having a hard time so I feel sorry for no reason.”

also.

I guess this one isn’t working properly either.

‘Was there 9 people?’

Since it is 1.5 times the size of Testa it would definitely need an additional manager but when I looked at it it was still running with 2 people.

‘It seems like the producing team is going back and forth saying they listened to what the head of the department said and what they said.’

Since the head of the division is trying to hold on tighter it seems like the management director’s comments are less likely to be heard.

Hmm… I wonder what will happen at this level.

“okay. Thank you for your hard work. Let’s do our best.”

“Oh no! We are working hard and having fun. Thank you for your concern!”

“yes.”

I was about to end the conversation there but as if something just occurred to me I spoke again.

“Oh that’s right.”

“…?”

“I was wondering if you would be interested in establishing a new dedicated team.”

This is actually the main point.

A solution I have been thinking about since the manager incident.

“A dedicated team…?”

The junior looked dumbfounded for a moment but quickly came to his senses and accepted the offer.

“Ah will a team dedicated to our group be created?”

“It’s not confirmed… I’m thinking of going ahead with it this time. “If necessary I will also forward the stories of my juniors.”

“…!”

“Of course I’m not saying I heard it myself… I’m thinking of telling someone close to the company that I heard it so what do you think?”

The junior swallowed his saliva and immediately answered with his eyes shining.

“We are truly grateful.”

It’s a wise choice.

Since I’ve already told him about my current situation I think he realized that if it was actually my intention to set a trap or defraud him there was no need to ask the doctor.

“Well then let’s talk about it together.”

“yes! thank you!”

At that moment I heard a voice calling my junior from behind. It seemed like filming had completely finished.

“Minha! Hey come quickly! “This chocolate is crazy super delicious!”

“Okay sis~ Ah senior then I’ll go!”

“yes. Please come in safely.”

The junior quickly ran towards the same member. The guy waving a huge box of chocolates that looks like he got it from a fan… is from first place.

Well… it’s bright.

‘…Is that type of person naturally popular?’

Or is it an audition special?

“brother!! Look at this! So Cool!”

“Oh cool.”

As I reacted to Cha Yu-jin’s photography prop – a surfboard – that appeared out of nowhere I almost lost my strange appreciation for the mysterious structure of this industry.

But there was no time for that. There was a place I needed to contact during the day while I was moving.

‘We need to start talking about the dedicated team soon.’

For your information I’ve already finished talking to the other guys.

This was the very week that Liu Chengwu’s condition recovered.

-It’s a dedicated team…

-I have doubts about whether the company will willingly cover such expenses.

-I agree! Mundae must have said this because he had a good idea.

-… I agree too.

-oh!

-Management problems keep coming up at the company.

What’s interesting is that Bae Se-jin unexpectedly agreed to the point and then actively pushed the opinion.

-It looks like this will continue here… so it’s better to do it now while you can.

-Sejin is cool?

-…! I wasn’t trying to look cool… Anyway! At least have a large majority!

-Ouch.

So this means that due to its force it was decided to proceed unanimously.

And here’s how\:

“Are you supplementing the content of your email?”

“okay. “Do you have anything to add?”

“Oh no! “We all worked so hard to write this so I hope it gets across well…!”

“I know.”

Among T1’s affiliates the story is directly included in T1 Culture which is the direct parent company of this agency.

There must have been a fight between the manager and the general manager. Now it is difficult for anyone in the company to try to control Testa on their own.

So now is the time to stop pretending not to know by saying ‘I don’t know about new artists’.

‘The time has come when it is more advantageous to look bad-tempered than to look easy-going.’

After all it is better for the group itself to become a force and attack directly within the company.

Since this self-produced activity was a hit the only thing that is disappointing is that.

The global performance was also pretty good… we’ll talk about this later.

‘I took out the contact information by telling the manager.’

He arbitrarily misunderstands that Testa is going to give him a piece of cake by getting the head of the division overthrown.

Instead I plan to poke at the chronic problems of this company.

‘There is no supply of manpower.’

They keep inserting parachutes turning around and bringing in inexperienced people but the angles are locked and they won’t turn.

The easiest way to write this is… I liked the idea that there is a serious problem with risk management.

‘Security issue schedule delivery issue… ’

Most recently it connects well the data arm attack incident that Liu Chengwu experienced the failure to communicate schedules and the incident of my stalker’s injury while on vacation.

And this claim becomes possible if the ‘schedule leak industrial spy’ incident which these people are already aware of is followed up well.

‘It’s because we don’t have enough dedicated staff!’

And because our company is a new subsidiary we cannot easily make big decisions on our own by running an independent dedicated team.

Above all I emphasize that it will be a huge controversy and loss if someone gets hurt or is unable to do activities like this…

-Mundae-ya this… wouldn’t you think we’re too self-conscious?

-It doesn’t matter if you think that way. It’s even better if you get the feeling that those guys are having a hard time and going crazy.

-Umm okay.

As long as you have entered the first team this kind of behavior is okay.

It’s not something unusual in the industry so it’s likely that some unreliable rumors will start circulating among the people involved.

Above all just be polite to the other person.

Whether or not they are dissatisfied with their agency wouldn’t it be enough if they just be polite and grovel to me the listener?

‘There was good prior contact and there was nothing wrong with the format.’

It seems like it was done neatly and neatly like a draft rather than being a foolish person asking for everything to be done.

I took my hand off the keyboard.

“That’s it.”

“Oh~”

“Now all I have to do is send it!”

“forwarding! forwarding!”

In this way the draft proposal for the ‘recommendation for the creation of a project team dedicated to artists’ was sent directly to T1 Culture.

If the parent company’s pressure comes in in the name of ‘brand value’ the head of the division will eventually be unable to oppose the decision and will give the okay.

‘Of course I don’t think anyone will be obedient.’

In fact I fully anticipate the possibility that the answer will be ‘I understand how you feel but it is impossible due to issues of cost and principle.’

‘Then we go to the next step.’

My head was spinning. Somehow it was kind of fun.

‘Anything comes.’

However the phone call that came at about 7\:30 took the situation in a very unexpected direction.

“…Are you appearing on Survival?”

-That’s right.

The person on the other end of the phone answered clearly.

-Did you know that the Idol Co. Ltd. production team has joined the studio under this company this time? This is a new program produced there.

“hmm.”

-Of course this time Testa will appear as a mentor rather than a participant.

‘It’s only been three years now?’

It was a deal I could never have imagined.
