---
title: "Chapter 212"
category: "book"
index: 211
section: "Chapter 212"
slug: "212"
---

# Chapter 212

I hung up the phone with the T1 representative and replayed the conversation.

‘Please appear as a mentor on KPOP Global Survival Reality…?’

Of course there have been more than one survival game that has claimed to be ‘global’ so far. Right now just for &lt;Azusa&gt; we are determined to select a global KPOP star.

However this format… was a bit unique.

‘It is not a Tnet broadcast but a Net Plus self-produced title.’

It seemed like the production was inspired by the small success of “Azusa” on Net Plus in the English-speaking world.

The structure of the program was quite experimental but in fact what was more important was that the offer was good.

-There was talk of forming a dedicated team as soon as the appearance was confirmed.

It’s neat.

If you are appearing on a variety show with a dedicated team isn’t the exchange fee worth considering?

‘Testa isn’t the only mentor.’

And I wasn’t the only one who thought that.

Because the reactions of all the members who received it were ‘it’s worth a try’.

“Um… it’s okay.”

“If I just appear on the show will a new team be created? “I think it will be very beneficial in the long run!”

However there were also concerns.

“…That production crew is a bit weird.”

“I don’t have the skills to teach anyone… will it be okay?”

It was an expected story and most of it was organized within a reasonable line.

“I don’t think you need to worry about that. “You’re good.”

“That’s right~ Considering the nature of the program I don’t think I’ll ever get beat up like that for being a ‘mentor’ right? “Isn’t that right?”

“that’s right.”

It seemed like the selling point of this program would be that a rookie would be the mentor. Moreover it was a format where there was no reason for the mentor to be edited by the devil.

What kind of program is this?

What I heard at the meeting with the production crew after accepting the offer to appear would be an explanation.

“We are going to gather people who hate K-pop and train them in K-pop activities. Of course it will be a one-time joke that will end as a one-time joke.”

“…??”

The members were a little embarrassed.

‘It’s still the same.’

Anyway you say it too bluntly.

Writer Ryu Seo-rin whom I had not seen in a long time had a sparkle in her eyes.

Even though this human tester has risen to this level his attitude has become even rougher.

‘Are you doing this because you don’t need to be gently coaxed like you did when casting for an appearance?’

Perhaps considering Ryu Cheong-woo who was somewhat uncomfortable with the writer Keun Se-jin quickly answered.

“Hmm this is the kind of structure where a foreigner who doesn’t know much about K-pop gets to know it and becomes attached to it right?”

“You could look at it that way.”

This means that a bigger and more extreme picture is being drawn. Of course there is no need for us to know that in detail.

The production team asked Testa for one thing.

“You must be good to me.”

And I’m not particularly worried about this.

“I will try to structure the script as best as I can to somehow make your skills seem superior.”

“…yes! Testers are always so great! I think we just have to work harder to capture that image well on screen.”

Perhaps a little taken aback by writer Seo-rin Ryu’s unfiltered words another production team member stepped in and raised his tester.

At that time Liu Chengyu who was quiet calmly asked.

“Then you won’t look arrogant on screen for no reason right?”

“…!”

“…sure.”

Writer Ryu Seo-rin answered calmly. But he seemed a little agitated.

‘aha.’

Your attitude earlier was to take the initiative.

I think Testa who had an antipathy towards this production team came out stronger because he was worried that they might be picky for no reason.

‘Should I have guessed from the beginning when I offered to appear as a deal in exchange for a dedicated team?’

There was already a rumor going around among those involved that Testa would not appear in this production team’s work.

However since he shows signs of discomfort with a direct ball there is nothing to complain about. It was clear that T1 had already put a lot of effort into it.

‘Well I guess I don’t have to worry about editing.’

The production team is not stupid and there is no way they are cheating on the parent company.

“A variety of KPOP stars including testers have already been recruited as mentors…”

“yes yes.”

Afterwards the meeting went smoothly and was concluded without any particular problems.

And a few days later the article went viral.

[Starting production of a large-scale K-pop survival entertainment show in collaboration with Netplus]

[‘Guaranteed spectacular cast’…What is the identity of Net Plus K-pop reality?]

[Netplus K-pop entertainment ‘Know KPOP Now’ huge investment… Targeting the K-pop market]

It seemed that the company name T1 was intentionally not mentioned possibly because the company wanted to develop its own image as a new production studio.

Instead as if it was intentional gossip about the cast circulated quickly and loudly on the Internet.

-ㅂㅇㅌ I heard it was confirmed to appear.

└I’m so sick of delusion why would a male idol come out on a third-rate variety show on Netflix?

└Byung

-I heard that there is a lot of talk among followers about the line-up so I’m curious.

-Produced by Mighty Studio? ㅅㅂThey said this is the Azusa production crew’s den so it’s confirmed hahaha.

└It seems like all cast members from Aju 1 Company have been captured even Young 1 Rin by Sam Byeol.

└The entire internet will be turned upside down.

-No so what kind of fronte audition is this? What kind of survival is there with that lineup?

If they had known that it was a mentor anyway so the screenplay wasn’t that big they would have cooled off quickly but for those who didn’t know that fact just the rumor of her appearance caused an uproar.

‘I’m really seeing the effects that weren’t specifically revealed.’

The first day of filming has arrived with all kinds of idols being mentioned and an embargo on specific official cast articles.

And after an 11-hour flight to LA I confirmed the rumor.

“hello.”

‘Fuck you.’

There was a real VTIC.

step. Not the rest just Cheongnyeo.

‘It wasn’t in the cast lineup I heard about in advance.’

I heard later that he personally gave the OK sign at the last minute and joined us on a private plane.

I don’t know but one of the mentors who ran the fastest would have been fired.

“I didn’t know that you would participate in the audition program not alone but as one of the mentors.”

That also applies to this style of entertainment.

And Cheongryeo gave an unexpected answer.

“Oh I’m coming out with a solo album soon. So global promotion?”

“…”

“As my junior said I tried to redirect my activities outside of the group. haha.”

“Oh yeah.”

‘How did you persuade the company?’

The agency that didn’t give a shit even when fans regularly sent trucks asking for solo activities gave them a solo album? Did you at least threaten to withdraw?

…for a moment.

‘Could it be because of that guy’s influence that I haven’t released a solo until now?’

It could be that he was artificially blocking the group’s activities in order to keep the other members involved.

‘Well it has nothing to do with me.’

Whether this guy shows up here or not doesn’t really matter other than being a little off-putting.

“…Park Moon-dae! “Let’s sit down!”

“Oh yes.”

At Bae Se-jin’s loud call I returned to my reserved seat in the booth and sat down.

Bae Se-jin immediately covered the microphone and hurriedly bowed.

‘Why does that crazy guy keep talking to you?’

‘I see. Do you want to get your head smashed again?’

‘…’

It’s convenient to have support like this from people who know the full story of the injury incident while on vacation.

‘Should we just keep going like this?’

And to be more honest I don’t care if this program fails.

If this line-up fails and it fails it will be the production team’s fault and not Testa’s fault.

In addition the company passed a plan to form a dedicated team just yesterday. Now we just need to attract some good people in time for the end of our activities.

‘That’s enough.’

Since I ate everything in this deal it’s okay if Testa doesn’t curse in this program.

The flight time is a bit of a waste but since I’m here anyway I can fit in some of the American schedule so my schedule is well-balanced.

‘Well looking at the script all the cast members will eat the aggro.’

I think the production crew of “Azusa” really climbed out of the fires of hell.

“Going into standby!”

“Yes~”

The participants were shown on the monitor screen observed by the mentors.

The appearance and words and actions are according to the script.

-I’m ready to become famous!

-I can’t help but say that it’s not cool behavior but of course I lie at least to get hearts on social media. Doesn’t everyone do that?

-I want people to know me be crazy about me and be crazy about my actions. You have to do something for that.

The friendly Korean subtitles below the English emphasized the identity of these people.

To put it bluntly it is a custom.

It was perfect to receive the comment ‘I think I would sell my soul to become a celebrity in order to become famous.’

And this program is said to have recruited participants with the story of ‘celebrities teach us how to become famous.’

And here there is one more thing that the production team secretly left out without explicitly mentioning it.

It’s just music taste.

-K-pop? no! I… don’t listen to that kind of thing! absoluteness! (laughter)

-You know at school right? I saw a lot of kids listening to that.

As writer Ryu Seo-rin said these guys hated KPOP.

No ‘I hated it’ is a very flat expression… I think ‘ignore’ would be a more appropriate expression.

That’s exactly what Cha Yu-jin felt when she snorted while watching an American talk show we appeared on thanks to our game collaboration.

“Wow that’s too much!”

Actually I find it a bit funny that he looks at the monitor without hesitation and says something like that.

Anyway that is how the story of this program was established.

Participants appear on a reality show with the expectation of becoming famous by being aired around the world on Net Plus and then get a taste of K-pop self-discipline training…

‘I guess that’s why there was such a fuss about having to do well at all costs.’

I guess they wanted to pick a scene where they open their mouths in surprise and declare ‘I will never ignore K-pop again.’

‘I’m sure it’s Gukbbong.’

Moreover it will definitely attract aggro to overseas K-pop fans as well. The problem is how to digest it with universal likability without making it cringy.

“That’s fun.”

“You might not like it!”

The guys who looked at the monitor and said one thing at a time seemed relaxed. Because I knew that scene like that would happen anyway.

‘Honestly there is a high probability that the participants are already aware of this fact and that it is Go-Stop’s plan.’

Well it’s none of my business.

We just had to do our part properly.

Mentors appear for each team on a stage where participants are excited to see who will appear as a ‘celebrity’.

With a ‘KPOP-like effect’ that is considered very flashy overseas.

Puff puff! Pipipiyung!

[Please welcome us with applause! We are a team of 7 K-pop stars who will teach you how to become famous!]

The artificial intelligence MC supported by Ohsung was heard shouting in English.

Then a cloth fell from the top of the set and the truth appeared on the electronic display.

-Welcome to

☆K-POP Training Camp☆

Naturally the response was not good.

[oh.]

[oh my god!!]

However the filming immediately moved on to the next cut taking the spectators who were embarrassed nervous deliberately exaggerated or forced to smile.

‘I don’t have time.’

How much time can 7 teams of popular idols devote to this program?

So while many of the mentors left work and some went back to change their costumes and get ready the participants were informed about the new content.

This is the so-called ‘intro stage’.

[At this stage you can walk away as the winner of this reality show. Even before entering the camp!]

To summarize ‘They can’t admit that they are mentors right? If you win I’ll give you the prize money right away.’

And I was in charge here for the first time.

[Our mentors please appear!]

With a setting that is childish but seems to work well.

[With an audience of 100 randomly selected LA residents you will take turns singing the same song as your mentor!]

[Of course this song is not K-pop… it’s a pop song that you selected in advance! You chose it for your personal skills right?]

[And the mentor will check the song now!]

It’s all about taking off the rank insignia and sticking it on.
