---
title: "Chapter 213"
category: "book"
index: 212
section: "Chapter 213"
slug: "213"
---

# Chapter 213

The stage built on the set was modeled after the style of an open-air theater with circular stairs that would be found in an American park.

In short this small space is open 360 degrees meaning that the audience is right in front of them in all directions.

‘It must be a refreshing experience.’

While residents who were invited as spectators came one by one and went through inspection I sat in the waiting room with my camera and received an envelope.

The flashy glitter was an American sensibility.

Along with the artificial intelligence MC’s English explanation an interpretation came out of the in-ears.

[What is inside this envelope is the signature song chosen by the participants!]

[Our KPOP mentor will learn all three songs in one hour.]

[Let’s see what happens?]

There is nothing to see.

The production team already informed us in advance which songs would be candidates.

‘Of course I’m not narrowing it down to these three songs.’

They gave us about a dozen songs and told us that they would be released in this album. Because it’s a pop song you might not know it at all.

And these three songs were probably chosen because of the participants’ running and fighting.

Well on the show a contestant said ‘What I wanted wasn’t this damn song!’ I think I can already see them shouting the same thing.

[Are you nervous?]

[Well a little bit.]

I gave an obvious answer to an obvious question and opened the envelope.

“hmm.”

Well it was just as expected.

‘It won’t even take an hour.’

Let’s try to relax after the plane trip.

* * *

A set where people are buzzing.

Residents with their arms folded holding bags of wine or cosmetics as gifts (all sponsored by T1) in one hand waited for the stage without much anticipation.

This is because it wasn’t a famous show and I didn’t know anything about it except that it was produced by Net Plus.

[I heard you’re singing]

[I wish we could at least do a magic show!]

The father and daughter shrugged their shoulders and talked.

And behind the stage a camera was also rolling to record the participants listening to the audience’s clamor.

In this ‘Intro Stage’ a total of 8 people chose ‘singing’ as their talent to become a celebrity.

And the audience was given one button.

[When the audience presses the button lights flash instantly on the spot!]

[They will press the button if they feel ‘good’.]

[And… WARNING! They think everyone who shows up is a contestant and they don’t know the existence of our secret K-pop mentor!]

[Now let’s join our ‘K-pop’ camp participants on stage!]

The audience reflexively cheered as nine people appeared on the stage in a lift.

[and!]

Participants also reflexively waved their hands or ran around. I had no idea what kind of arrogance or immaturity those excited appearances would be edited out of on air.

And in the corner there was also an Asian young man wearing a large hood.

However unlike other noisy participants there was no movement so it was barely noticeable.

Of course it is Park Moon University.

[Now the first song is… Oh! This is Phil Garcia’s ‘Drive it’! Shall we run!?]

It was a popular song a few years ago that skillfully mixed R&B and pop and was easy to listen to. And it was also a regular song on audition programs for men in this country.

[Oh~]

The audience responded appropriately and politely to the typical song selection.

However when the next rule was explained the admiration began to be mixed with sincerity.

[Contestants on stage will sing a song each time they are randomly selected.]

[If you like it please feel free to press the button! The longer the lights stay on the longer you will be able to listen to that participant sing!]

[If there isn’t much fire… well next!]

Laughter poured out from the audience at the sly words spoken by the machine’s voice.

[ha ha ha!]

If the response is good you can sing more but if the response is bad it’s over.

It was a fun rule because it was easy to see and provocative enough to be cruel!

[Now then let’s start from number 1!]

Music rang out as participants took deep breaths or tried to pretend not to be nervous by turning on the microphone.

And participant number 1 blinked and picked up the microphone.

The trembling voice produced a quite believable sound.

-I drive the car without hesitation~ I have a big engine and shiny headlights~

[oh…]

People who had been pushing the button in moderation stopped pressing the button as soon as the participant stuttered.

[Now next!]

The moment the fire faded the artificial intelligence pointed out number 5 without hesitation.

-I’m not a solid man but I’m wild. That’s my charm…

In that way the song began to travel around people.

Most people could barely digest one verse and those who went a little further could only digest two or three bars.

It was something that could not be helped.

With artificial intelligence’s name coming from nowhere you can see ‘if you make a mistake it’s over’ as a visual aid before your eyes so you end up making mistakes that you shouldn’t have made.

-My eyes see… Damn it!

[next!]

The contestant who could not finish a word properly was even booed by the audience who were now in a good mood.

The moment when the audience became more ruthless due to familiarity.

[Number 7!]

Number 7 who was standing blankly in the corner received the first electronic display call.

[…]

An Asian young man wearing a hood who glanced at the flashing lights immediately opened his mouth and picked up the microphone.

And the song started exactly where it was supposed to go.

Naturally as if it was originally his part.

-Such scenes make me live.

The light of the city again today

Run run run between the stars and light

[oh!!]

A pleasant voice rang loudly through the speakers.

The difference in clear tone and volume is as if you were using different quality equipment.

Crash! widely! Tararalalak!

In an instant lights of all colors started flashing along with the sound of buttons being pressed repeatedly in the audience.

The song stretched out.

-Run run.

Between the stars and light

Tonight.

Even in the high notes of the chorus the voice was not disturbed.

No on the contrary the melodic part that clearly reveals the taste of the song stands out.

[Hey!]

The repeated button hitting did not decrease. The lights kept flashing and the seven races continued.

But the problem was… it was now entering the interlude.

When the song stops the fire will inevitably decrease. Then it is time to naturally move on to the next person.

[Mmm!]

When the lyrics disappeared from the electronic display some audience members who quickly realized what was going on were even disappointed.

-DDU DDU DDururu

DDU DDU DDU

[-!]

Number 7 started humming the interlude.

It’s not just a hum but a tremendous vocal range and technique that’s almost at the level of a concert ad-lib.

[wow!!]

With that feat-like skill the button was hit again and again and the lifespan of number 7 was extended once again.

Paba paba pak! Faba Park!

Lights flashed everywhere.

At this point some of the other participants opened their mouths and watched what Number 7 was doing.

But Park Mun-dae did not continue the stunt.

Instead he stopped ad-libbing a bar or two before entering the second verse and politely lowered the microphone.

[In that case next time!]

The audience was disappointed by the artificial intelligence MC’s sonorous shout but there was a reason.

‘Push once at this timing.’

This is because No. 7 Park Moon-dae was aware of the blind spot of this rule.

‘People get used to stimulation.’

It was more important to sing the previous verse better than to continue singing well.

If you just keep singing without thinking people’s reactions will inevitably fade after the climax.

Since it is not better than the climax part we heard just before there are many cases where there is no need to press the button.

So whether it was a high note or an ad-lib I had to give it variations and keep giving it new stimulation and elements of surprise.

This was also the reason why even people who sang well before could not go beyond two or three bars.

So Park Moon-dae passed the introduction of the second verse where the song tempo is adjusted again.

‘Well I have to take care of the pictures that give participants a chance so I’ll do it at the same time.’

Since you are a mentor you have to give the contestant a picture of yourself for no reason so that you don’t get bullshit like ‘Am I the only one who is jealous?’ on the domestic internet.

And Park Moon-dae’s calculations have already been completed.

‘Considering the number of participants… they’ll probably give me one more shot at the end anyway.’

Looking at the timing it seemed like the participants would go around once and then it would be their turn again.

[Sorry next!]

Because Park Moon-dae had done so well in the beginning the audience’s evaluation had already become harsh and most of the discouraged participants were eliminated after just one verse.

And as per Park Moon-dae’s plan he was nominated again for the pre-chorus just before the last chorus.

[Oooh!]

Amid the anticipation and preemptive cheers of the already biased audience Park Moon-dae held onto the song from the first verse and did not let go.

-Run run

Hit the horn and crush the light

tonight

Park Moon-dae’s song possession time was the final 1 minute and 3 seconds.

The first ‘intro stage’ so shockingly overwhelming that it wasn’t even a game ended.

[The winner is… number 7!]

[Wow!!]

‘I paid for the meal.’

Instead of bowing his head Park Moon-dae smiled and waved his hand to match the audience’s sentiment.

I could already hear the production team drooling beyond the camera next to the stage.

‘If it’s done well it could be used as a trailer.’

And the prediction was correct.

* * *

[K-pop? I don’t listen to that.]

[To call that music… no don’t misunderstand. Because I don’t think boy bands in this country are music either.]

[My younger brother is completely crazy but honestly he is not in his right mind.]

“Oh trailer?”

“that’s right!”

Cha Yu-jin who played Net Plus on her smartphone in the car excitedly shook the screen and showed it to the members.

Immediately the members also focused their attention on the short preview video.

After the cut of the interview with the participants obviously saying things like ‘I’m not interested in K-pop which is a crappy subculture’ the actual filming was cut short.

[This summer.]

[To reality contestants thirsty for fame]

[K-pop baptism pours in!]

“Wow look at the subtitles.”

“You did a good job translating.”

[Aaaaa!!]

[What the fuck is this…]

Screaming contestants and smiling K-pop idols.

And the profile of me singing and the participant next to me with his mouth open passed by.

“Besides you there were two other vocal teams right?”

“okay.”

I guess I used it well because I thought the first stage would get the most reaction from the participants.

“I heard everyone won.”

“Oh of course. “Everyone has positions so they probably lost?”

Looking at him smiling and doing that I think he too won the dance stage by a landslide.

[Do you know K-pop?]

[Do you like it?]

[Would you like to try it?]

[K-NOW]

Immediately after the title appeared ‘Episode 1 coming soon’ appeared along with the date.

Usually programs released on Net Plus are released in a bundle of four or five episodes but it seems like there was an agreement with the studio to release each episode one at a time.

“Be sure to click on ‘Receive Notifications’ when Cha Yu-jin is released so you don’t forget to watch it right away…”

“I know!”

“If you knew what would you do?”

‘Anyway the broadcast isn’t far away.’

First of all it was quite exciting to see what the reaction to the first episode would be perhaps because filming was successfully completed.

And by the time you see that there is also a new event.

At that moment Seon Ah-hyun seems to have realized something when she sees the date and is shouting out.

“Ah this day… it’s our moving date…!”

“I know?”

“I think it will be worth it to order a new large TV after much discussion!”

“I really like it!”

It’s just moving.

We have finally moved to a new accommodation.
