---
title: "Chapter 214"
category: "book"
index: 213
section: "Chapter 214"
slug: "214"
---

# Chapter 214

When Testa was in the midst of preparations for moving people who were waiting for the new Net Plus entertainment show created by the “Azusa” production team were quite upset.

This is because the aggro in the released trailer was excellent.

———————==

[Azusa production team’s new entertainment show I’m the only one who doesn’t care]

I don’t know why they’re begging K-pop fans to like K-pop… It’s like cultural toadyism.

———————==

-That’s right I was exactly like this too.

-ㅇㄱㄹㅇ

-There are a lot of people who say they like K-pop but it seems like they really have no pride in gathering haters and doing something like that.

-It feels like watching a gangster rehabilitation survival show. Please shine a light on people who are living well and are passionate while doing such things haha.

-?? I don’t think this is what it feels like… Isn’t this something like “A little weak Americans have a taste of K-pop hell?”

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I felt this way when I saw the trailer too.

-On one side it’s toadyism and on the other side it’s all over the country. It’s amazing haha.

-It’s annoying to film such a low-quality entertainment show but it looks like it’s going to be good again. Just the trailer alone is making me go crazy again. Ugh.

– Top topical topic hahahaha

Moreover the production team secretly released official information about the exact content of the program only when the most talk and controversy was growing.

-K-pop idols are mentors and the deal is to gather American fans and send them to a K-pop hell camp and only those who survive are given prizes.

└Fuck hahahahahahahahaha

└I must be crazy

└How do you come up with something like this? Are the production crew really camping in hell?

-My kids are already so busy so it’s absurd to ask them to do something like this but it’s funny.

└You’re a fan of Testa. It’s karma for buying Azusa stock and helping the production team grow haha.

└I fell in love with it during a visit

And when the controversy over the program subsided slightly articles about the mentor cast began to appear.

People who were embarrassed by the scale of the program also reproduced articles related to the program.

-V-ticker is really coming out?;;;

-No Jaehyun why did you make this choice?

-Golden Age also appears. I guess they added it because they are from Azusa… Um… haha.

└X Idiots are now sitting on entertainment shows and even considering the level. Anyway these bastards are dying from laughter haha.

└Okay let’s listen next time

-It must be difficult for this lineup to appear on weekend entertainment shows at once so what’s going on? It’s like a childhood dream concert.

-It’s a pity that the Testa Azusa production crew filmed it as a holy bone and got caught.

And everyone expected his appearance and by the time Park Moon-dae appeared in the trailer the resigned Testa fans had already burned out once.

-Yes Azusa is not a mentor in the new season.

-This activity has seen a lot of entertainment shows of all time and one of them has something like this… lol… lol…

-Testa will probably test it but it’s so good that I’m actually looking forward to it (that’s a lie)

-I hope you don’t have a hard time filming your kids.

Many fan communities ended the story by simply saying ‘I hope Testa’s feelings weren’t hurt while filming.’

This is because the ‘Spring Out’ activities went very well and the overseas response indicators were good so the weather was short.

Even the small rumors related to Ryu Cheong-woo’s camera have long since subsided through his frequent appearances on major entertainment shows.

So amid the mixed reactions from fans of the idols who appeared and the unfavorable topicality from general netizens the entertainment show aired episode 1.

[K-NOW!]

[K-pop is boring! Participants who have only aimed to become celebrities their entire lives fall into an unexpected quagmire.]

As written in the introduction the production team introduced the extreme characteristics of some of the 24 participants and then emphasized two commonalities through the magic of editing.

Being thirsty for attention.

And it ignores K-pop.

Naturally the reaction of domestic viewers who were watching in real time as soon as it was released was extreme.

-Ah hahaha that’s so annoying.

-Is that really the American average?

-I feel really bad… Why are my emotions like that?

-‘This is real music’ I really want to punch that guy in the mouth.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ It’s just funny. Koreans are so obsessed.

-I actually somewhat sympathize with what the contestants said… These days idols’ songs are all the same.

└Oh my gosh old man

The participants competed against each other and were amazed by all the sponsored products in the wonderful accommodations.

Finally the scene in question came.

[KPOP mentors will appear now!]

[3 2 1]

[Ta-da!]

[Screams like this are rampant!]

Participants who were shocked angry or embarrassed were still portrayed as blatantly unfavorable.

Viewers now took a step back from that unfamiliar emotion and just watched it as if they were watching an idol appearing on a foreign entertainment show.

-Stand at the breakout corner

-I want to skip it laterㅠㅠ

– Haha why am I so funny? All the idols are really good and I’m shocked to see them compared to professionals haha.

If things had continued like this 〈K-NOW〉 would have lost its domestic buzz and fizzled out after just one episode.

However from the next moment the atmosphere changed.

[You will compete head-to-head with KPOP mentors!]

[Fields include singing dancing and photography!]

[Yes this is the item you listed as ‘specialty’ on your application!]

-what?

-for a moment

-Hahahahaha is there a contest here too?

-Stop talking crazy.

But it was true.

[great! If you win you get $50000~]

[Honestly I don’t think we’ll lose. yes.]

[With a pop song? Well I can never lose it. I’m sorry but you made a mistake.]

Again the appearance of several talented participants was captured at quite a length.

They argued fiercely again over song selections and photo themes and soon went on stage with the appearance of amateurs full of baseless confidence.

And in contrast the idols were shown as very calm and kind.

[Aha you give me one hour~]

[I have to work hard.]

[Can I put this here?]

-At first glance they really look like different races.

└Different race

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

And the second half of the program.

Idols who participated bare-chested almost slaughtered the participants with terrifying force.

[Victory victory victory!]

Coupled with the Azusa production team’s unique emphasis on editing the scene was brutally cool and overwhelmingly presented on the screen.

[There’s nothing more to see!]

[Once more the mentor wins!]

[It’s overwhelming! Hmm are you still saying that camp is useless?]

[Participant\: Damn…]

In particular the results were still the same not only in Park Moon-dae’s first vocal stage which was carefully edited but also in the dance stage where everyone wore masks.

In an instant the Internet was covered with related reactions.

-Wow I’m kicking my ass.

-Crazy Park Moon-dae you crazy bastard I knew this would happen. As expected I won first place and I’m not going anywhere.

-Taste the taste of K-pop hell.

-Please give me a fancam of Keun Se-jin wearing a teddy bear mask so I can reveal the behind-the-scenes!ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-I can’t believe that only Americans have seen this. Do it in Korea too.

-It’s so fun. As expected Azusa’s production team has a good hand. Hahaha.

Originally they were viewers of survival programs who were fascinated by the format of competition purely based on skill.

In addition K-pop idols who are emotionally close to each other won comfortably adding to the thrill of winning in sports.

But at the same time there were people who had doubts.

-This… Is it okay to promote this Gukbbong flavor to English-speaking countries? Hahaha.

-I think they’ll be upset that it won’t be a hit in the US.

-That’s right I think people will feel rejected for promoting K-pop too much.

-I think all the idols ran away when they were leaving school hahaha.

But that wasn’t the case.

This is because foreigners were watching this program with different sensibilities.

It was the taste of rehabilitation.

They did not yet identify with the participants at all and were thoroughly enjoying their suffering.

This is because the production team did an excellent job of giving the participants the attribute of ‘an annoying human being they have experienced in their lives’.

-Friends take this opportunity to tell them to grow up (tongue sticking out emoticon)

-Oh please the blonde guy with the cap is just like my ex-boyfriend who was always posting weird stuff on Inheart.

-Isn’t this pretty funny?

-I hope everyone is reborn like a ‘K-pop’ star with a 12-year-old rating (laughter emoticon)

Here one of the representative images of K-pop was very popular.

That means it is wholesome.

And the plot of these wholesome friends of all ages giving realistic lessons to malignant followers was quite odd but it fit well.

-It’s like watching a reality program that catches bad kids and sends them to a special summer camp (laughter)

└Popular opinion\: True.

└And there are K-pop (rainbow and unicorn emoji) instructors at that camp!

So to English-speaking viewers the whole thing felt like a fairly humorous parody.

At the same time I felt a crush on the K-pop idol who was active in this entertainment show.

-Everyone is so kind and classy! It’s a bit touching

-That hoodie is a really great singer.

-They say I received training from a very young age so it seems it wasn’t in vain.

In the meantime existing KPOP fandoms worked hard to spread sales and information.

-That hoodie has never received any training! The auditionees were 100% ordinary people! It’s just a bunch of talent and effort♡

-Their latest song is really great and I recommend it to anyone interested in the combination of oriental and steampunk (link)

-It’s surprising that people are finally recognizing the good aspects of K-pop. Are we living in the 90’s?

And even before this reaction was translated into Korea.

The reactions of viewers who had even the slightest knowledge of KPOP were united by the trailer for the next episode that appeared at the end of episode 1.

[Look at that our most senior mentor appears!]

[Mentor\: Hello.]

A close-up shot of VTIC Cheongryeo appeared.

The production team intentionally did not show KPOP idols in their first appearances but only showed them in the trailer.

-Wow it’s cool.

-Mimimmimimichiㅣnijal

-What did you do?

-Return to Korea immediately.

[Mentor\: I hope you learn a lot from this camp.]

Cheongryeo digested the script in clear English.

[Mentor\: Ah the name of this evaluation is… ‘Learn VTIC.’ It’s probably meaningful training.]

[Mentor\: We are famous.]

Cheongnyeo grinned.

The trailer ended with a short cut of the participants staring at each other along with a tense BGM.

-Producer\: Look at the next episode. This is it haha.

In this way the new entertainment show by the production team of “Azusa” once again secured buzz.

It was a very smooth yet turbulent start.

However even though Testa who had pledged to watch this program ‘as soon as it came out’ was a party to the program no one could confirm this reaction.

There was a reason.

“Aaaah!”

“Do it again! Let’s do it again!”

“Oh no…! “This is right!”

“Wow Ah-hyun is such an active rejecter?? “Does it look suspicious?”

“You are more suspicious.”

“Guys… it’s our second hour.”

They were overly engrossed in the roommate assignment game overtime.

It was a side effect of the fan service content that I started lightly after moving.
