---
title: "Chapter 215"
category: "book"
index: 214
section: "Chapter 215"
slug: "215"
---

# Chapter 215

Bae Se-jin said calmly.

“Next… it’s your turn.”

“yes yes!”

Sun Ah-hyun swallowed her saliva with a very nervous look on her face and then shouted carefully.

“I will nominate the three Sejin…!”

“What? Ahyeon aren’t you being too quick to criticize me for being suspicious earlier? “I shouldn’t get into personal feelings about this~”

“Oh no!”

This is my first time seeing these two guys arguing.

What’s even funnier is that the people around them are watching the confrontation with sweaty faces.

‘How did it end up like this?’

I looked down at the remaining cards in my hand and fell into profound worry.

When I first entered the new accommodation the atmosphere couldn’t have been so warm.

“It’s so big! “I love it!”

“There are still three bathrooms right?”

“It’s a house that was remodeled inside and added plumbing to create an additional smaller bathroom. “There are four.”

“oh.”

Since people were coming from the cleaning company anyway the increase in the number of bathrooms was very welcome.

…I was a little concerned about the location of the accommodation.

‘In the end I came to SV Village… ’

That neighborhood where the VTIC accommodations are located.

There was no choice as it was leaked that we were going to E Palace. As we focused on security the pool of candidates became smaller and we ended up here.

However there is a difference in square footage so the distance is quite long even within the complex so you won’t have to waste time looking around.

‘Let’s check the bedroom.’

I pushed away my useless reluctance and looked around the accommodation.

“wow! There are a lot of rooms! “Do I use it alone??”

“There are four bedrooms. “Only one person can occupy a single room!”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin who must have been listening to the conversation between the two was suddenly startled and muttered solemnly.

“…You can write it alone?”

“yes! Alternatively it is possible for three people to share a large room and the remaining person to enjoy the benefits of a single room…”

No.

‘That’s a bad picture.’

In fact we could have rented two lodgings and each had a private room. However the reason I continued to use the same accommodation was to prevent gossip.

It’s not even our two-year anniversary yet but seeing as we’re already sharing a single room it’s easy to say things like “We’re not getting along very well.”

‘We have to wait at least another year.’

But why do they add one more single room while creating a three-person room?

There will be people out there trying to create a strange image for those who use solitary confinement.

I intervened at that point.

“There is no need to use it narrowly. As you said three double rooms and one single room would be better.”

“yes!”

Raebin Kim immediately agreed with a slightly proud look on his face but when I actually said it my taste buds were sour.

‘I want to write it alone.’

It’s a shame I kicked away the opportunity to double the odds.

“Oh this room is cool!”

“The size of the bed has grown a lot.”

Anyway as the accommodation got bigger and the rooms got bigger it seemed like I would have more room to live.

“Oh that’s right.”

And here comes the decisive sound.

Liu Chengyu grinned and said this as if joking.

“Should we give the biggest room to someone who will be using it alone?”

“…!”

And surprisingly this opinion was passed with strong support from the majority.

“oh! “That’s nice~”

“Well I think fans will find the reward compelling when they watch roommate-related content!”

“Haha really?”

Ryu Cheong-woo himself seemed a bit surprised but it seemed like everyone was trying hard to draw a picture of what it was like when he was in a solitary room.

So the result is that the room assignment game has become ridiculously overheated.

“Even if we examine it rationally Cha Yu-jin’s statements over the past two turns were contradictory so Cha Yu-jin is the impostor!”

“no! “Think again!”

“that’s right!”

“now. So Ravin thinks Yujin is lying?”

“Yes! “I will ‘verify’ the proposition that Cha Yu-jin could not have accepted a bribe last turn!”

“no I do not want!”

As soon as Cha Yu-jin is singled out she makes a fuss as if she is drinking some kind of poison.

‘The problem is that he’s not the only one who does this.’

Everyone is doing that throughout the turn. I gave up and clenched my chin.

Actually this was a simple board game that was a mix of a mafia game and a card game.

The actions you can take are determined according to the job card secretly drawn at the beginning and the person who collects the most money through them wins.

However there is one thing that sets it apart.

‘Just do whatever you want as long as you don’t get caught.’

I was able to do things I couldn’t do because of my job through bluffing.

In other words it was inevitable that all kinds of lies would spread.

‘…I chose it because I thought it would be funny.’

The problem is that in the first game Keun Se-jin won with complete bullshit.

-Sejin… aren’t they members of the National Assembly…?

-… A flower shop owner?

-That’s right~ Ah ‘Are you fooling me~’ is the phrase used in situations like this right? Hahaha!

-Ugh!!

Keun Se-jin who quoted lines from his own music video must have been so impressive that from the next game lies became the meta that dominated the game.

Everyone started telling lies to raise money and it ended up being a mess after the third round.

“Now Eugene let’s ‘verify’. “Show me your card.”

For reference if someone’s job was ‘verified’ by someone else that person could not make money for a while regardless of whether it was true or not.

So first of all those who were singled out for ‘verification’ defended themselves fiercely but…

Well didn’t I say it earlier? It’s shit.

“Hmm… Eugene’s occupation was ‘police officer’! “Because he took a bribe last turn Eugene is eliminated!”

“Boo…”

“also!”

Now everything that goes into ‘verification’ is being taken into account.

‘It’s ruined.’

This has been filming for over two hours now and it looks like it will all be edited and condensed into about 30 minutes.

Fans will be sad to ask for the full version but when the full version is actually released the atmosphere will become solemn… That’s such a boring and boring thing.

‘Now that it’s like this the guy who won’t lie will have to win to get out of the loop.’

It won’t work.

‘Next game… it would be better to drive Sun Ah-hyun.’

Isn’t he the person who can’t lie the most?

So in the fourth round we gave Sun Ah-hyun a little push to do well.

-I’ll buy this…!

-Well I think taking over the store pays more.

-Is that so? Then with that…!

And Sun Ah-hyun steadily made a lot of money and surprisingly she did not get into an argument with Keun Se-jin and succeeded in singling out the guy at the time of ‘verification’.

“I made this decision after really thinking about it… Sejin please verify it…! Construction of the building last turn!”

“Okay Ahyeon.”

Ryu Cheong-woo who volunteered to be the host because he didn’t feel the appeal of solitary confinement immediately checked Keun Se-jin’s card.

I crossed my arms.

‘Is one person eliminated?’

Of course I thought so but the words that came out of Liu Chengyu’s mouth were unexpected.

“…! Sejin… it wasn’t a lie!”

“…!!”

“Really?”

“okay. “It’s a job that allows you to build buildings.”

This bastard hit a double bullshit.

“Oh if you lie again this time that’s right. “I have a conscience too!”

There are so many lies coming out.

Thanks to this Sun Ah-hyun who failed the ‘verification’ took 3 turns off due to the penalty.

“Ahyun is not allowed to act this turn either.”

“yes yes…”

“Sejin won’t be able to make money for one more turn.”

“I understand~”

Thanks to this an unexpected winner emerged.

“First place in this edition is… Mundae!”

It’s me.

“Yes thank you.”

Please note that this is all meaningless.

This is because there was a difference in the total amount due to being intensively marked by a strong player in the previous game.

‘Fuck you.’

Maybe I should have just had fun and wasted all the money.

Anyway who is the final winner…

“The overall first place winner who can freely choose a room is Lee Se-jin!”

“ha ha ha!”

In the end that bastard won.

I think it will be fun for people to watch but… it somehow makes me feel sick.

‘Shall I stab you?’

I smiled and opened my mouth.

“Congratulations.”

“Oh~ Thank you Moon University!”

“It would be more convenient to have a private room.”

“…??”

“This was about choosing who would be in solitary confinement.”

“That’s right I’m jealous!”

“I hope you have a pleasant life as a single person in a spacious room.”

When the use of solitary confinement was treated as a fait accompli Keun Se-jin’s expression twitched for a moment but quickly returned.

“Haha no! Well that’s not necessarily true~”

Oh you’re trying to avoid it.

I was active in the game to extract some space from this content but I don’t think I wanted to spend time alone.

If you use it alone there is a high probability that you will suffer a slight loss in the amount of appearances in your own content.

‘I guess I’ll go with a picture that naturally gives in.’

Well then there is only one candidate.

“Hey I want to use it too but… well I want to give Chungwoo a private room! “Our leader has really supported this team since our debut!”

“Huh me?”

“That’s right brother~ Aren’t these things usually used by older leaders?”

“Oooh!”

“What a great choice!”

Just like that Liu Chengwu was taken to solitary confinement without even getting a drop of water on his hands.

‘I’m jealous.’

As I clicked my tongue I heard a small voice next to me.

“…I am the oldest…”

Bae Se-jin seemed to have no intention of speaking out loud but when their eyes met he hurriedly closed his mouth.

Now that I think about it Bae Se-jin has the earliest birthday. Isn’t this why images are so important?

‘…Of course if you think about it I’m really the oldest.’

I whetted my appetite at the opportunity of solitary confinement gone by.

Well there is no problem with a double room. First of all my roommate was also a quiet guy.

“Then Moondae and Ahyeon are in the same room.”

“Now please take care of me…!”

“okay. “It’s been a while.”

This is because I ended up sharing the same room as Sun Ah-hyun. As soon as the place was closed with this number of people Sun Ah-hyeon’s face lit up.

‘Could it be that this guy was working hard to avoid Cha Yu-jin instead of being in solitary confinement?’

A fairly convincing hypothesis crossed my mind but it’s not important so let’s move on.

For your information Big Se-jin was blinded by the amount of content and took the karma that shook the game up.

The problem is that the innocent guy gets hit too.

“Oh then… Brother Sejin two are in the same room!”

This is because Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin chose the same room while yelling at each other to leave.

In the end Keun Se-jin who had no choice by giving up his choice to Ryu Cheong-woo… automatically joined Bae Se-jin’s room.

“Please take care of me brother!”

“That’s right.”

The two exchanged friendly greetings a beat later. Be thankful it’s not a live broadcast.

‘We won’t fight.’

After a fight they don’t interfere with each other except for necessary conversations.

And even if it’s the same room it’s the size of the living room in my previous accommodation. I think it’s okay to look at it even though we won’t collide with it.

‘If you notice something just change it.’

The external excuse would be to say something funny like how we both suffer because our bedtimes are so different.

“Okay then let’s unpack in our respective rooms and see you again with another roommate story!”

“See you again Loveviewer~”

The roommate game filming ended with that ending comment.

I shrugged my shoulders and went into the designated room to unpack.

‘The quality is definitely better.’

They said it had gone through a lot of remodeling and it really looked like that.

“It’s radish. Let’s have fun…!”

“Okay then.”

I’m already looking forward to a comfortable bedtime without noise pollution.

-I go out to have fun. I go there a lot.

-I only accept your heart.

This conversation was a bit ominous but I still wonder where it got away from Cha Yu-jin’s roommate.

‘That bastard talks too much.’

I sighed and stretched out on the bed.

All that can be heard is the sound of Sun Ah-hyun arranging her French embroidery and scrub brush.

‘It’s peaceful.’

I guess this is what it feels like to move here.

…For your information this sentiment doesn’t last one day.

The very next day.

Because I had to get on a plane and leave for LA.

The reason was the additional filming for that damn entertainment show and the content was like X.

It looks like we will be doing a one-time special performance with Mentor Jin in the mix.

The problem is that there is a blueprint on my team.

‘Fuck you.’

It all started with episode 2 of 〈K-NOW〉 where that guy appeared.
