---
title: "Chapter 216"
category: "book"
index: 215
section: "Chapter 216"
slug: "216"
---

# Chapter 216

Hellfire K-Pop Camp which really caught the attention of the public was able to be broadcast with great interest from episode 1 to episode 2.

And it was an undeniable fact that Cheongryeo’s appearance played a part in this topicality.

This is because of the law of scarcity.

This is because VTIC has been refraining from light and enjoyable content such as entertainment since the member withdrawal incident.

-It’s been a while since this was a variety showㅠㅠ

-It’s a shame that only Jaehyun showed up but it also makes me feel bad because he feels like he’s the leader so… you guys worked hard.

-If you just look at the trailer it’s the foundation of K-pop

And in episode 2 of This Bastard the impact that the mentor cast could have was all lost.

‘We were fortunate to have hit and run in just one episode.’

During monitoring it appears that he has served as an important judge instructor and counselor.

– Cheongnyeo showing kindness to the world (video)

-Hey this is a K-dol!

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠOur leader is always a warm-hearted person (capture)

-I don’t understand why I can’t do this but Shin Jaehyun will watch the practice for now hahaha. It’s still the same.

Even though the amount of filming is not that much for a busy top tier it seems like only the crucial parts were left out.

‘Is it cost-effective?’

After all fucking people should open up and watch it. I guess the mentors who came out with me lost at most by missing filming time.

‘Now that I think about it there were Golden Age guys among them.’

That group with gold 1.

After the industrial espionage incident we stopped contacting each other but after seeing our faces again on the &lt;Azusa&gt; production team’s variety show we occasionally contacted them at the level of networking.

[Golden Age Ha Iljun\: It was good to see you after a long time Moondae! It’s a shame we didn’t overlap filming this time. See you next time!]

I responded appropriately to Gold 1’s message and boarded the plane.

[Yes see you next time]

That’s neat.

When people work it’s perfect for a relationship like this where they don’t blush at each other.

In particular it’s best not to get involved with a crazy person who turns people off but it’s quite annoying to find out how many times you secretly continue to work together.

I’m glad the guy I’m going with listened to me.

“It’s radish. “Did you get your passport?”

“okay.”

It’s Sun Ah-hyun.

There was not only one special collaboration stage between the mentors but the special stage involving Sun Ah-hyun was also filmed at this time.

‘It looks like which group said they didn’t have time.’

If we had known it would be like this we would have said hello to not doing a special performance.

“Get on the plane and get some sleep. “Even if the team got the choreography in advance they would not have time because they would have to adjust their movements anew.”

“Ugh!”

Sun Ah-hyun and I boarded the plane safely ignoring the data pals and some Homma cameras that were following us.

‘They gave me good seats.’

I guess I made the right investment. I closed the curtain next to the seat to prevent any possible invasion of privacy.

The manager… I don’t know. The second guy came along and will sit behind him on his own.

‘Let’s get some sleep.’

Then it was time to push the seat down to make it almost like a bed and open a bottle of water.

Sun Ah-hyun spoke in a low voice.

“It’s over there.”

“uh.”

“What is it? Is that senior VTIC Cheongnyeo uncomfortable?”

“Phew.”

Bottled water almost came out of my nose.

‘How did you know?’

“Are you okay?! Massage…”

“Okay that’s it.”

I threw up my hands and shook out my hair. Sun Ah-hyeon looked at me with some concern and carefully spoke the next word.

It seemed like he had thought about it in advance.

“If it’s inconvenient for you… should I trade with you?”

“what?”

“I thought it would be okay since our team’s stage teacher already knows the choreography…”

“…”

“For me people who live here are uncomfortable… so there’s not much of a difference…!”

“It’s okay.”

I smiled and closed the water bottle.

I am indeed. Still it’s still quite touching. Does that guy even worry about interpersonal relationships anymore?

“And when are you going to learn the choreography again?”

“Ha I’ve got one day… so it’s okay.”

“…”

Talented people are pissed.

“Anyway… I don’t like him but it’s not to the point where I can’t work. “He’s not a big deal to begin with.”

“I see. But still… if you have any thoughts please tell me!”

“okay.”

I don’t think that will happen but it would be okay if you just say it obediently.

I lay down on a seat that resembled a bed.

And after a while he asked as if he were passing by.

“But is it obvious like that?”

“Hmm?”

“I don’t like that senior.”

“…A little bit of Joe?”

“When did you do that?”

“Every time we meet Mundae keeps clenching his fist…”

“…”

I have to be careful.

And 11 hours later I found out that I really had a fist.

“hello.”

“Hello senior!”

‘It was real.’

A large choreography practice room where the production crew has already installed cameras.

When Cheongryeo who arrived one step late smiled and greeted me my hands were truly expressing their will on their own.

‘I guess it’s because I have memories of grinding.’

Anyway thanks to Sun Ah-hyun I found out one thing. I have to be careful when there are cameras around.

‘Anyway the VTIC name definitely has value.’

Regardless of whether I was paying attention to my fists or not everyone around me was greeting Cheongryeo with their bodies tense.

“Nice to meet you. Shall we start practicing right away?”

Among those who constantly expressed admiration or feelings of inferiority Cheongryeo elegantly got to the point.

‘This is comfortable.’

I have no intention of opposing the idea of not wasting time before practice.

And then the movement work began.

“Here we go one more time!”

We shared all the parts in advance and learned our own route through the video.

However when we all worked together there were bound to be differences in spacing height and size of movement.

It’s a task to reorganize it but usually a choreography trainer is hired…

“Please raise your left elbow more.”

“yes yes…!”

This time at some point the trainer just shouts ‘I’ll play it one more time.’

Because that bastard grabbed everything.

“Please come in a little faster during the pre-chorus. “Just stop moving when you lower your arms and come in.”

“Ah… Yes!”

Of course it’s Cheongryeo who is the one who gets the most shots here.

It’s comforting to see that even people who would otherwise be left out are becoming intimidated and following along thanks to their age and popularity.

“Then let’s take a break for a while. “Um 10 minutes?”

“yes!”

It seems like the break time will be cut off like a knife.

Hoo.

‘This is really useful.’

Indeed this guy who lived as an idol leader for several decades is different. Efficiency is extraordinary.

‘It will be over quickly.’

It was a moment when I was about to slightly revise my evaluation of the guy.

“Junior.”

“…yes.”

Canceled immediately.

Since the camera was maintained there was no need to talk to these guys so I went to the corner but they insisted on talking to me again.

However surprisingly there were no crazy remarks like usual.

Cheongryeo lowered his voice and simply gave advice quietly.

“It’s good to make bigger movements but I’m moving my joints incorrectly.”

“…”

“Now look.”

A neat demonstration followed.

An action that gives a bounce to the upper body by bending and bouncing the whole body.

“This is where my elbow and thigh touch.”

“yes.”

“Why do you think it’s touching?”

“It seems like they are trying to give a sense of rhythm to the movement of bending and straightening the body.”

“that’s right.”

Yes came out immediately but the conversation didn’t end there.

“But you can’t just think about it.”

“…!”

“look. “This has to be done by taking into account the bending of the upper body in the next movement.”

Cheongryeo moved her elbows to the side as much as she didn’t need to and then pulled her upper body up.

“This increases the movement line of the arm joints making the movement faster when bending down.”

Then tension appeared somewhere in the movement.

It was what you would call ‘chewy’.

“That’s how the lines look good.”

“…”

“If you pay attention to the ‘why’ of the back and forth movements you will be able to show all the skills you have in the future.”

I almost chewed my tongue.

oh my god.

This kid is ‘really’ helpful.

Because I have just come to understand that advice is extremely useful.

‘…Compared to the increased stats I somehow felt less like I was dancing better than my peers.’

This was a realization that required time or talent.

You can either know it instinctively like Cha Yu-jin or you can realize it by thinking and practicing countless times like Keun Se-jin.

And to polish it into language and convey it in a way that even the uninitiated can understand… was something only someone who had tried similar things thousands of times could do.

‘It’s not like I’ve been eating it raw all these years.’

I clearly admitted it.

“yes. thank you.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo became silent for a moment probably because he hadn’t expected it.

But soon he seemed to understand it and smiled and nodded.

“yes. After all it’s better to listen to these things separately right? “It hurts your feelings if you get pointed out when we’re all together.”

“…”

“Oh I’m not saying that your junior is not particularly good at it. haha.”

This really hurts my pride.

‘I only dance but my singing sucks.’

It’s a shame but I can’t help but say this.

“I’m not offended by that. I don’t think your senior will feel bad if I give him advice during recording.”

“…aha. yes.”

Cheongryeo’s eyes narrowed.

But he shrugged as if he would admit it soon.

“Well I guess that’s the limit of talent. “It doesn’t work anymore.”

“…”

It must have been so. I saw that a guy whose vocal growth limit was B+ had come a long way to B+.

Just as I was about to admire it a little I heard a low voice muttering to itself as if it were talking to itself.

“So every time… I was so annoyed by the search for a sane young guy who was good at singing.”

“…”

“Well this time… I can’t say it’s really a success even now. You withdrew right? haha.”

…Now that I think about it VTIC’s main vocalist was the club guy.

It won’t work. I quickly changed my mind before any more crazy noises came out.

“Still you seem to be doing well.”

“I guess I’ve gained my own know-how. therefore…”

Beep beep beep!

At that moment a loud alarm rang.

“Ah time is up.”

It meant that recess was over.

Cheongryeo immediately went to the center of the practice room stretched his neck and spoke.

“Now then let’s fix the details.”

And the work to unify the choreography details began so persistently that one wondered if this was even necessary for a one-time special stage.

Thanks to this I will say that the only ones who died were the production staff.

* * *

“Did you come up?”

Cheongryeo’s personal fan was refreshing Net Plus and constantly checking to see if episode 3 had been uploaded.

And that action was soon rewarded.

“It’s up!”

You can’t miss the entertainment show where Cheongnyeo appears after a long time! Cheongryeo’s fans watched episode 3 with excitement.

But… this time almost no Cheongnyeo appeared.

“hmm…”

It was definitely still stimulating and it was nice to see the participants purifying and refining themselves while going through a hard time getting rid of their tears and snot.

However since the most important Cheongryeo almost did not come out the excitement completely cooled down.

‘That’s right… there’s no way it took that long to film.’

Since he appeared as a mentor rather than as the main MC it was quite a feat.

“I’ll have to look at the cut version.”

Cheongryeo’s fan shrugged his shoulders and decided to stop wasting time.

But at that moment.

[In a moment!]

[KPOP mentors’ spectacular demonstration stage unfolds!]

[Participant\: Oh my god!]

[oh my god. Will the participants be able to recreate this stage?]

Suddenly a special stage notice appeared.

“Crazy Shin Jaehyun!!”

And the fan didn’t miss Cheongryeo’s face.

‘what!!’

Cheongryeo’s fan couldn’t resist and immediately skipped the playback bar to the end. Seeing that it was put in like this I assumed it would definitely come out at the end.

And the prediction was correct.

“Ugh!”

The video atmosphere suddenly changed to resemble typical WeTube stage content.

The fan checked the seven idol mentors standing in a formation.

And there was a real cheongryeo in it!

“Huh.”

It was almost the first time since her second year of debut that Cheongryeo performed on stage with another idol!

‘Wow there’s Park Moon-dae too.’

The fan’s mind was spinning.

And the moment I thought that the formation of the idols posing or crossing their arms with their chins raised looked somewhat familiar.

The intro has started.

-ShhShhShh Shh…!

“…!”

This… was a hot idol hit song that was released only half a year ago!

It’s not even just a hit song.

‘That’s Mirinae’s song!’

A hit song by a new female idol who debuted less than a year ago was playing on the screen.
