---
title: "Chapter 217"
category: "book"
index: 216
section: "Chapter 217"
slug: "217"
---

# Chapter 217

Cover stage.

It refers to a stage where a song by another group or singer is performed rather than one’s own song.

And of course there was an implicit line to that as well.

‘I don’t necessarily do my junior’s songs.’

This is because if you don’t do as well as your juniors your drawing will look very awkward. Moreover even if you did well it was easy to hear that you had ‘no business morals’.

In a situation where a cover stage usually involves performing someone else’s song with only a few days of practice the risk was quite fatal.

Moreover many of the idols who appeared as mentors in this entertainment show produced by the Azusa production team were already on the rise.

‘No there are a ton of people who aren’t ready to do a cover stage at the end of the year!’

This means that no one knew that they would be watching a video of them doing something unexpected covering a rookie’s latest hit song.

‘omg.’

For reference related SNSs in similar time zones also use ‘??’ It was plastered with things like that.

However Cheongryeo’s fan immediately came to enlightenment.

‘Well if I choose Jaehyun’s senior song wouldn’t the number of options be reduced too much?’

This is because there are only a handful of idols who are older than VTIC and have had hit songs in the past 5 years.

However it wasn’t fun to cover old songs too much. This is because I have tried it many times already.

‘Rookie female idol song… It’s definitely fun!’

Come to think of it it was truly the first time since my debut year that I saw Cheongryeo perform a female idol song!

The fan’s heart started pounding at the thought that this was a rare treat that had suddenly exploded.

It was a possible reflex because it never occurred to me that Cheongryeo would not be able to do it.

And all these thoughts passed by in a matter of two or three seconds.

-We gonna fly high

The screen stopped showing close-ups and the stage began.

Floating Floating-

Above the bass drum a soft string instrument Wood was transformed and laid like the electronic sound of a synthesizer.

Then the idols who were wearing well-fitting leather harness costumes parted the formation and started choreographing on the purple stage.

The sense of incongruity that came from coming from different groups was gently melted away and masked.

The skills that were well-honed over many years of activity played a part but most importantly… the center was unique.

Of course it was Cheongryeo.

-You shout high up

Fly up there

Shoot up of bondage

Get out of the paradox

‘Ouch!’

A strong chorus hit from the very beginning. Cheongryeo’s fans automatically fell silent.

“Ha I like it…”

Cheongryeo on the screen ended the introduction by flowing and connecting several tens of seconds of choreography as if it were one movement.

It felt like an instant without even having time to recall the original song.

It was an incredible capability.

‘Gwaaagh!’

Except for the inexplicable screaming and calling out the member’s name similar posts were also posted in the fan community.

– Cheongnyeo fuck you.

-World Class came

-Oh I just changed the key but the atmosphere changed.

It wasn’t just the height that changed.

The nuance has changed.

Mirinae’s debut song ‘high up’ was a song containing the metaphor of a caterpillar caught in a spider’s web being caught in a cocoon hardening and eventually escaping as a butterfly.

In part it seems to have a slightly retro and sad taste but its sophisticated and rhythmical taste fits the recent trend and was a box office success.

It was a flawless debut song with intentional emotions here and there in a song that stood out as a rookie… but it also meant that the color was that strong.

This is because the metaphor itself meant to soar by shaking off the public controversy and noise caused by Season 4 of Azusa.

And established idols who already had a history of doing this did not fall into this trap.

This means that their unique sensibility was not clumsily chosen for this cover stage.

-Tear off the skin

Take off take off take off

I’m taking off right now

It was just powerful.

“Wow.”

There was no stiffness that inevitably comes out as is usually the case with debut songs by rookies. Instead the expressive power that comes from leisure was maximized.

Moreover the choreographic angle established by Cheongryeo prevented this leisure from being seen as wantonness.

As a result the stage became so intense that it felt like it was going to eat you up and it had a different feel from the original song.

In short it has become a good example of the ‘powerful and talented concept’ that is loved by the global KPOP fandom.

Moreover since they were not originally in the same group the atmosphere of not wanting to give in to anyone maximized this.

Especially the refrain.

-You shout high up

(high-up up up up)

Go further and higher

“Hey!”

It was a rush.

The formation led by Cheongryeo was elegant and had exquisite control of strength and weakness attracting attention.

The rule of choreography that if the person standing in the middle controls it well the overall quality increases was faithfully followed.

Some people who skimmed through episode 3 as soon as it was uploaded and pulled out the performance scenes are probably already endlessly pulling out GIF files.

‘Ah it’s confirmed that there is no commercial morality!’

Cheongryeo’s fans couldn’t help but smile even as they imagined an aggro-tangled future. It was the magic of the stage.

The lyrics ‘I will soar’ were so full of spirit that it sounded like they were going to destroy everything and use it as a base.

-high up!

And the second verse.

This was the part where a dramatic melody suddenly came in and the vocal capabilities were emphasized.

Of course Park Moon-dae was in charge.

And this was originally the part played by Mirinae’s number one center.

‘She dances well too.’

Cheongryeo’s fan thought for a moment about the incredible all-purpose hexagonal character who was number one in season 4 and then reflexively felt a strange sense of anxiety when he saw Park Moon-dae on the screen.

Park Moon-dae has now become a fairly good dancer but many non-fans still have doubts about his dancing.

…The ‘POP☆CON’ when 〈Azusa〉 first appeared was so strong.

“Hmm.”

But that worry ended up being just a guess.

-Pain and wounds

I can never stop

〈THE WAY OUT〉

Can’t let us down

“oh.”

This is because Park Moon-dae’s dance was sticky.

The feelings I felt when I bent down and drew were unusual.

‘Are you good at it?’

The freshness was even greater because there were not many cases where the center was in the middle of such full-scale choreography in Testa’s title song formation.

Cheongryeo’s fan nodded perhaps wondering if it was a shame to be in a group with so many people who were good at dancing.

‘But what’s wrong with the dance line here… ’

Doesn’t he look like our child?

However before Cheongryeo’s fans felt that strange sense of déjà vu the song caught their attention first.

-We gonna fly high!

Against these chains

Say goodbye

It was obviously post-edited but it had a more dramatic development than the original song.

“Wow.”

The difference between the balance members and the vocal specialized members was felt to be significant.

‘You’re really good at it.’

Cheongryeo’s fan looked at the screen again and suddenly felt a strange attraction to Park Moon-dae’s shiny young face.

And at the same time anger rose up.

It was because of the shabby guy that reminded me of him.

‘Considering that the kids must have had a hard time because that incompetent bastard was crushing his butt…!’

That bastard didn’t have any talent so he was busy storing things up!

‘Knock off the all-fan policy! ‘I should have cursed him a long time ago and fixed his head!’

Cheongryeo’s fan gritted his teeth remembering the overseas fans who still leave comments like ‘V-Tik has 5 peopleㅠ’…

Anyway the stage I was watching was mesmerizing so my anger subsided quickly.

“phew.”

I was happy because it had been so long since Cheongryeo performed such a typical conceptual rookie idol song.

-We gonna find

〈THE WAY OUT〉

After her idol practically flew across the stage the song ended with Park Moon-dae briefly taking center stage for the final chorus.

“hmm.”

Considering the distribution of ability points I thought he should have been given a green light but Park Moon-dae was still quite impressive so the fan decided not to complain.

Of course it was possible to appreciate it because there was enough audience content.

“It’s fun…”

Cheongryeo’s fan was satisfied by saving the photos and GIFs of Cheongryeo while lying on the bed. It’s been a long time since we had this kind of meal without any sense of distance.

And I secretly saved a few of Park Mun-dae’s too.

‘Well it’s cute.’

The fan ended the day satisfactorily guessing things like ‘He seems to be close with the kids so he might sign with LeTi after the tester.’

And when the behind-the-scenes video was uploaded a few days later he was proud to see Cheongryeo teaching Park Moon-dae the moves and said ‘As expected my eyes weren’t wrong.’

* * *

-Mundae when did you become a dance lineist without your sister’s knowledge? As expected you’re a genius dog with an IQ of 300.

-I recommend the best Husky (Park Moon-dae GIF file of the chorus choreography scene)

-Park Moon-dae’s ability to digest concepts is truly unrivaled. It is rare to find a performer who can show accurate expression no matter where they are placed. And Park Moon-dae is definitely one of those few. (picture)

-Hey it’s not like he won first place in season 3 for nothing. The winners from the show’s heyday are different haha.

‘The reaction is okay.’

I nodded while monitoring the reaction of the first public performance.

Because it was a song from a rookie group promoted by T1 there were no comments like ‘Why did you choose a junior’s song?’

‘No matter who sees it it’s the production team’s influence.’

Moreover on the contrary there were not as many stories as expected about ‘T1 pushing Mirinae too much’.

‘Because the stage reviews are so good.’

Once the results were good and satisfactory the tendency to justify detailed processes was inevitable.

However because they had so many unrelated people grouped together to perform on stage there was a lot of fighting over who did better.

Of course usually the most popular guy wins or something like that.

– Look at Shin Cheong-ryeo’s face. It’s already been 10 years. I’d believe it if you said she debuted yesterday.

-Cheongryeo is still Gatgi

└He’s an old man at that age.

└You don’t have a good faceㅠ You’re an old idol… I feel bad. Fighting!

-Cheongryeo is a millennium stone

‘I don’t know for a thousand years but I might be an idol for fifty years… ’

I hesitantly took down the SNS page.

This time… I hate to admit it but the ‘most popular guy’ had the biggest role on stage so I have nothing to comment on.

‘Anyway it was successful.’

It is said that not only domestically but also separately uploaded WeTube videos are gaining views at an alarming rate.

The entertainment show will be popular Mirinae’s reputation will be raised and the company will be delighted.

‘Actually we didn’t lose anything either.’

As the overseas awareness of this entertainment show has steadily increased it has also helped to increase the overseas awareness of Testa members who were well-received as mentors in the beginning.

‘The special performance I appeared on this time was also very well received.’

And since Sun Ah-hyun is next she will probably continue this momentum.

Younglin was also in the lineup there.

Although not as good as Cheongryeo Sun Ah-hyun will also benefit from synergy since she has good overseas recognition.

Moreover the two are so far apart in age that there is no risk of unnecessary romance rumors.

‘It was a mixed group song.’

From what I heard they covered a mixed unit song from a popular agency that was quite popular overseas.

I know because I tried it on an impromptu stage once while on tour. It is a famous song and the atmosphere suits Sun Ah-hyun well so it will come out well.

At that moment the person who was monitoring my performance next to me asked me if the video was over.

“It’s radish. “You did a really great job…!”

“Are you okay with dancing?”

“Ugh! “Wow I like your strength!”

Oh I guess you’re sure.

“thanks. “I think you’ll do well too.”

“Is that so?”

Sun Ah-hyun laughed. I think I did a pretty good job.

‘As expected not changing was the right answer.’

Even if I don’t look at it I think I did well but I’ll have to monitor it next week.

While thinking that I turned off the smartphone I was looking at.

However contrary to expectations the process to get there was not as smooth as expected.

A few days later a second special stage trailer was uploaded.

[Post posted on Coolit Choi Ki-woon Inheart’s private account.jpg]

[Choi Gi-woon’s scaffolding is all taken away]

This is because the secret account of an unknown kid who performed this mixed unit song with Sun Ah-hyun was leaked to the world.

‘Honestly he was someone I didn’t even think about considering only Youngrin in the lineup.’

To be honest up to this point it was none of our business. Wouldn’t it be beneficial if he received less camera time because of the controversy?

The problem is that without fail people who use attention methods have begun to appear.

-Isn’t this the story of Sun Ah-hyun? (capture)

-Isn’t the timing perfect? It seems like a shooting day.

‘…It’s almost time for the cooldown time to come back.’

This meant that the time for pest extermination had arrived.
