---
title: "Chapter 218"
category: "book"
index: 217
section: "Chapter 218"
slug: "218"
---

# Chapter 218

In fact what was revealed in the robber’s private account was an obvious repertoire.

[Yeah I’m so fucking bored]

[When will it be done? (flaming emoticon)]

[I’m dying of annoyance with these things… Hugh Starr’s life and the weight of the crown]

This means that it is filled with lamentations and curses about their work like an office worker cursing his or her job.

Still if it had ended with him swearing at the company it would have ended with just ‘getting a little upset’ but this guy freely criticized his colleagues and even his fans.

Naturally the Internet went crazy.

-Resign you crazy bastard.

-LOL I’m sorry I foolishly spent all my time on you without realizing it was such a bother. Now live comfortably as a godbanin.

-Isn’t it wrong to leak someone else’s private account? It’s crazy as if everyone has never cursed twice while working. Yes swearing at celebrities is fun isn’t it?

└Are you a party? I’m going to retire by the time I leave a comment.

-I don’t think that momentary emotion is everything about the stone. Couldn’t I have been more careful? My head hurts so much…

-He had an attitude like X I knew it would be like this haha.

Everything from his past actions to his verbal mistakes were brought up and combined with posts on social media creating all kinds of speculations and suspicions.

-This seems to be a reference to the fans who came to the radio when they saw this. At that time the radio made them feel uncomfortable (video link)

-Shouldn’t we check out the kids of the same age who are close to this person? hmm…

-The life of a star is so crazy haha. It’s the day after the fansign. Wow. (Schedule capture)

Well half of it might have been speculation but people excitedly began to gather all kinds of details as if they couldn’t miss out on the once-ignited fun.

Meanwhile Sun Ah-hyeon was also pointed out.

[Club Jukdol is acting like he’s being nice again haha Was the water yesterday so good?]

When I checked the capture it turned out that this post was posted on the day I filmed a special stage with Sun Ah-hyun.

And it seems that Sun Ah-hyun was immediately singled out for the keywords ‘male’ ‘overlapping schedules’ and ‘pretending to be nice’.

-Honestly if you subtract all the cases there is only one left.

-This is so blatantly ㅅㅇㅎ? LOL. The schedule is perfect ㅅㅇㅎ. There isn’t even a schedule the day before the shoot. It’s creepy.

-First of all I’m putting it in neutral gear but honestly it’s a bit harsh. I’ve always managed my image too much that pretense…

Since Sun Ah-hyun has a very gentle image there was a small portion of public opinion that doubted it by saying ‘It can’t be real.’

In addition I’ve seen some posts being made about it almost as if it’s a fait accompli so I’m guessing this is intentional.

-Ah stuttering now you know that women are crazy you poor losersㅠㅠ

-It exploded. It exploded. Whoever has more information please bring it quickly and spray it haha.

-Whew I’m so happy that I can finally get rid of the gloomy horse disease (applause emoticon)

‘These are the bastards that have been around since Azusa.’

Those bastards who seem to have staked their lives on belittling or putting down Sun Ah-hyun.

Most of them left after &lt;Azusa&gt; ended or switched as soon as a new survival program of interest started but it seems that some are still left.

‘Others of course have persistent antis… but the ones that are attached to Sun Ah-hyun have a different vibe.’

It wasn’t just ‘I want her to fail’ there were a lot of bastards who were obsessed with ruining Sun Ah-hyun’s image and destroying her spirit.

As Sun Ah-hyun receives counseling her attitude at public appearances becomes less passive so it seems even more damning.

‘What’s the point in guessing what crazy people think?’

The answer was to file a complaint but it would be better to resolve the matter quickly once it has occurred.

I rubbed my chin with my hand.

‘…It shouldn’t be difficult to organize.’

If we just leave out evidence that contradicts the ‘circumstantial suspicion’ these guys are talking about it will clear up the public opinion of fans.

Right now Sun Ah-hyun’s fans are fiercely beating up public opinion in places that are not under the water and cannot be touched.

-LOL It’s such bullshit that it’s embarrassing. A club for a girl who knits and embroiders with a scrubber. LOL.

-Wow there are a lot of complaints. I’m following the PDF. Get ready to meet the legal team of a large company~

-Ahyun is a girl who doesn’t have any social ties outside of the group so this is crazy???

-Oh why don’t you go to the club? My kid is a professional kid who doesn’t have a controversial schedule and punk attitude that deceives fans. Haha.

I really liked how they worked to divide public opinion so that there would be no problem even if they actually went to the club. Of course there’s no way someone like Sun Ah-hyun could be a club killer.

Here for defense there are a lot of things to post as evidence such as news about moving at the time roommate content etc.

It’s before there’s a lot of talk so if you post something within today it will be sorted out right away.

However Sun Ah-hyun’s mental state is something to consider.

‘There is a possibility of being scared or panicking.’

Due to Seon Ah-hyun’s personality she won’t even try to rest properly so it’s even possible that the counseling she’s received so far will go to waste.

‘…It might be worth checking out the next activity.’

My temples are already throbbing.

After all it would be right to proceed quickly and finish it at a level that doesn’t bother Sun Ah-hyun’s eyes.

I immediately called the company and tried to control the timing of content release.

But inevitably a problem arose there.

“Ahyeon made unnecessary noises while filming. Wouldn’t it be better to just reveal it now?… Ah it’s not finished yet. Then even if it means spending a little more money we should push it to be completed by midnight…”

“Mumundaeya?”

“…!”

Of course Sun Ah-hyun came to the veranda to look for me.

This was the downside of camp life. Damn it.

* * *

“I thought it would be good to keep this next to the bed…”

“Um okay.”

The reason Sun Ah-hyun came to see me was to deal with the interior design of the room. I took the dog doll that Sun Ah-hyun gave me and put it aside.

‘…Should I have taken more into consideration that this guy was my roommate?’

Anyway there was nothing I could do since I had already heard the story.

‘Seon Ah-hyun is the type of person who thinks a lot.’

If you don’t hear the exact facts there is a high chance that you will assume a worse situation.

‘Turn lightly.’

I spoke in a tone as comfortable as possible to Seon Ah-hyun who was stiff.

“It’s no big deal. “Some idol is getting criticized and since it has nothing to do with you I thought it would be better to prevent them from getting involved as a precaution.”

“I see…”

“okay.”

“okay.”

Sun Ah-hyeon nodded her head quietly.

‘I don’t think it will go on like this.’

“By the way.”

I thought so.

“What kind of story is this…? Just because my story is coming out…”

Did you hear that far?

Anyway don’t hesitate and speak lightly.

“It’s nonsense. “I was wondering if you were going to a club.”

“Big club??”

“uh. Everyone doesn’t believe it but they are saying that the dates are similar. So I wanted to show you that you did something else that day.”

“Ah aha…”

Seon Ah-hyun calmly agreed this time too.

‘Is it over?’

I thought it would be okay to just stop using my smartphone for a few days so I wouldn’t have to look for strange noises.

“It’s not like it’s a big deal so you don’t have to look for it.”

However Sun Ah-hyun’s words did not end with an agreement.

“Over there. “So you’ve searched all of the gates…?”

If I said I didn’t look for it here it would sound like the situation has grown to the point where I’m seeing this nonsense everywhere.

I shrugged.

“Well while monitoring there are times when I go a little deeper.”

“Hmm.”

And Sun Ah-hyun paused as if she was watching but eventually continued talking again.

“You know what?”

“uh.”

Sun Ah-hyun clenched her hands.

“Ah from now on can’t we just stop looking for people who say things like that?”

“…!”

“It’s so hard. Those words… if you see them often they don’t become dull they become more difficult…”

“…hmm.”

I’m a little embarrassed. I never thought I would hear something like this not even during a lull but in a situation where I can immediately benefit.

I crossed my arms.

“Wouldn’t you feel better if you responded quickly?”

“It’s okay.”

Sun Ah-hyeon spoke quite firmly.

“That’s not true and not everyone believes that…!”

“…!”

“Ho if there are more people who believe that way I think it would be okay to talk about it then.”

“…”

“So… I hope you don’t worry or care too much.”

It was an unbelievable statement coming from Sun Ah-hyun who had said in “Azusa” that “I’m used to it because I’ve seen so much criticism.”

Is this where the power of steadily receiving counseling comes from?

‘Amazing.’

Thanks to that after keeping my mouth shut for a moment Sun Ah-hyun was the first to open her mouth.

“I… I feel like I get anxious when I look for a car.”

“Is that so?”

“Ugh. I didn’t do it before but somehow everyone seems to believe that… I’m worried that no one will listen to my explanation…”

“…”

Is this an experience?

“I was worried that even if the explanation came through it would become a problem again later and cause a big problem… I kept checking and worrying.”

I think the experience is correct.

‘Is it a peer relationship problem?’

I listened silently. Sun Ah-hyeon swallowed her saliva.

“Ha but the likelihood of something like that actually happening is very low right…?”

“that’s right.”

“Uh huh!”

Sun Ah-hyun’s expression became relaxed at the immediate answer.

“That’s why I don’t want you to worry too much about your doorstep!”

“…”

Wow. I feel like I should be a bit sarcastic when I’m told to restrain myself even when I’m helping but I don’t even feel like it because it’s such a straightforward argument.

‘Are you worried or something?’

I uncrossed my arms and chuckled.

“Well I don’t look at it that much these days. “This time I did it because I happened to see it.”

Still after hearing similar words from Cha Yu-jin last time I stopped trying not to miss every single thing.

Sun Ah-hyun’s face brightened slightly.

“I see!”

“uh. And actually this is kind of fun.”

“…! “Are you having fun…?”

“Not just looking. “It tastes so good when it’s completely swept away.”

“Ah aha.”

Sun Ah-hyun shook her head intently. My pupils seem to be shaking but I guess it’s just my mood.

“Oh okay. “If it’s a college entrance exam…”

“okay. “I’ll do it in moderation.”

“Ugh.”

In fact Sun Ah-hyun became calmer after hearing that her stress was relieved.

‘Once we became roommates we started talking about all kinds of things.’

And only then did the standard response come out.

“And… Mundae. “Thank you so much for taking care of these things.”

I shrugged.

“Well this time I knew it anyway so I just responded.”

“Oh okay… but! If other people are having a hard time it’s okay if you don’t do it…”

“No no one else will.”

“Huh?”

There’s something I’ve been thinking about ever since I received the reply ‘I think it will take some more time to edit.’

“You and I do it.”

“Uh…?”

And that means that on that evening when my schedule was empty I diligently spent four or five hours glued to my laptop.

Thanks to this I was able to upload the content as scheduled at midnight.

Of course it was not the official content I discussed with the company earlier.

* * *

Fans felt that Testa used his SNS account effectively.

Photos and recent updates were uploaded almost every day and occasionally members would bicker or compete in uploading cute scenes.

But it wasn’t that common for a video to be uploaded.

It was also the first time since the surprise release of a fan song that a fairly long video rather than a short video was uploaded.

-Video length 6 minutes and 27 seconds?

-Who is this filial son?

– Hahahahaha I don’t know just click on it.

People quickly clicked on the video of the text which did not express anything in particular but simply said ‘Good night’.

“…!”

And I reflexively smiled broadly at the scene that came out.

-Hull Vlog

-I love you Heo Eok

What was played was a crude video of the members sitting freely in an unfamiliar living room!

There were even small subtitles included.

[Popcorn Lover Cha Yu-jin]

[Yum]

Instead of roommate content or moving content that did not fit the schedule Park Moon-dae quickly edited and uploaded personal photos he had taken.

He also didn’t forget to aim at deliberately using a 90’s film camera style filter to make the shooting date and time appear.

[19\:11\:21]

[Today’s evening duty]

[Seon Ah-hyun is not allowed to approach the fire]

In the dark yet warm old colors.

The members chatted while eating dinner with the kitchen in the background where their belongings had not yet been completely unpacked.

Also things like playing games among themselves looking at the camera saying V or saying hello were edited out briefly.

[Pajamas were comfortable]

[Good night!]

Even the sight of him brushing his teeth or going to sleep.

The languid BGM created a comfortable atmosphere.

The emotion which felt quite raw even without the filter was somehow different from the official video content.

-So cute

-The kids are still wearing the animal pajamas they wore when they debuted I love them

People enjoyed this friendly content that felt a bit personal.

Of course the effect of the imposition was steadily achieved.

-That’s not the dormitory over there.

-What did you go to MT for??

-Awesome they must have really moved!!

-So is this a roommate game? It’s so tantalizing to reveal it so quickly.

-Is this really a photo of the door? (Capture of Moondae cut seen by turning the camera)

-Please let’s be Mundaeng Chagoyoung’s roommate one more time. It’s my dream.

It also kept expectations alive with the trailer feel of two content directors and roommate games that have not been released yet.

Of course the most important goal was also immediately achieved.

[Ahyeon’s embroidery is completed]

Since not a single member appeared on screen in all time zones Sun Ah-hyun’s innocence was naturally proven.

Because it was raining intermittently there was no way I could go to the club and back in 30 minutes.

-ㅅㅇㅎ What happened to the club? ㅠㅠ I think that’s right?

└Yes at that time he was doing a Harley gun to commemorate the move to his dorm.

The doubts that had been suppressed due to the fans’ push were met once again and subsided.

-Smart bastard

-Haha Gommer designed it?

-Are you covering up the club guy? I didn’t learn anything from Piktik.

It was a time when I realized that it was no longer a common idea behind the scenes and was struggling in a meaningless manner.

Once again a wave came to push away the useless gossip.

-Hey there’s something on WeTube too.

-What day is today?

-I finished sleeping.

An hour after the Vlog was released.

Around 1 a.m. a notification appeared on T1 Star’s official WeTube channel.

[TeSTAR ‘Enchanted?’ [Concept Film]

In the black thumbnail Ryu Cheong-woo wearing an outfit somewhere between the two music videos “Traveling” and “Spring Out” was sitting with pine trees in the background.

-omg

It was a concept film to connect the worldview that Testa had prepared to conclude this activity.

What was originally supposed to be released three days later was brought out by Park Moon-dae through a group meeting. This was possible because the editing had already been completed.

It was a blatant volume offensive.

Thanks to this the fans’ reaction was like this.

-Suddenly?

-I don’t know what it is but thank you guys.

-Oh it’s a good restaurant. They serve a lot of food too.

The moment when fans excited by the outpouring of content click on the video in a hurry.

“…!”

The atmosphere of the video instantly engulfed the screen causing their lightly heated hearts to sink.
