---
title: "Chapter 219"
category: "book"
index: 218
section: "Chapter 219"
slug: "219"
---

# Chapter 219

The video started with Liu Chengwu sitting motionless under a pine tree.

[…]

The pine forest in the background was a clear night. The moment when the bright blue eye light disappears beneath the eyelids.

Peeing-

The screen flickered merging the past and future as if reminiscing.

A dazzling day. It was the moment when Ryu Cheong-wu who had sent the arrow retracted the bow with a smile.

Suddenly the cut changed to an expressionless Liu Chengwu holding a black musket and bullets came out from the muzzle.

bang!

And the scene where the fired bullet was slowly reflected suddenly changed to a cut of a gold coin of similar size bouncing in front of Lee Se-jin’s face.

Tiding-

And Lee Se-jin’s hand which was flicking the gold coin was suddenly transformed into a cut of the fancy hand movements used to dance in the palace.

Swish.

Next the five-colored fabric fluttering in the air turned into a faded string and Park Mun-dae who was tying the string like a bracelet was revealed.

Cuts that looked like something out of a music video were pieced together like a stream of consciousness and passed across the screen.

The melody of the train arranged in a slow classical style was used as BGM.

-??? what

-I think it was taken during a walk-in and a shoot-out.

-Awaiting interpretation

Although people were confused by the unexpected video they primarily enjoyed the excellent visual beauty and the members’ new cuts.

It should have looked like a collection of B cuts but a hint of symbolism was felt through the exquisite arrangement of the cuts.

And as things progressed a little further some people noticed the composition.

-These teasers are posted in reverse order.

└Huh

└Crazy Sooreum

That’s right.

The members’ cuts appeared backwards from the order in which each solo song appeared in the teaser.

It wasn’t just once either.

When the cut of Sun Ah-hyeon reaching out to the surface of the water which appeared at the very beginning of the teaser appeared it changed into a cut of Ryu Cheong-woo spinning the musket and snatching it away.

The beginning and the end are connected.

The cuts continued as if the reminiscence was continuing.

Whi profit!

Over and over again.

Faster and with a tremendous sense of speed.

The artistic cuts that were running like a chase stopped as suddenly as they had started.

Click.

The moment when Cha Yu-jin held the hand of Ryu Cheong-woo who was trapped and lifted him up and a close-up of the citizenship application form in his hand was shown.

[Ding-.]

Suddenly the cut was fixed.

And instead the face of Bae Se-jin who was standing behind Cha Yu-jin suddenly appeared.

With relaxed fixed close-ups like in a movie.

[…]

That face revealing thoughts seemed to indicate who the subject of the reminiscence expressed in the numerous cuts just before was.

[Wahahahah!]

Eventually Bae Se-jin slowly moved away leaving behind the members who were excitedly running around holding citizenship applications.

The steps became faster and faster. The sound of laughter faded away.

Crash!

And soon the place where Bae Se-jin was standing changed.

It was the huge window through which he overlooked this gorgeous city in the last music video.

The vast and exotic city was still the same.

However there was a document attached to the window that was not shown in detail in the previous music video.

-Guidelines for responding to requests for citizenship certificates (Yokai)

On top of the crumpled document were numerous red circles indicating ‘active refusal in case of emergency.’…

Meaning that the citizenship certificate was a useless bait.

[after.]

Bae Se-jin sighed and opened the document.

Then with great hesitation I looked at the documents and out the window. In a corner outside the window the still excited members briefly passed by…

So his conflict did not last long.

[…]

The theme melody of ‘Spring out’ was played by a single string instrument.

Bae Se-jin slowly threw the documents on the floor. Then he took an old cloth out of his pocket and began to cover his eyes.

Just like when traveling.

A natural and clear voice narration flowed above it.

[If I were born again]

[I want to be born as a person like you.]

Bae Se-jin on the screen stretched out her hand toward the window without hesitation with her eyes closed.

Slow close-ups and increasingly heightened music.

And the moment my hand touches it.

Tuk.

The music was distorted and the vision was reversed.

Shhh.

Darkness and white noise.

And the screen came back to life.

Instead of Bae Se-jin the black-haired Park Moon-dae stood in his school uniform and took his hand away from the window.

It was school.

He turned around looked at the camera and smiled.

The sunset was setting.

[…]

It was a very familiar scene.

And then I heard a very familiar chime sound.

♬♪♩♪- ♬♪♬♪- ♪♩-

Magical boy’s melody.

With that the screen disappeared as if melting.

[Still enchanted]

[See you in that dream]

Leaving only the text behind.

That’s how the video ended.

-??????

-What did I just see?

Of course after that Testa’s fandom was completely covered by a huge worldview connection story for about three days.

* * *

“That’s great.”

Releasing personal daily life and official worldview videos in succession was also extremely effective. I skimmed through social media posts full of all kinds of theories.

Let’s see there are all sorts of stories coming out.

-The taste of a parallel world

-I think it has a kind of Inception-like structure. A dream within a dream? It probably looks like a plane from “Training Train” “Magical Boy” “Baramy”)

-If you think about it didn’t all the music video scenes strangely overlap during the picnic? Was that really a piece of cake…?

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠMy kids wanted to be people not monsters. But since they were originally monsters they kept showing off their supernatural powers.

-Do you think the worldview will return with the next album Magical Boy? (Kimchi soup drinking

Perhaps because it was made so meaningfully people seemed to be more excited to be able to talk about it in various aspects starting with Bae Se-jin’s role and up to the order of the worldview.

‘I’m glad it seems like it’s fun but… ’

Of course there are many fans who don’t really like the worldview itself. These people must have been a bit indifferent these past few days.

-Guys let’s not freak out.

-It’s gone too far but how far are you planning on taking it?

-Just put on a suit and do a sexy concept. If you T1 bastards play around with the world view it’s endless.

-I thought it was a group with a lot of concepts but I was a little tired because the scale was so big.

-I need to see Moon Dae brush his teeth one more time.

So for this purpose moving and roommate game content will be released soon. Then within a few days the fan community will run smoothly.

‘I don’t think there’s any more story to tell about Sun Ah-hyun.’

If you do this I think you will kill two birds with one stone.

I shrugged my shoulders checked the inside of the car and immediately took down the tab on my smartphone.

‘Well I guess I’ll stop watching soon.’

I’ve already told you something so I’m consciously planning to not watch any stories being talked about under the water for a while.

…In fact when we had a short meeting to solve the contents of this world view a little faster a related story came up.

– So… I decided not to use the Internet much from now on…!

-good job!

-okay. I was a little worried because it seemed like Mundae was visiting too often.

-I heard that limiting the time you use electronic devices is good for your health. Great choice!

Raebin Kim seemed to have misunderstood it a bit… Anyway since it was like this even Keun Sejin just shrugged his shoulders with an expression like ‘what can I do?’

I had no idea that these people were so unanimously concerned about my mental health.

‘If anyone sees him they’ll think he’s a reclusive loner who’s addicted to the Internet to a dangerous level.’

Anyway that means I had no choice but to nod in the end.

‘I could live by watching animal videos on WeTube for a few days.’

I thought to myself and logged onto WeTube.

Because they did not leave viewing records and refused to collect related information no algorithm was created. I was thinking of just sorting them by popularity and seeing what they were like.

…But somehow this video was ranked 5th most popular in real time.

[Testa’s big picture? Discovering the route that puts Americans in K-pop ant hell!]

…The thumbnail says ‘Azusa?’ I saw Westerners holding their heads with speech bubbles saying ‘What is a worldview?’

The aggro of Gukbong was so overflowing that I was almost suffocating.

However looking at the YouTuber’s name I’ve seen him a few times.

‘The content itself was composed quite well.’

You can roughly think of him as someone who summarizes the overseas Internet in a biased way.

“…”

Then as for real-time popular videos… it doesn’t really matter if you watch them right? Isn’t this a thumbnail that even people who aren’t interested should look at at least once?

‘Looking at you it looks like you’ve been praising me.’

There is no need to get hit. I immediately came to a valid conclusion and clicked on the video.

Let’s skip the obvious filler story that starts with ‘Hello WeTube viewers’.

Let’s play at 1.5x speed from the main point.

[Everyone in the last video I told you why Testa’s popularity in the English and American markets has increased.]

[The interest that went from the survival audition meme to ‘Idol Inc.’ was linked to the number of views of the ‘Spring out’ music video.]

They are making a fuss because the ‘reminds me of the old days’ statement became a hot topic because it was combined with an East Asian meme.

[This Asian steampunk worldview thrilled the hearts of many good people. And what was thrown here is the new K-pop entertainment &lt;K-NOW&gt;.]

[It was said that it was made by the production team of &lt;Azusa&gt; and it was even a self-produced entertainment show of Net Plus that was highly accessible. Naturally Americans who became interested in the Testa-Azusa line began watching this program.]

It’s not like ‘rumbling’. There was an influx of people who were interested in KPOP to the point where they even watched ‘Azusa’.

The moment I thought it was too obvious the next sentence that was quite useful came out.

[But it doesn’t end here. 〈K-NOW〉 was a bigger hit locally than expected!]

Oh this is right.

I heard that the Azusa production team’s hell K-pop camp has become quite successful in the United States.

That said it did well considering it was produced by Net Plus itself so it wasn’t at the level of a truly popular channel but it did become a talking point for the general public on the Internet.

Of course this YouTuber completely omitted that story.

Still the next words were quite sharp.

[The hit entertainment show attracted a wide range of public viewers and this is where the oldies who rode the Testa-Azusa line triggered by memes come into play!]

[This is because they highly recommended &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; and Testa to the American general public.]

“…!”

Oh this is a bit new.

‘Was there such an analysis?’

I thought it just benefited from overseas recognition through entertainment but it seems there was some movement within it as well.

[Viewers who were impressed by 〈K-NOW〉 ended up watching Testa’s music video and 〈Idol Inc.〉 and were introduced to KPOP!]

[It can be seen as a smart and influential move that not only increases the interest of existing KPOP fans but also the KPOP pie itself.]

The production team said that it was not their intention and that the company did not even take this into consideration so I will bet that the settlement will be made this quarter.

Because we haven’t even drawn a picture up to this point.

However the YouTuber seems to be completely confident in his theory.

[So what is the big picture of Testa?]

[Even just yesterday a new video of Testa’s world view was uploaded. The video connects the chronology of Testa’s activities to date.]

[Eventually there was even an indicator that their debut song ‘Magical Boy’ was receiving an influx of people!]

[※Based on video production date※]

…Is that so?

The graph attached to the video was a bit exaggerated but it sounded correct.

[And last Monday Testa wrapped up this activity and went on a break. What other moves will you surprise us with in your next album?]

[Today’s video ends here.]

Hmm.

I rubbed my chin.

There is a lot of exaggeration and fuss but even if you strip it all away and look at it there is some discourse worth considering.

‘The next album will be important again.’

It hasn’t been like that before but this time too we should choose a song as the title that will attract attention from the fan base… and that will be popular both at home and abroad.

It’s nice to grow steadily without stagnating but there’s no time to catch your breath.

‘Should we look at it in more detail?’

Isn’t it wrong to go beyond the needs of existing fans just to create new fans? The more data the better.

So it was a moment when I reflexively opened the Internet tab and started searching in detail.

“That’s radish. “Search?”

“…! “Just a little.”

Sun Ah-hyeon continues speaking in a low voice.

“Oh I decided not to watch it… Oh no. If you want to see Mundae go see it. “But I don’t want you to see too much…”

“…”

“Hey I promised…”

Are you coming?

“okay.”

“Ugh!”

I turned off my smartphone. And I sighed inwardly.

‘Is there anything else to do?’

Since it will soon be a period of inactivity there is no need to keep track of the schedule. Why are my hands and feet itching?

It was then.

Grumble!

Suddenly the smartphone vibrated and a text message arrived.

“…?”

[Information on precautions for applicants for the 1st qualification examination in 202X]

Oh right.

Come to think of it I applied for this during my inactivity period.

‘I guess I’ll just take a quick look.’

I grumpily put down my smartphone.

For your information I didn’t know until now that the people sitting next to me had also seen this text message.
