---
title: "Chapter 220"
category: "book"
index: 219
section: "Chapter 220"
slug: "220"
---

# Chapter 220

To be honest I had no great intentions in taking the qualification exam.

I just thought it wouldn’t hurt to have at least a high school diploma just in case something happens.

‘There’s no way those people who criticize me for being a middle school graduate even though I used my brain like that in entertainment will quiet down just because I passed the qualification exam.’

So when the time came I just solved the past workbook and finished it without thinking too much like I was renewing my TOEIC exam.

I even prepared for the civil service exam after graduating from college but I thought I wouldn’t be able to pass the qualification exam.

And just as I thought when I looked at the scores on the previous exam I was easily passed.

“I just need to leave quietly.”

This was the conclusion I reached after covering the graded workbook.

Activities ended yesterday and it wasn’t at the level of a vacation yet but it was leisurely enough that the official schedule came out every other day or two.

Yes I will have to prepare for the next album again after resting for about two weeks but this means that there will be no problem with taking the qualification exam the day after tomorrow.

I crossed my arms.

‘Let’s not make a fuss.’

There was nothing good about the news of my qualification exam being lost to public opinion.

Unexpected situations are only increasing ranging from unnecessary public sympathy to the worst case where a stalker becomes attached and causes a nuisance in the exam room.

Since monitoring is already restricted wouldn’t it be just a nuisance?

‘There’s no need to tell the others.’

It’s our long-awaited day off so let’s each play on our own.

[Like these damn KPOP bands!]

“Whahahaha!”

Immediately outside the door the sound of Cha Yu-jin bursting into laughter was loud.

I think I’ve been binge-watching 〈K-NOW〉 since episode 4 and thanks to that I was able to effectively practice for a mock exam in the noise.

However I don’t know why Cha Yu-jin bursts out laughing.

‘The mood changed a bit from episode 4.’

Unlike the beginning where it felt like ‘troublesome non-responsive fanatics with a KPOP hell camp’ from episode 4 onwards the story of the participants was highlighted and a consensus was formed.

[Since my parents passed away I haven’t really felt like other people ‘care’ about me.]

[I really need the prize money. For my family.]

And naturally the editing of the participants’ attitudes changed to match the atmosphere.

Unlike before when I was in pain at camp and was thrown out like an extra villain by the KPOP bombing I showed that I felt a real sense of reward by completing the stage one by one.

[I don’t think I’ve ever lived my life pushing myself 100% like this.]

[They are real. Factory-style training? Everyone tells me to eat shit! The effort is real and they train like athletes train!]

Moreover we even formed a consensus with KPOP mentors.

For example ‘Park Moon-dae’s’ family history was also used a bit by interweaving it with the participant’s story.

Oh as if the scene mentioning me was passing by I heard a sound outside the door.

[My parents passed away and I lived as a junkie who did drugs and other things but my mentor went to an audition and won.]

[This really means a lot to me.]

It was just a scene that gave tips on how to find the camera during a performance but it was well combined with the interview.

Maybe it’s because overseas people haven’t felt it’s boring yet but it seems to be working well with the impressive new wave code so it seems to be gaining more popularity.

‘I’ll share some with the cast so… shall we pass on?’

Now that I think about it I’ve already heard that season 2 production has been confirmed.

‘I hope there will be a lot of inflow for the next album.’

I grumpily opened the door and came out. Cha Yu-jin immediately turns her head flashes her eyes and shouts.

“brother! “My brother is an amazing wonderful person!”

“Oh thank you.”

He looks like he’s going to shout ‘love yourself’ at any moment. He is indeed American.

I went to the kitchen poured some water and asked.

“Has everyone gone out?”

“I don’t know! “I’m awake now!”

It’s 2 PM and I’m really proud to say this.

Well during my active days I slept for three to four hours so even if I sleep for twelve hours for a few days I’m considered lazy.

“Hyung let’s play games!”

“Later.”

“Do it now!”

“You saw something. “You have to report everything.”

“aha.”

One term has passed. There’s a half chance that I’ll forget that I said let’s play a game while watching that entertainment show.

I sat down at the table and drank water slowly. After a while Bae Se-jin quietly came out from the next room.

“Did you still sleep? “So did I!”

“Oh no I just read a book.”

“no way.”

Bae Se-jin looked at ease for the first time in a while.

After being in the same room as Big Sejin I sneaked out to the living room and saw him sitting in the corner but I guess he’s not in the room right now.

‘Now that I think about it Sun Ah-hyun wasn’t in the room either.’

Even if Keun Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo are like that Kim Rae-bin and Sun Ah-hyun who don’t go out often also went out so it was indeed an inactive period.

“…excuse me.”

“yes. Would you like some water?”

“uh? Uh…”

I gave water to Bae Se-jin who walked into the kitchen.

Bae Se-jin was holding a glass of water in his hand with a puzzled look on his face and then asked without even drinking it.

“…Don’t you have anything to say?”

“…? “Not really.”

I guess I wasn’t expecting an offer to change rooms.

Sorry but favors end with water.

“Um okay.”

Bae Se-jin seemed to be twitching his eyebrows but he calmly drank some water and went back to his room without saying anything.

‘What is it?’

There was a hint that he had something to say but looking at the atmosphere it didn’t seem serious so I passed it on.

‘If you’re scared you’ll say it yourself.’

It’s the beginning of my inactivity period so let’s get some rest.

I shrugged and put away my water cup. Since I had nothing else to do I thought I would solve the problem one more time.

“brother! “I saw it all!”

…And after a while I played a few games with Cha Yu-jin who hadn’t forgotten the game even after watching the entertainment show.

To be honest I was bored because I had nothing else to do so it was worth the hassle.

[How about playing Hover Knight? Last time my friend said it was fun!]

“Do whatever you want.”

When I think back I shouldn’t have skipped it over like this.

Because two mornings later I received something I never imagined.

* * *

The morning of the day I take the qualification exam.

I set the alarm to vibrate just so I could wake up.

‘Everyone is probably sleeping.’

I quietly got out of bed and went to the bathroom to wash my face.

But when I came out of the bathroom I saw that the bed on the other side was empty.

‘…?’

Where did Sun Ah-hyun go?

‘Did I use the bathroom here and go out to the living room?’

Thinking the best guess I put on my street clothes and carefully opened the door.

The first thing I felt was… the smell. Quite a savory smell of food.

And then a loud voice was heard.

“Park Moon-dae came out!”

“…?!”

When I looked up I saw that the bright living room and kitchen were filled with my housemates.

‘what’s this.’

Just as I was trying to think about what day it was today Keun Se-jin approached me and slapped his palm.

“Oh my gosh I heard you’re taking an exam today!”

“…!!”

Big Sejin was grinning. And when I look around other guys are no different.

It means that knowing everything is a given.

“How did you know?”

Big Sejin shook his head with exaggerated pity.

“Mundae let’s not forget that we live in a group… The smartphone screen you see… you can clearly see the people next to you.”

“…!!”

“How can you go through such a serious situation? “Have you not even said a word to the members? Isn’t that too heartless?”

“It’s not a college entrance exam so there’s no need to say it…”

“Such sad words!”

“that’s right! “I’m sorry!”

“…”

These guys are deliberately pretending to be sad. Did you have fun?

The only reasonable explanation came from Ryu Cheong-wu.

“Since everyone has time and is staying at the dorm anyway… I thought it would be nice to at least give them a surprise send-off. haha.”

“…yes.”

This… was a bit unexpected. You don’t have to do that.

“Considering my brother’s wish to take the test quietly we decided to refrain from seeing him off at the test site.”

That is an accurate judgment.

But it didn’t end here.

“So… we made this together.”

Sun Ah-hyeon who was standing last quickly moved the ladle and set the dishes on the table.

What was inside was… chicken porridge.

“…”

“I want to make chicken soup! But everyone was against it!”

“I thought it would be good to be familiar with it since it’s before the poetry exam.”

“Chicken soup is delicious…”

The burnt chicken soup that looks like it came straight from hell comes to mind.

It’s almost unbelievable that it evolved into this perfect chicken porridge through two processes.

“Ahyeon worked hard… and Sejin I mean Bae Sejin did a lot. “Out of all of us the only ones who know how to cook are Raevin and Sejin.”

“It seemed like Bae Se-jin definitely had more knowledge than me!”

“Not to that extent.”

Bae Se-jin cleared his throat. okay. Raebin Kim and you are both having a hard time.

‘You managed to make it.’

I was speechless as I looked at the delicious looking chicken porridge that seemed to have been made with a lot of care.

I’m a bit… embarrassed but I also feel sorry.

“How are you Mundae? I’m so thankful that I’m speechless.” “I know everything enjoy it~”

Excellent. The feeling of regret disappears.

“What did you do?”

“Hey we all went grocery shopping together~ If you order delivery you’ll get caught. “Where could the ingredients have fallen from thin air?”

That’s why everyone was suddenly absent yesterday. I think they managed to put it in the refrigerator without being noticed.

“How do you understand?”

I sighed and eventually smiled bitterly.

“Okay thank you.”

“…!”

“Thank you everyone.”

“Thank you.”

“Eat quickly!”

Anyway I ended up sitting among these grinning guys and eating chicken porridge.

“…Does it taste good?”

“yes. “It’s delicious.”

I thought you were pretending.

However I didn’t know what else I would hear if I left it so I cleaned it out.

…It was also something I was thankful for.

“Would you like another bowl?”

“it’s okay. “Big Sejin don’t take pictures.”

“Huh? Don’t you want to share this important moment with your Moon University fans? The members worked so hard on cooking~”

“…”

Yes do whatever you want.

It’s not like they’re giving notice right now that they’re taking the qualification exam but it would be okay for Park Moon-dae to post later that he got breakfast.

“Do you want to pack the rest for lunch?”

“Um okay. thank you.”

Actually I roughly prepared something to eat for lunch yesterday… but I guess I can eat that when I get back.

I left the dormitory at a reasonable time carrying a thermal container filled with chicken porridge and seeing the others off.

“Get full marks~”

“Eat something delicious for dinner!”

I felt strange.

‘Even when I took the college entrance exam I brought a packed lunch with me.’

I never thought I’d be eating something like this while taking the GED in someone else’s body.

‘…I’ll do well on the test.’

I think it would be really funny if I didn’t pass like this so it’s unlikely to happen but I’ll have to pay more attention.

After putting on the mask and ball cap I went out.

The test site wasn’t far and I could get there easily and quietly by taxi.

And of course no one was interested in me. If I had requested security personnel from the company I would have been criticized for interfering with the exam.

‘There are more than one person dressed similar to me.’

There were so many different age groups that people wearing normal clothes like me were buried.

Thinking that I had done well not to leak the news unnecessarily I sat down at my desk and took out a pen.

It was a test that had been a long time coming.

* * *

Inside a qualification examination center in Seoul.

As Park Moon-dae said different people of different ages were sitting at their respective desks.

However there was something that Park Moon-dae did not expect.

What’s more there were people who were such huge fans that they could identify certain idols just by looking at their bones.

‘Bar Park Mun-dae??’

That’s right.

A test taker who was putting his bag on the seat behind Park Moon-dae’s desk froze when he saw a familiar lantern in front of him.

That skeleton that hairline on the back of the neck.

All of the behind-the-scenes images of Park Moon-dae’s fancams that I had looked up countless times were reflexively overlapped.

And then an instinct-level realization hit me in the head!

‘Wait a minute I’m inactive now… And I dropped out of high school! ‘Couldn’t you come to take the test??’

Thoughts came flooding in like a bombardment. Of course the test taker’s ego was also screaming that it was an absurd delusion.

“…”

However after a while the test taker who was freed from the whirlpool of all kinds of thoughts had a hard time thinking.

‘You have to be careful!’

The possibility of that happening is extremely slim but even if Park Moon-dae is right it’s rude and even if he’s not it’s rude. In any case you should never interfere with the exam!

The test taker with a firm resolve carefully sat down at his desk.

And so the thrilling qualification exam began.
