---
title: "Chapter 221"
category: "book"
index: 220
section: "Chapter 221"
slug: "221"
---

# Chapter 221

Even as the bell rang and test papers were distributed three or four sentences appeared and disappeared simultaneously in the examinee’s mind.

‘Now that I think about it Mundae probably has silver hair now but black hair? what? Is it a wig? Isn’t it also a literary school?’

‘Even though I’m not a graduate student I feel like I’m born with a sense of wisdom when I see someone who feels so similar to me.’

‘for a moment! Won’t your face be visible when checking your identity!?’

‘Uh oh! yes! When I turn the test papers around I look back… no. The supervisor will share it with you.’

Some of the assumptions were correct but some were incorrect.

For example Park Moon-dae used colored spray to cover up his silver hair and when checking his identity he slightly lowered his mask to show his face to the supervisor.

However he was not clearly visible to the test takers sitting behind him and because the supervisor was an older man he was unable to recognize Park Moon-dae right away and remained calm.

‘Ugh!’

So the test taker in the back seat had no choice but to scream internally tormented by frustration and curiosity.

However an unexpected opportunity came soon after.

“Now please give me back the test paper.”

“…!”

This is because the test paper was distributed by the person in front of you!

And the test taker… finally saw it.

‘Huh.’

The man in the front seat turned back just slightly handed me the test paper in an instant and then straightened his posture.

Moreover even though he wore a mask the test taker was confident.

Those wide horizontal eyes with clear lines!

‘Baba Parkmundae!’

Park Moon-dae was right!

The test taker received the test paper with the feeling of almost fainting.

My heart was pounding so hard that I couldn’t tell if I was receiving an album or taking a qualification exam at the fan signing event.

No I have never won a fan signing event!

“You can start solving the problems after the bell rings.”

‘Please save me.’

The test taker shouted inwardly without a subject but thanks to his extensive experience taking mock exams he opened the test paper and began to solve the problems.

However due to the shock my head turned white and I could not see anything.

Still after a while.

‘…If you solve it quickly you can see Moon Dae’s back that much sooner!’

A strange idea gave a wrong realization to the test taker who was unable to raise his head and had his nose buried in the test paper.

So the test taker began to solve the problem furiously. It was the moment when failing the qualification exam was one step away.

‘Ugh!’

And to Park Moon-dae’s surprise it wasn’t just the test takers in the back seat who were aware of him in this classroom.

* * *

‘It’s okay.’

I finished my final elective ‘Morals’ and put down my pencil.

The test went smoothly without any problems.

It might have been a bit dangerous during lunch time but I ate by the window in the far staircase hallway where there were no people around.

‘It was easy because it was porridge to begin with and easy to eat.’

And the most important thing is that the test itself was easier than the previous exams.

I was worried that social studies and science would only be asked in parts I had forgotten but it turned out to be unfounded.

‘It’s not like I didn’t see it.’

I stretched a little almost confident that I would pass with ease.

“Sigh.”

I guess it was a bit bothersome to hear a sound from behind that sounded like something was unwell. I just lowered my arms.

‘The remaining time is… 10 minutes.’

And I patiently waited until the test was over.

I had already called a taxi on time for the way back so all I had to do was quickly go down and catch it.

‘That’s it.’

However the reality that came 10 minutes later was not quite as expected.

After taking my smartphone I was waiting for everyone to leave when someone in the same classroom spoke to me.

“Hey student!”

“…”

“Student by any chance… isn’t it that school? “Mundae who makes hotteok?”

I thought about it briefly here.

Will they shout ‘You’ve got the wrong person’ and run away?

However I stopped because I thought there might be more than one witness.

Moreover seeing that this woman was whispering softly and speaking softly I thought we could finish it quickly.

“yes. “I’m here to take the test.”

“oh my! I see Damn… if it’s okay can I just get one autograph? “My daughter is such a fan!”

“sure.”

After briefly signing the admission ticket I quickly tried to leave.

But it was already too late.

“Hey if it’s okay with you I’ll…”

“Oh yeah.”

“excuse me! “I’m really sorry but can I get it too?”

The few people still remaining in the classroom immediately began lining up. It was also orderly.

And no one was frightened by the current situation.

A strong hypothesis came to mind.

‘Could it be that these people were already suspicious?’

For some reason six or seven people didn’t leave class and loitered around so maybe it was because of me.

I guess I may have been too complacent in ruining Testa’s public awareness.

‘I’m breaking into a cold sweat.’

What’s most surprising is that so many people didn’t make any gestures during the test.

If even one person had made a fuss and talked about it there would have been a high probability that it would turn into a nuisance controversy.

Then I must have already escaped by lunchtime.

‘…Thanks to you I enjoyed it.’

Well there’s no way out. It’s like covering up for my failure in prediction.

I signed without saying anything.

“thank you!”

“Wow thank you…”

After signing autographs for the crowd of people I was about to leave.

‘Let’s get out of here quickly before we get asked for photos.’

However as I picked up my bag I noticed that the person in the back seat was still sitting like a stone.

“…?”

Moreover he is looking at me with his eyes shining brightly without moving a single inch and when our eyes meet he opens his mouth.

That’s an expression I often see at fan signing events.

“Do you need an autograph?”

“…?! yes Yes yes yes!”

It wasn’t that I was overly self-conscious. It was fortunate.

“I love you.”

“thank you.”

I hurriedly signed the exam slip of the person sitting behind me and left.

“Enter safely!”

“Fighting activities!”

It was just a good thing that the classroom at this testing center was at the end so no one in the other testing center could see this.

I ran quickly across the crowded hallway.

‘Are you going to post a review?’

There won’t be any big problems.

Since no one bothered me I guess they’ll just pity me or scratch me.

I shrugged my shoulders and went out to the playground and immediately got into a taxi.

It was as quick as getting to the accommodation.

“Welcome~”

“Well did you have a good time?”

“huh.”

“How about eating porridge for lunch?”

“I ate well. thanks.”

And under Cha Yu-jin’s strong insistence who used my exam as an excuse I ordered and ate pig’s feet.

Thanks to this I was able to do the strange thing of hearing a toast without alcohol.

“Thank you for your hard work on taking the college exam today… Let’s recover well until our next activity and show you our best side again.”

“Of course~”

“Yeap!”

“I hope you had a good preparation period.”

“Now wait a minute. Park Moon-dae put down your smartphone!”

“…It’s a video of a dog eating meat.”

Well it was a day of inactivity.

Dinner was also… delicious.

* * *

News of Park Moon-dae’s qualification exam spread slower than he expected.

There were many fans who were skeptical because none of the people who got autographs took pictures with them.

So it was recognized as an orthodox theory only after three or four people authenticated the autographed test results.

The final blow was this review.

———————==

[I went to take the test yesterday and got the best result]

I think there are a lot of people who came in thinking about who they are now haha.

Yes my favorite is Park Moon-dae!

(Authorized autograph photo)

I even sat in the seat right behind the gate. I thought my heart was going to explode. Just looking at his back he was so handsome. Even his bones were so handsome that I couldn’t raise my head.

The posture is so good and the shoulders are just beautifully wideㅠㅠ

(…)

———————==

It was the certification of an examinee sitting in the back seat of Park Moon Dae.

And behind those people there was a friendly anti-aggro message.

———————==

I just took the exam really quietly and when I left people pretended to know me so I signed autographs for them all.

Even though I was so frozen that I couldn’t even speak I just sat and looked and he asked if I needed an autograph so he gave it to me.

I wasn’t going to post it because I was afraid of avoiding it but since everyone already knows… I’m posting it because I want people to know how good Mundae has been…

I decided to hold onto my admission ticket until I die haha.

———————==

It was a cute and heartwarming review. Even fans who were a little disappointed by the news of Park Moon-dae taking the qualification exam happily checked out this review.

It was not to the extent of being seen as an invasion of privacy but because it automatically reminded me of what the situation would have been like.

-I wonder if our dog likes people so much that he even gave us autographsㅠㅠㅠ

-Park Moon-dae is really guilty of asking for an autograph and giving it to him… He must have gone home and couldn’t sleep.

-ㅠㅠIf I had seen him when I was looking at him I would have hit him all and only looked at his back. ㅅㅂI’m jealous.

The cute anecdote made the rounds on internet communities and social media without being too close to becoming a personality salesman.

However as Park Moon-dae expected the ‘scratching’ reaction naturally followed.

However it was slightly more severe than Park Moon-dae’s guess.

-Park Moon-dae Honestly you don’t need to take the GED it’s just your greed.

-Is there really an academic complex?

-I was lucky that the people at the same exam hall were good people. What if a crazy guy was involved? I wouldn’t have done something like that;

-I can’t stand the lust for fame but even so I’m a high school graduate so what can I do?

-Sook-yeon asked if I would sign first.

It was intentional.

As Park Moon-dae continued to use exquisite timing to end or prevent controversies serious antis were ready to rise.

Of course since Park Moon-dae’s response was often less explicit there was little credibility as to whether Park Moon-dae really cared too much about public opinion.

It’s just that swearing tastes better when you think that way.

The sentiment was that Park Moon-dae after seeing the excessive behind-the-scenes reaction was hoping to show that he was paying attention.

-Gom1mer Search

-Oh don’t even think about using it as a piece of cake~ I’ll beat you up~ haha.

-Yes yes Gommer you know that all of this is scraped off right? Are you going to move on quietly?

-If I post something like this it’ll be really funny. It’s like fighting and being an idiot haha.

But unfortunately for them Park Moon-Dae was distancing himself from the Internet.

The only thing I could see was the fan community or WeTube. If I tried to see more than that the members would barge in like ghosts so Park Mun-dae couldn’t do much.

In other words Aggro was just fighting a lonely fight.

Thanks to this a member who is completely anti and doesn’t care will respond instead.

“brother! “Show me the chicken porridge lover!”

“Sure.”

Park Moon-dae who thought the rumor was over anyway coolly agreed and Cha Yu-jin enthusiastically uploaded the photos from the time.

[I have chicken porridge because I have an exam for Daehyung Moon. Everyone works hard to make it. Best Teamwork! (Tiger emoticon) (bundle of photos)]

From photos of various members shopping and cooking to photos of Park Moon-dae looking embarrassed at the sight of chicken porridge or smiling while eating it.

These were everyday shots with a story.

-?

-Oh what?

-Are you really posting this?

And while the aggro people were confused for a moment.

“hmm? “Did Eugene post a picture?”

“yes!”

“Oh I see.”

Keun Se-jin who saw the situation even uploaded a video he had taken.

[It’s been a while since I’ve seen a smile like this from Moon University College of Education… After all eating well is the best right? Haha Lover is also delicious♡ (Video)]

There were few fans who would dislike seeing their favorite group getting along well and being friendly with each other.

Naturally fans were ablaze with this unexpected additional warmth that warmed their hearts.

-Our kids are serious about Testa. Let’s stay like this forever. The answer is a dinner show.

-I didn’t want to be fooled by the idol family business again… but shut up Testa is family.

-ㅠㅠIt really warmed my heart. Thank you guys for the good news.

The volume of photos and videos was enormous and Park Moon-dae himself did not take or upload them.

Thanks to that Aggro went away while punching me alone.

– Haha the fight is over.

-I guess you asked other kids to upload it didn’t Hyeonta come?

-It feels like I’m clenching my teeth but maybe it’s just me.

Remarks continued to try to rationalize it somehow but it was just a mental victory anyway.

In the end the story of ‘Parkmoon University is a search bug’ faded away due to that ambiguous shyness.

For reference the person involved Park Moon-dae was watching a red panda video in the corner of the room.

“…hmm.”

He suffered from intermittent boredom but had nothing special to do.

However there was one thing to look forward to.

‘I’m going on vacation starting the day after tomorrow.’

A three-day vacation is just around the corner.

It was a very meaningful time for Park Moon-dae who had never had a proper vacation before.

‘This is truly an amazing vacation.’

The plan was perfect. So the plan is.
