---
title: "Chapter 222"
category: "book"
index: 221
section: "Chapter 222"
slug: "222"
---

# Chapter 222

I had heard about Testa’s decision to take a three-day vacation for quite some time.

This is because surprisingly the director’s statement that ‘an artist’s condition must be well managed to demonstrate his or her skills’ continued without being withdrawn.

‘For that matter he’s the type of guy who doesn’t invest in the management office.’

In fact it seems closer to the stubbornness of his management philosophy rather than caring about the singers he is affiliated with… Anyway it is for my benefit so I have no intention of opposing it at all.

Thanks to you I will be able to spend three days quietly alone.

Plus I have some expectations.

‘I can do some monitoring then.’

It’s scary because the only thing I’ve seen on the screen recently is a four-legged beast with fur.

“…hmm.”

I said I would moderate my usage but that didn’t mean I would be monitored for Internet browsing throughout my inactivity.

When it comes to dereliction of duty it’s not honey it’s high fructose corn syrup.

So I plan to use the time they have to go home to do my own thing.

And rest quietly alone.

…Of course I’ve never really enjoyed a vacation thinking like this before.

‘Because I’ve never taken a vacation in the first place.’

This time after blocking out all variables I will definitely be alone. I had that idea but…

An unexpected situation occurred.

So… maybe in a good way.

“Brothers what do you think about MT…!”

This is because Kim Rae-bin said this the week before her vacation.

“MT?”

“As an abbreviation for membership training it means a short trip that strengthens harmony and teamwork among colleagues.”

“Hey Ravi you know that~ I was just asking if you wanted to go to MT!”

“Oh yeah!”

Kim Rae-bin nodded enthusiastically at Keun Se-jin’s name.

The funny thing is that Cha Yu-jin next to me was doing the same thing.

‘Did you two conspire?’

The following statement seems to be correct.

“I hope this helps make up for the disappointment of having a busy schedule and not being able to share topics other than work!”

“Let’s go have fun. I want to go to the Korean sea!”

Support fire is active for once.

Liu Qingyu answered softly with a slightly embarrassed expression.

“okay? “It’s vacation. Is it okay if I don’t go home?”

“3 days? Uh-huh I can’t go to America! “My parents are busy!”

Cha Yu-jin answered quickly.

‘Well I guess I know what’s going on.’

Cha Yu-jin cannot go to the United States after three days. And since it is not the holiday season it will be difficult for my parents to come.

‘I’m probably bored because I can’t go home so I should at least hang out with the members.’

I’m sure the calculation is correct.

I silently closed my mouth and suddenly had a flash of realization.

‘…If this fails will Cha Yu-jin stay in the dorm for the entire vacation?’

Hey no way.

“I’m not advocating for taking full vacation time. “The only plan is to conduct MT in a remote location for 2 days and 1 night starting the day before the vacation and then return home on the morning of the first day of vacation!”

“Oh is it good? How are you all?”

“I think it would be good for me too…!”

“…It’ll be okay for a day or so.”

Vote in favor pours in from all over. It seems that Kim Rae-bin’s opinion to preserve the vacation as is and go on a short trip was quite reasonable.

“…”

“What do you think Brother Moon Dae?”

I answered quickly.

“Good. let’s go.”

“…! yes!”

I waited until the end to put emphasis on ‘let’s go’ so that no one could say anything else.

Everyone had an idea.

‘Someone needs to make Cha Yu-jin take him away.’

During MT they somehow manage to escalate the situation and send Cha Yu-jin to one of those guys’ houses for vacation.

“Oh~ Mundae is so active!”

“Yeah it’s good to go once. “Is there a place Ravin has in mind?”

“I am there! Let’s go to the sea too!”

“It’s Ganghwado!… Yes bro. “I’ve looked at a few places I would like to stay.”

I considered touching my chin.

‘Well Ryu Cheong-woo and Kim Rae-bin are the candidates.’

The possibility of the other two is extremely low because they do not match Cha Yu-jin’s code or are burdensome to the other person.

‘hmm.’

As I watched the guys talk about their destination I came up with my own plan.

And after a while.

“Then considering the location and interior I will make a reservation here in Ganghwa Island. “Everyone is okay?”

“Yes yes~”

“Shall I tell the company?”

“Then thank you.”

The preparations were completed by asking for the company’s understanding and establishing an emergency contact network.

Since the game was to be decided within a few days there was not much concern about leaks.

The car will also be rented from the manager and only the driver Ryu Cheong-woo will be registered so there is less worry about being tracked.

‘And he said he would stand by so that the manager could come if necessary.’

The manager has become noticeably more cooperative recently. It seems that the sense of crisis has been alleviated well as the plan to form a dedicated team is in full swing.

Anyway the final reservation for the candidate pension was completed easily. It seemed like prices were high even in the off-season due to security and facilities.

“Okay reservation complete. “Let’s have fun!”

“Wow!”

“Rae Ravin thank you for the great suggestion…!”

“This is too much to say. Thank you for your willingness to agree!”

Everyone is excited.

I lay down on the sofa with my arms folded.

‘…It’s not even content but this is the first time we’ve gone somewhere with this number of people.’

Traveling rather than work was refreshing.

Actually from the perspective of coworkers going together I think it’s closer to a workshop… but since no one is particularly uncomfortable it’s not something I should bring up.

Even Bae Se-jin seems secretly looking forward to it.

What’s so funny is that this guy even said something like this in the rental car that day.

“…This is my first time going to something like this.”

Bae Se-jin sitting next to me looked like he was regretting why he said it even after he brought it up but he had already reacted.

“Really?”

“Have you ever participated in various events such as school trips?”

“…I don’t like that kind of thing so I didn’t go.”

“I see! Certainly traveling with dozens of people is often limited in choice and inconvenient.”

Kim Rae-bin nodded cheerfully perhaps taking it as an honest expression of likes and dislikes but the others seemed to have noticed the subtle nuance.

‘I guess I didn’t mix well with the school group life.’

It’s not particularly surprising.

At that time Sun Ah-hyeon raised her hand.

“I haven’t been there much either…!”

Bae Se-jin’s face which was full of criticism at himself for saying something useless improved a little.

“…okay?”

“yes!”

Would you like me to help you?

“I haven’t been there much either. “You just have to have fun when you go.”

“…! That’s right. “I’m looking forward to today’s trip because it looks like it will be fun…!”

“…me too.”

Bae Se-jin turned his head and muttered. It’s strangely vague.

‘Why is the atmosphere like this?’

Fortunately this cringing atmosphere was extinguished in the next moment.

“I also have high expectations. The options were perfect!”

“I love the sea!”

“Haha the atmosphere is really warm isn’t it? “I just have to select a song here~”

This is because Big Sejin played a song behind the bright remarks of mindless people.

Thump thump thump thump thump!

This is… the Magical Boy EDM version.

‘When did you get it from Kim Rae-bin?’

“Ah today~ Let’s stop thinking about work and just have fun by ourselves~ Let’s go testa!”

“haha!”

Liu Chengwu in the driver’s seat laughed.

‘It takes an hour and a half to Ganghwa Island.’

At that level since Big Se-jin is sitting in the front seat he will be in charge of talking to Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘It will take care of itself.’

I leaned my head against the backrest among the guys singing along.

Since these guys would definitely arrive and do all kinds of things from playing games to running I was thinking of enjoying the peace of my body even now.

“I met you tomorrow! “You you you!”

“Hahaha!”

And this judgment was correct.

* * *

It was past midnight that day.

“Cha Yujin!!”

“Whahahaha!”

The two youngest ones are running along the beach.

‘I’m not tired.’

Maybe it’s because it’s not work but these guys never get tired.

-Barbecue! BBQ!

-Is there a karaoke machine here?

It’s been like this from the moment I arrived at the pension and I’m full of energy even after using everything from grilling meat to the heated pool.

‘I thought everything would have been covered by this point.’

If I do well I’ll be like that all night long.

What’s even funnier is that I was doing the most static work right now.

It’s fireworks.

“Yes it’s pretty.”

“I know.”

Of course it’s nothing grand just grab a few sticks and wave them near Eunsu Pool in front of the pension.

‘Because if you do it on the beach you might get into an unnecessary illegal fight.’

This is illegal at the beach.

And just now Cha Yu-jin is being chased after being caught by Kim Rae-bin while trying to take a picture of fireworks with the beach in the background.

I hear a voice from far away.

“Sprinkling water is nonsensical… Uph hoo!”

Well you’re having a good time.

I pulled out the burnt-out stick fireworks I was holding and tried to organize them.

It was then.

“Mundaemundae~ Beer?”

“…!”

In the hand of Keun Se-jin who spoke was a can of imported beer covered in thin ice.

…It is a type of fruit beer with low alcohol content.

“I came here to have fun. “You’ve been abstaining from drinking for several months so I thought you could have a drink when you’re in a good mood~”

“…”

That’s right.

I took the can and opened it without saying a word.

widely.

Then I hear a sound of laughter next to me.

“Are you funny?”

“Hey that can’t be possible~ It’s just because it’s warm.”

Keun Se-jin chuckled and lay down on the sunbed next to him.

“Ah the atmosphere is nice~”

Looks like this guy drank some too. I slowly sipped my beer and enjoyed the night breeze.

…I definitely felt fine.

Still I didn’t particularly want to drink like crazy or desperately want to drink more.

It was calm.

“…”

It was clear proof that these few months of abstinence were effective.

The habitual connection was broken.

‘I guess I should say thank you.’

I briefly glanced at Bae Se-jin who was picking the second stick firecracker over there.

And then Big Sejin suddenly said something.

“We’ll be fine like this right?”

“…”

“Wow really… if you went back three years and told me you would sell 1 million albums I wouldn’t believe you.”

“Everyone is like that.”

“Really? yes!”

Big Sejin laughed. Sun Ah-hyun who was watching was seen laughing along with him.

“Anyway~ I really like this team. “I love my friends so much~ Let’s do well this year too!”

“Ugh! Let’s do our best!”

For now let go of your shoulders. If the three of us do this I’m going to fall off the sunbed.

Still it would be okay to say this much.

“Let’s go hard.”

“good!”

The hand that had been hitting my back as if encouraging me fell… Well I don’t feel bad.

I decided not to laugh.

“Oh it’s Mundae. But actually it’s non-alcoholic?”

“…!”

“The package was the same. Oh but I think it’s okay ~ I didn’t even know it was non-alcoholic. “Can I have a can or two from now on?”

“I think I’ve improved a lot…!”

I think this is a bit too much of a line to laugh about.

Hmm I guess I’ll skip it anyway for the sake of the good results and to make it easier to turn over Cha Yu-jin later.

It was a time when I was contemplating the verdict.

Tada-dad-dad-dang-!

Suddenly a strange ringtone rang.

“Oh it’s not mine.”

“Me too.”

I immediately checked the smartphone in question on a nearby sunbed.

[Sister]

This is Raebin Kim.

“Ravin. “I will bring it to you.”

“Okay~”

“Should I go and come back?”

“are you okay.”

I stepped onto the beach. Fortunately the two guys who were being chased came back near the pension.

“Cha Yu-jin you lack social skills…!”

“Ravin you call.”

“Oh thank you!”

Raebin Kim huffed and puffed while getting wet in the sea water but bowed his head politely. And then I picked up my smartphone which was still ringing and answered it.

“Sister. Yes I’m fine…”

Having accomplished my purpose I was about to return to the front of the pension.

The feeling came without warning.

“…uh?”

“…!”

Kim Rae-bin’s question suddenly took on a strange tone.

A determination that I would immediately recognize.

So… like the dumb sound a person makes when they hear a very shocking sound.

My feet stopped reflexively.

I looked back.

“Uh… no what…”

“…”

“Raebin Kim?”

As if she couldn’t hear Cha Yu-jin’s voice Kim Rae-bin just stood on the dark beach holding her smartphone.

There was nothing that didn’t make me tremble.

“I don’t know… why?”

“Ravin?”

“…!”

Ryu Cheong-woo saw a strange atmosphere nearby and stepped in to grab Kim Rae-bin’s arm.

It was only then that Kim Rae-bin hung up the phone and her hands were shaking.

“Grandma Ha… I think she’s going to pass away too…”

“…!!”

At that moment the atmosphere on the beach changed completely.

“Wait are you my sister?”

“yes yes…”

“Where did you get the call?”

“Rice Hospital…? So… at home…”

“Is it a big hospital near your house?”

“yes yes…”

Kim Rae-bin had a face that could not even cry.

Of course at another travel destination.

As if the past situation was repeating itself…

“what.”

“What’s wrong Ravin?”

Other members came running from around us.

Ryu Cheong-woo immediately patted Kim Rae-bin on the back.

“Ravin take a deep breath.”

“Yes yes…”

“Let’s change clothes first…”

I immediately ran to the pension.

“Mundae?”

And right away I grabbed my car keys from the front door and ran back to the beach and told Raebin Kim.

“Get in the car.”

This is not the time. I can just put on my clothes and take a deep breath and do it as I go so right now…

“…Park Moon-dae you don’t have a license. calm down.”

right.

I handed over the car keys to Ryu Cheong-woo after hearing Keun Se-jin’s words in a low whisper.

“…Okay Ravin. It would be better to move right away. “Let’s change our clothes in the car.”

“…”

Raebin Kim nodded.

And people walked straight across the beach to the parking lot and got into their cars.

I was stuck in the corner of the back seat of the car.

“Everyone got on right? “It moves.”

“yes.”

The car started right away.

…And so the first day of vacation began.
