---
title: "Chapter 223"
category: "book"
index: 222
section: "Chapter 223"
slug: "223"
---

# Chapter 223

The inside of the car was deathly quiet.

No sometimes I could only hear Kim Rae-bin sobbing as if he was going to run out of breath.

Even those who would normally have comforted me by saying things like ‘You’ll be okay’ just drove in silence or patted me on the back.

Because it was a situation where comfort would be more uneasy.

“Your brother… Yes you should come ‘this morning’. “We are moving right now so please wait nearby as soon as possible.”

After relaying the story to the manager who was finally able to connect I hung up the phone roughly.

Now ‘this morning?’ Are you going to make the same statement? You have a moment to claim work-life balance you crazy bastard.

“…”

What have you been doing since then?

Like X I couldn’t do anything.

And I’m just thinking.

No matter what you do it will take more than three hours to get from here to Gangwon-do where Kim Rae-bin’s family home is located.

‘In that case it may be late.’

…But let’s imagine what it would have been like if we had departed from Seoul right away like we usually do right before our vacation.

That time would have been shortened by more than an hour and a half.

A difference of an hour and a half.

I can’t help but make that calculation.

‘Fuck you.’

Because the guy sitting in front of me will be thinking the same thing.

Raebin Kim still can’t let go of his smartphone. Unconsciously you are waiting for another call and are afraid of it.

And yet I can’t bring myself to call back first…

“…”

I’m out of breath.

‘stop.’

It was funny. Even though I’m not the person involved and I’m not in a situation where I can provide any help I got absorbed in it and fell asleep.

I laughed at myself and decided to stick my head against the window and keep my mouth shut.

I didn’t think that would be a hindrance at all.

After about three hours passed in the car where I felt like I was going to faint.

I had just passed the last highway toll gate leading to my destination. Liu Chengwu opened his mouth in as calm a tone as possible.

“We’ll be there in thirty minutes.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin struggled to talk to Kim Rae-bin.

“…change your clothes.”

“…”

Kim Rae-bin who had been stiff from tension and worry for too long slowly began to change his top.

Clothes that were already about to dry fell under the sheets losing salt.

And Kim Rae-bin who was wearing new clothes did not move as if in a daze but soon began to shed tears.

“I… I asked to go to MT for no reason… so I’m late.”

“no.”

I answered without realizing it. Without any thought.

So in fact I had to come up with a plausible reason now but there was no time to add an explanation.

Because there was someone who intervened.

“that’s right! “It’s because of me.”

“…!”

“I said let’s go first. “It’s not Kim Rae-bin’s fault!”

Cha Yu-jin spoke quite bravely but she herself looked like she was about to cry.

Raebin Kim let out a hoarse sound.

“Oh no! MT was planned together… and I also organized the location…”

“Think about it later.”

I cut him off.

“I’ll think about it later but now go see grandma.”

“…”

Raebin Kim barely nodded.

Don’t make me think now. This was correct.

From experience.

Soon the car’s navigation system stopped providing guidance.

“let’s go.”

“…yes.”

Raebin Kim stumbled out of the car and headed to the hospital.

The rest of the people followed as far as they could.

This means that I sat in the waiting chair next to the hallway of the hospital room and waited for Kim Rae-bin to come out.

“…”

“Oh my mom…”

In front of the hospital room people who seemed to be our relatives and medical staff came and went but of course we just sat there without pretending to know or talking.

However looking at the atmosphere fortunately… it seemed like it wasn’t too late.

I don’t know if I can call this fortunate.

It was about the time when a bright dusky day appeared outside the window.

“Mundae.”

“…”

“Park Moon-dae why don’t you go to the car and lie down for a bit?”

“Not me Liu Chengwu… he should go.”

Does it make sense for a person who drove all morning without sleeping to still be awake?

It was morally correct for that guy to go to sleep.

But Liu Chengwu shook his head.

“I’m not that tired.”

“yes. “Me too.”

“…”

The short conversation ended there. The members waited quietly longer no longer talking to each other about taking a break.

And after a while Raebin Kim stumbled out with a pale face and relayed the situation.

“Ravin.”

“are you okay?”

“Yes yes… talking about grandma… she’s sleeping right now…”

The critical point has now been passed.

‘under.’

Funny enough it seems like all the tension in my body is draining away.

Raebin Kim… Because it means it’s not too late.

However I was able to guess it from Kim Rae-bin’s expression and nuance.

It doesn’t look like a relieved face.

‘…There will continue to be hardships in the future.’

I thought it could be the worst vacation for Raebin Kim.

* * *

After relaying the story to the company people who arrived a little late the members who had homes to return to went home.

This is because Kim Rae-bin’s older sister who came out of the hospital room late gently encouraged her.

-Thank you so much for taking me to Lavin.

-no. It’s natural…

-I heard it was vacation time. Thank you for spending your precious day… I hope you are safe on your way back.

It was a reasonable remark since he must have felt sorry and was in no situation to care about so many outsiders.

It was a great act of loyalty for these guys who only have time to spend with their families once or twice a year to come along here.

However Cha Yu-jin flatly refused saying that she was going to her dorm anyway.

-It’s okay. I can’t go home! It’s here.

-Eujin…

Perhaps because he was familiar with Kim Rae-bin’s family thanks to his time at his previous agency the atmosphere here seemed to be accepted.

But I couldn’t just leave Cha Yu-jin alone.

‘This guy isn’t the type to take complete care of someone.’

If he wasn’t careful Kim Rae-bin’s older sister could have taken care of this guy too.

Besides isn’t it so funny that out of the two guys who are in the same dorm only one of them is going to stay here and that the one who is left out is the older one?

So I decided to stay too.

-I’m fine too. I was planning on staying at the hotel during my vacation anyway.

And after several refusals and reassurances we moved to Raebin Kim’s home at the insistence of Raebin Kim’s older sister and grandfather.

And in the process I was able to hear a reasonable explanation of the situation through a conversation with Kim Rae-bin’s older sister.

-They say they will monitor the situation for a few more days and then undergo surgery when conditions allow…

-… the probability is not high.

-But rather than suddenly hearing something like this time… I think it would be better for Ravin to prepare mentally in advance.

I couldn’t do something crazy like asking what kind of disease it was.

Just listening to the conversations my relatives were having it sounded like a pituitary gland problem.

And this is what Raebin Kim said while crying after coming home and feeling relaxed.

“I discovered it when you were hospitalized last time… I work in Seoul and you told me not to tell you because you didn’t want me to worry about you…”

“…”

“I didn’t even know that… I didn’t care and I felt so foolish.”

“no! “You’re not stupid.”

“No that was stupid! Oh today too… I couldn’t come to my senses and couldn’t do anything properly…”

“You did well enough.”

I cut off Raebin Kim.

“You did well to stay calm. You also met your grandmother and did everything. “No one is good at this.”

“…”

Raebin Kim slumped his shoulders.

And I… had a strange feeling that my words had made sense.

‘that’s right.’

What kind of party could be good at something like this?

This is good enough.

As I received prior permission from Kim Rae-bin’s older sister I got up opened the refrigerator and took out an electrolyte drink.

And after handing it to the guy who was obviously lacking in hydration and making sure he was drinking he spoke slowly.

“I was sorry for pushing you… in the car. great job.”

“Oh no…! Thanks to you I was able to come without being late…”

In fact even if it were later the worry wouldn’t have happened but it might be a psychological issue.

And I realized that this psychological problem would continue.

‘…No matter how the situation progressed it became difficult.’

Even the conversation between the company and this guy after the vacation.

“Eat something delicious Raebin Kim. “Delivery!”

“The delivery of the boat… is what I ordered.”

“okay. “Do it!”

Kim Rae-bin who regained her usual demeanor by talking back to Cha Yu-jin managed to order food but did not eat much.

The vacation went by while maintaining a normal atmosphere and waiting for emergency calls from the hospital.

And then… that difficult moment came.

* * *

The morning of the last day of vacation.

“They say your grandmother is having surgery.”

Raebin Kim received a call from his older sister in the morning and spoke quite calmly. Although I was holding my smartphone upside down.

“Speak while eating.”

“Raebin Kim’s seat is here!”

“I know it’s my house!… yes! “They say that the grandmother’s condition has improved and she can undergo surgery!”

This meant that there was a chance of recovery.

But again it also meant that there was a greater chance that this surgery would not be successful.

I don’t know.

Should I hit the guy who is trying to be hopeful or hit him back?

So I brought up a practical problem instead.

That ‘difficult’ problem I’ve been thinking about since the first day of vacation.

“Do you plan to nurse by my side?”

“yes…?”

“You know but my vacation ends today.”

I put the spoon in the bowl.

“I have to return tomorrow morning.”

“…!!”

“I need to think carefully about whether it’s okay to go back to Seoul.”

…If you return to work and stay in Seoul if your grandmother’s surgery progress suddenly worsens you may not be able to survive her death.

I recalled the conversation I had with Raebin Kim when my grandmother first collapsed in the early days of my debut.

-In that case… Is it right for me to stop and go while filming during the performance? But then… it seems like I lack professional skills.

Family or work?

It’s that damn either-or moment.

It’s not just a moment it’s the entire 4 weeks to see how the surgery progresses.

‘The situation seems like crap.’

Of course it was the same back then but what I had to say was decided.

“I’ll tell you in advance it’s okay if I don’t return for a while. “It’s all about living well but there’s no need to be in pain.”

“…that’s right. are you okay!”

“Don’t worry we’ll take part in persuading the company.”

Cha Yu-jin knows how to provide support fire. I heard you’ve been good at reading the mood these past few days.

And actually I thought that if I said this Raebin Kim would close her eyes and shout ‘I’m really sorry but I’ll do it.’

But no.

“Well… I think it would be painful to do that…”

“…!”

“It’s an important full-length album but I haven’t completed even one song yet… and I’m also working on the title…”

Of course Kim Rae-bin also had a dream and a sense of responsibility.

“I won’t be able to contribute anything to the music video choreography or stage.”

Raebin Kim was even a member dedicated to producing. So it was also the musicality of the group called Testa itself.

Raebin Kim astutely realized that if he completely left out the group’s identity would be damaged.

“If grandma doesn’t die and recovers… that’s not what I’ve done that’s what I hope for.”

“Okay I understand.”

I stopped him.

That was right. If the grandmother recovered without any problems Kim Rae-bin might regret that she rested for no reason.

And you will feel disillusioned with yourself for having regrets.

‘…Am I biased?’

I misunderstood it because it overlapped too much with my past situation.

I tapped my fingers on the table.

‘The best option is to postpone the album release for a month or two.’

But this was a problem for me.

If this happens the tour schedule may be distorted and problems may arise in clearing status abnormalities.

‘I’m going to go back.’

It was then.

“Do both!”

“…!!”

Cha Yu-jin shouted.

“We have a lot of good ways! “With the phone… uhm.”

“Do it in English.”

[right! I speak English right?]

Cha Yu-jin’s eyes lit up and she knocked on the table.

[This is an era where we have email video calls and even video chat! Kim Rae-bin tells me to work on the song here! And then we prepare other elements!]

“…!”

It’s surprisingly reasonable. I opened my mouth right away.

“Cha Yu-jin said you should work remotely from home while working on the song here.”

“Working from home??”

“It sounds good to me.”

Sure enough Raebin Kim’s complexion instantly improved.

“That’s what I heard too! Then other than the song…”

I clasped my hands together.

My head started to move smoothly within a few days.

“Do it like this. I’ll make two versions of the choreography just in case. A version without the version you have.”

“yes??”

“great!”

“And the same goes for filming. First we select our individual cuts and group shots and then postpone the four individual filming dates as much as possible.”

“Oooh!”

“We are going to push back your joining time as much as possible and also complete a version for if you couldn’t join.”

Raebin Kim opened his mouth.

“…I’m sorry for my sin.”

“What are you sorry for? “I’m just saying that the later you join the more difficult it will be for you alone.”

I asked.

“Do you still want to do it?”

“…yes!”

good.

Raebin Kim nodded eagerly.

Still he seemed quite brave and soon started rubbing his eyes.

There seemed to be a surge for various reasons.

“Okay let’s do as much as we can.”

“yes…”

I added.

“And if you don’t succeed you can stop midway.”

“that’s right! “It’s not Kim Rae-bin’s fault.”

That was right.

So began the four weeks of trying to balance work and family.
