---
title: "Chapter 224"
category: "book"
index: 223
section: "Chapter 224"
slug: "224"
---

# Chapter 224

After the vacation is over.

“Are you here?”

“okay.”

As soon as I returned to the dorm I delivered detailed information about Kim Rae-bin’s work from home.

In fact you said it would be difficult for Kim Rae-bin to do it alone but it is not normal to prepare two versions of activities conditional on Kim Rae-bin’s presence or absence.

‘Actually it’s hard labor.’

Wouldn’t it be obvious to do this assuming the comeback schedule remains the same?

This means that there is nothing to say even if you protest that the decision made by the three of you is unfair.

Of course I didn’t think these guys would protest and they did.

“…So we ended the conversation with Ravin working on songs from home and preparing the album remotely.”

“Ohh.”

“Good job Phew.”

As we gathered in the living room and had a brief briefing sighs of relief came from all over.

While on vacation I couldn’t ask them outright so I took turns asking them how they were doing and it seems like each person was worried in their own way.

“Then Ravin can continue to stay by Grandma’s side.”

“I know. I’m glad~ So Ravin’s work will be given feedback on Mondays and Thursdays at 9pm?”

“that’s right. And intermediate contact should be made in real time as much as possible.”

It was a compromise that satisfied those who focused on Kim Rae-bin’s comfort and satisfied those who cared about Kim Rae-bin’s absence.

“Nothing has changed just the method is a little different. “Let’s make this album well together.”

“Let’s fight~”

“Fighting!”

In the process the amount of labor increased in just a day or two so it was naturally pushed down the priority list.

I had a hunch there.

‘The reactions of the working-level staff will likely be similar… ’

There was no need to think of incentives.

…I need to check to see if the company pays for overtime.

However there were no exceptions.

Because one member’s face was pale.

“…Good Raebin Kim.”

Of course it is Bae Se-jin. Even after the topic had passed the response came a little late.

‘The words themselves seem sincere.’

It was just that my eyes became dark as I imagined a future in which I would learn the two choreographic movements separately.

Still the recovery was surprisingly fast.

Let’s see what Bae Se-jin said in the discussion about large-scale choreography immediately afterward.

“Then shall we talk about the choreography first?”

“Oh since the number of people is different how about I ask you to plan a separate formation?”

“Hmm… But wouldn’t it be better for the vocal members to change their movements as little as possible?”

Although Liu Qingyu was vague there was no one who could tell who he was trying to be considerate of.

And the person’s reaction was like this.

“…No there’s no need for that. “Do the same.”

“Is that so?”

“…okay!”

“Ooh! “It’s awesome!”

“Hmm.”

Bae Se-jin seems secretly pleased with Cha Yu-jin’s response.

‘…I guess I get it roughly.’

The reason I had so little confidence in that guy.

Perhaps it’s because of its up-to-date reputation.

I recalled that right before my vacation he was secretly watching a WeTube video in the corner of the living room titled ‘Escape from the hole of Bae Se-jin.’

[As if the controversy over ‘Azusa’ was a lie Bae Se-jin has shown surprising step-by-step growth since her debut.]

[Beyond simply not standing out in the group dance they surprised fans by not missing any detail of the choreography from start to finish even in the fancam.]

[Isn’t this an example of what needs to be like this to be labeled as ‘growth type’?]

Even if I wore Bluetooth earphones the subtitles in those videos were so large that I could just see them.

Most of the comments seemed to be surprisingly favorable.

– Bae Se-jin was really surprised. When I watched the entertainment show he looked cute and worked hard so I wanted to cheer him on haha.

Hmm I also remember Bae Se-jin’s face as she couldn’t control the corners of her mouth as she secretly clicked ‘like’ on a comment like this.

In any case since his debut his public reputation has been on the rise through the hotteok baking reality show which means he seems to have received positive motivation as well.

Maybe… I’ll decide to finish the reevaluation by making a proper serving this time.

‘But if you overdo it unnecessarily I’ll be in trouble.’

I don’t want burnout during the promotional period to interfere with the tour so I need to help take some of the pressure off my shoulders.

“Then we will proceed with the request for the choreography movement without any special comment…”

“I like it.”

“Huh?”

“It would be nice if there were fewer changes to the entire route. “It’s good to be considerate.”

I deliberately looked at Bae Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo alternately.

Why what? Aren’t I also a vocal member?

Liu Chengyu lowered his head pretending to tidy up with a slight smile on his face.

“Um… okay. Then Sejin would it be okay if I ask you something simple? “Because that’s what the door says.”

“…I see.”

“Yes yes then let’s decide that way.”

When Keun Se-jin made eye contact he raised and lowered his eyebrows.

It seems like he’s asking me to take care of him instead of leaving him alone but he’s also a pretty consistent guy.

“Have you contacted the company?”

“yes. “I asked for a double filming schedule…”

I rubbed my chin.

“Now… we just need to quickly start materializing the album concept.”

“…That’s probably the period.”

“Maybe a week is enough?”

“okay.”

There was a sense of sadness in the living room.

The more experience I gain the more I suddenly feel the absence of Kim Rae-bin who was amazing at working with Excel.

Moreover this concept is expected to stand out in the overall flow of activities.

Clear organization was essential.

“Let’s quickly check in with the relevant people today and start in earnest tomorrow.”

“great.”

“I will work hard…!”

And so the final work on the album began.

* * *

Planning a schedule for a busy freelancer is a task that is more cumbersome and requires more considerations than you might think.

The freelancer must not overextend himself while coordinating the schedules of all involved parties appropriately.

What if the freelancer is an idol group?

The things to consider increase several times.

So what we need is a management office…

‘They’re the type of guys who don’t like how to handle things.’

I just felt comfortable watching myself.

For example contacting Raebin Kim.

[Title Work_Verse 2 Verse_ (1)]

[Title Work_Verse 2 Verse_ (2)]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Today I worked on the rap part of the second verse. Please listen and respond with the version that received more votes.]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Thank you always.]

Raebin Kim sent the work on time. I sent a reply.

[It was hard. I will send you feedback quickly]

Then we receive this usually collect the members’ opinions by mid-morning the next day and receive a review from the AR team.

Then if you send it to Raebin Kim in the evening the work will arrive again on the next contact date.

Originally Raebin Kim would have directly communicated with the AR team… but given the circumstances.

After thinking about it I added a text message.

[Tell me if there is anything particularly difficult or worrying about you while you are there]

Because of this problem it is necessary to adjust flexibility outside of work to some extent.

Fortunately this time too the answer came quickly without any hesitation.

[Raebin Kim\: No special exception occurred.]

This means that there were no symptoms of worsening or rapid recovery after the grandmother’s surgery.

‘…Still this period shouldn’t be too long.’

Just as I was thinking about the answer messages arrived in quick succession.

[Kim Rae-bin\: Thank you for always worrying!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: (image)]

The attached image is… The phrase ‘The power to live today comes from a smiling face and courage^^’ was flashing in rainbow colors on a picture of a rose.

[Kim Rae-bin\: My grandfather sent it to me and I really like the phrase so I’m sharing it. I hope you have a cheerful day.]

I chuckled.

‘There’s not much left today you idiot.’

It’s already 10 o’clock at night.

Still I understand that this means that you should have a good day even for the remaining two hours.

[okay. Sleep well too.]

After checking the polite reply Raebin Kim sent I turned off the smartphone screen.

In front of me I could hear the loud sound of shoe soles slipping.

“Let’s go again.”

“yes!”

This is why even though Kim Rae-bin uploaded the file in a group message room no one except me could reply in real time.

This is because the six members excluding Kim Rae-bin were learning the choreography movements.

It’s impossible for no one to react so I was left out for a moment.

“Mundaemundae Ravin did you check the song well? Which part is it?”

“Section 2 introduced.”

“Okay~ Is that the end?”

This means to quickly rejoin practice. I stood next to him before the refrain.

“Let’s just take a look at the gate.”

“yes.”

The entire composition of the song had been released and arrangements and some recording-related work were in progress so a tentatively edited demo song was coming out of the speakers.

For reference I recorded it.

…When recording each part I tried to make the singing style similar to avoid confusion and it reminds me of the kids who burst out laughing.

-Hahaha! Is that me? Is the literary school quite good??

-Let me try again! I’m doing it!

-Moon Dae-ya why don’t you try your vocal imitation skills?

If I go on a variety show this time I think I’ll talk about it and say it’s an anecdote.

…Well you’re pissed off again. Let’s stop thinking.

I focused on the choreography movements.

“One two…”

The choreographer checked my movements and movement once and nodded.

“You dance well. “I especially like raising my head.”

“thank you.”

“Also it’s okay to say this but I like the song when I listen to it. “It went well.”

It was a compliment that any idol about to release an album would be happy to receive.

Bright responses came from all over.

“thank you!”

‘That’s fun.’

For reference this choreographer is the same choreography trainer I met in Azusa.

Although he pretends to be natural his harsh attitude has disappeared and he has become much more careful and kind.

Look at how Bae Se-jin sometimes reacts slowly or makes mistakes but you can’t even ignore them let alone get nervous.

‘This is society.’

In particular he is almost polite to Sun Ah-hyun who was verbally abusive to her heart’s content during the audition.

I can’t say that this is a very good method but when it comes to work there is no etiquette tool that works as well as social position.

“…Ahyeon let’s look back there just once.”

“yes yes!”

‘Sun Ah-hyun herself doesn’t seem to care.’

Well the choreographer is also more overbearing because of show business so there is no need to treat him as someone with a particularly bad personality.

Moreover the most important choreography came out well.

There was a reason why this choreographer’s draft was chosen as the main work.

‘It’s almost my first time seeing this style.’

“End of verse 1.”

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“thank you!”

The guys falling here and there looked like they were having a hard time but they didn’t look too anxious.

This is thanks to the sense of stability that work is progressing smoothly step by step regardless of being busy.

‘good.’

“It’s radish. water.”

“thank you.”

I drank water while schematizing the remaining schedule in my head.

There is no problem either way.

‘Still it would be nice to go with the best scenario where Kim Rae-bin joins.’

Because this album image suits Raebin Kim very well.

I came to that conclusion and took a well-deserved short break.

“10 minutes over.”

“Yes~”

However there was one point that was not taken into account during this process.

I mean I haven’t been monitoring the internet in depth for a few weeks.

And underneath the water the message Al-eum-aleum had already spread.

[Kim Rae-bin will likely miss this activity]

Of course that doesn’t mean I found out about it too late and ended up hitting the ground.

“Ahyeon.”

“Huh?”

I succeeded in persuading my roommate that day.

So… this means that the season of only watching furry things on WeTube is over.
