---
title: "Chapter 225"
category: "book"
index: 224
section: "Chapter 225"
slug: "225"
---

# Chapter 225

Convincing a roommate wasn’t as difficult as I thought.

“It’s been a while since I stopped using the Internet and I haven’t had any withdrawal symptoms or anything like that.”

“Ugh. I was fine. “Mundae…!”

“So I think it was right to view it as a stress reliever rather than an addiction in the first place.”

“Uh huh?”

“Like you said if it gets too much it can be stressful… but I figured it out after taking some rest.”

Sun Ah-hyeon couldn’t keep her mouth shut as if she didn’t know that words would connect like this.

“Now I think I can control it before it gets too stressful.”

“Of course the liberal arts school will do well but…”

And here’s where the breaking ball comes in.

“Thanks to you. thank you.”

“…!! Oh no the door sill was well adjusted but what…!”

“okay. “I will continue to control it well and monitor it in a stress-free manner.”

It was over.

Afterwards Sun Ah-hyun was dragged around her schedule in a daze looking like she had been cheated but she recovered soon enough.

In this way we succeeded in resuming free monitoring using the break time.

“We’ll start preparing for the concept photo shoot at 7 o’clock tomorrow so let’s not sleep in late.”

“Yes yes!”

And at night today’s work is finished.

‘It’s been a while.’

As soon as I lay down in bed I started browsing through related communities.

Slowly from the past.

First of all 〈K-NOW〉 which was filmed in droves in the beginning was slowly breaking away from the K-pop hell camp and was also serving as a healing camp.

The smooth route change seems to have worked well with viewers and thanks to that Testa was still scoring quite a few points.

-Seon Ah-hyun’s special stage was mixed so there was a difference in size. I thought it was a deer but it’s an elk.

-ㅠㅠ I’m suing Lee Se-jin. He was kind to foreigners and made Lover’s heart flutter.

-Have you seen Bae Se’s sunglasses pictorial American bastards? This is the dignity of K-Doll a former actor (photo)

First of all after comparing the abilities and leisure with ordinary participants it seemed like the editing was done to really fill the mood.

My screenplay is concentrated in the beginning so there isn’t much change but as the behind-the-scenes scenes unfold… there are a lot of people saying that it’s cute.

-Moondae really studies hard. If you are serious about becoming an idol you never miss an opportunity.ㅠㅠ

-Standing cutely thinking about something aloneㅠㅠ (Capture from a corner during break time)

-It’s so cute how your ears prick up every time you speak.

yes? You can’t see it? That can’t be possible (GIF file with dog ears composite)

Everything would have been great except for the fact that the behind-the-scenes footage was a special stage practice camera conducted with Cheongryeo.

-The two of them did entertainment together and they seem to be close. What line should they call it? The Daegenjae Myeongseok Idol line? (Kimchi soup

‘…crossing the line.’

It’s not the fans it’s the behind-the-scenes editing of entertainment. I quickly passed this date reaction.

And the qualification exam.

Perhaps this is thanks to the people who uploaded the visual data but surprisingly the overall response from everyone was that it was heartwarming…

“…?”

What are these guys?

-Gommer are you watching this too? Haha the fight is starting.

I don’t know why it was fighting alone but in any case there were clear traces of the cubs trying to scratch and failing and being exhausted.

‘I ate my first win.’

…It seems like Sun Ah-hyun’s advice really worked well at the right time.

I turned my eyes to the bed next to me. Our eyes met at that moment saving us the trouble of calling.

“Do you want to eat something?”

“Hmm?”

“For a late-night snack.”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to think about what this meant for a moment but then a ‘!!’ appeared on her face and she straightened up her upper body.

“Hey would you like to have a late-night snack?”

“…”

It’s a symptom of ‘I have no ability to relate to peers and can’t immediately understand what it means to be hungry.’

I guess I can feed him something in return tomorrow morning. I moderately calmed down Seon Ah-hyun who was answering questions and resumed road monitoring.

Let’s see. After that there wasn’t any big topic for a while.

Since it was an inactive period the main focus was simply fans’ reactions to roommate and moving content.

But more recently the atmosphere behind the scenes has completely changed.

It started with a certification letter.

———————==

[I saw a strange thing at the hospital it was a great benefit]

\: On the way back from going to the emergency room because of a stomachache I saw several men with long legs getting out of a van in the parking lot.

From the ratio to the number of people I heard that idols were kingly gods so when I looked closely it was an island. I confirmed it because Kim Rae-bin wasn’t wearing a mask. Haha it’s sloppy.

But your complexion looks bad. Is there anyone in your family who is sick? It was exactly that angle.

(shaken photo)

———————==

Since it was posted on a community that believes that celebrities’ private lives are public property it was met with no criticism and just received a lot of reactions.

I held back a sigh.

‘…I was complacent.’

But there was no way that there would have been anyone at that time who would even consider such a thing.

You never know who might be on the deathbed right now.

“…”

After that post I checked various results by appropriately combining search terms such as ‘Ravin’ and ‘hospital’ in the search terms.

-What is Ravine’s witness story at the hospital?

-I’m blocking related stories. I don’t plan on finding out until Ravin says it himself.

-All the kids went together… I shouldn’t spend money like this but it makes me cry for no reason.

The guess that one of Kim Rae-bin’s grandparents was sick was almost certain.

Still in most fan communities mentioning it openly was prohibited.

‘It spread faster than I thought.’

It seemed like it was because the original direct verification post was spread widely before it was deleted.

‘The company’s response was a bit slow.’

It was clear that I had missed this part because I was concentrating all my energy on reorganizing the album preparation schedule and preparing for media response.

So it was perfect for stalker-style crazy guys to run amok under the water.

He seemed to feel a strange sense of superiority as if he had gained access to information that many people were curious about.

-I rented a van in the name of the manager. Are these guys playing around with each other? LOL Where is the content and where are they practicing? Where are their original intentions?

-Are you calling a woman? Calling a woman? Isn’t it true that you didn’t invite a girl? Someone please find out quickly.

-He said he had to cut off his entire vacation because of Ekanu’s eyes so he went to Gangwon-do to soothe Gomer’s eyes~

-I make songs it’s annoying.

It seemed like some people who heard the news from the company or officials or copied their cell phones were reproducing the information and installing it.

Moreover there are even those who claim to be Kim Rae-bin’s fans and make all kinds of speculations and nonsensical nitpicks.

-Ah Myoreppang I feel like I’m going to have a mental breakdown. What’s happening on a regular basis? Shit

-No one has died so why did you give up on work? Why is there no news of anyone returning to the dorm? LOL.

-Rebun please put your career first right?

– Skipping the regular album to spend time with a sick family haha? How did I catch such a domestic stone?

It’s a sight to behold.

‘…This side hasn’t been cracked down either.’

I… I didn’t have the mental capacity to care about this at the time so I let it get to this point.

“…”

Let’s stop fucking. Self-criticism is not a nuisance if you do it when you have time.

‘Shut up and use your brain.’

A few useful patterns immediately popped into my head.

‘First of all it would be most cost-effective to disclose the message room capture first.’

The comments made regarding Kim Rae-bin’s work are posted on social media as a kind of comeback notice.

Then we will be able to put an end to speculations about Kim Rae-bin’s current status and anxiety related to her participation…

Even in the worst case scenario it will work.

So… even if Kim Rae-bin cannot participate in this activity in the beginning.

There will be less needless criticism.

Still there will be biting and stretching cubs but this time we are ready to handle it neatly.

‘You should hit me first before filing a complaint.’

This is the first thing to do as soon as you form a dedicated team. And the dedicated team will be completed within this activity even if it means I don’t sleep.

‘Before that let’s do what we can right now.’

I immediately selected and captured the most appropriate conversation about Raebin Kim’s work.

And I tried to quickly obtain consent for uploading to the group message room.

Raebin Kim is nocturnal so if possible he would still be awake.

[I think you might like it if I capture some of our work and upload it.]

[Keun Se-jin\: (I agree with that emoticon)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: I have to come out!]

As expected the ones who don’t sleep well jump out and react right away.

And Kim Rae-bin’s response arrived in time.

But the content was a bit strange.

[Raebin Kim\: It’s okay]

“…?”

It was a typo that did not suit Raebin Kim at all.

It looks like he slipped while trying to write ‘I think it’s going to be okay.’

‘…Did I make a mistake because I was sleepy?’

I crossed my arms. And I waited for a reply with as conservative an attitude as possible.

However… no corrected answer came even after several minutes.

“…”

So this means that ‘he’ Kim Rae-bin lost contact without correcting the typo.

It was nothing to laugh about.

‘The expected situation is… ’

It’s like

I tapped my fingers on my arm.

‘…Is it an obituary?’

If that is the case you should not call now. Even if you call it will only interfere with the emergency situation.

I barely came to a reasonable conclusion.

‘…I’ll check tomorrow morning.’

By then… everything would have been sorted out whether it was porridge or rice.

[Big Sejin\: Ravin?]

In the message room messages from other guys calling Raebin Kim appeared a few times but it soon quieted down.

Everyone seemed to have caught the mood.

About what might have happened.

“…”

I kept turning my brain to come up with as reasonable a response as possible.

‘The timing of the obituary and SNS upload should not overlap.’

I decided to hold off on uploading.

And then I immediately put my smartphone down and lay down on the bed.

“It’s radish. ruler…?”

“uh.”

‘Let’s stop thinking about useless things and go to sleep.’

There is no time or space for this.

I didn’t sleep very well but I used my fatigue as a sleeping pill and was able to fall asleep reasonably well around dawn.

However even after dawn Kim Rae-bin was not contacted.

* * *

It was after 8 o’clock in the morning.

“Let’s get in touch.”

“I don’t know what the situation is so why not wait a little longer…

“I want to call you!”

“wait for a sec. We’re already behind schedule. “Let’s talk while we move.”

The living room was noisy with people giving different opinions about the current situation.

It was already past time to leave for the practice room. I sat down on the sofa and tilted my head back.

‘Damn it.’

My head doesn’t turn.

‘Maybe it’s because I can’t sleep.’

This guess may also be an excuse. Bacchus 500 is running well. This isn’t a matter of fatigue it’s a matter of my mental state.

I exhaled.

‘…I’ll have to check.’

…If you put it off any longer it’s avoidance. Now I really have to make a phone call.

It was then.

Drurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

“…!”

The smartphone I was holding in my hand rang.

A phone call… came.

“Is it Ravin??”

Raebin Kim is right.

Without even thinking I immediately pressed the call button and held it to my ear.

“hello.”

-brother!

Kim Rae-bin’s voice is…

Bright with excitement.

-Last night Grandma Ha fully regained consciousness… and was able to talk!

“…!”

It wasn’t an obituary.

Suddenly a strange sense of relief arose as if firecrackers were exploding all over my head.

And then went on a rampage.

I don’t know if it’s good. However I couldn’t control my voice.

“Then you should have contacted me right away…!”

-I’m sorry! He was supposed to be going to bed in the middle of the morning but I thought it would disturb him so I tried to wait until 9 a.m.!

“…”

The answer was so bastard-like that I was speechless.

I relaxed and took the smartphone away from my ear. Members gathered around.

“Are you Raebin Kim?!”

“Are you okay?”

Liu Chengyu asked quietly.

“Mundae should I take it?”

“…yes.”

I handed over my smartphone.

The voices of people rushing in and talking excitedly into the phone rang in my ears.

“Ravin you have a nice voice?”

“How about it?”

I… I don’t know.

It was just strangely refreshing.

I don’t know if it was because of Kim Rae-bin the phone call or this damn situation or the status window… but it was just like that.

Fatigue goes away.

‘Are you crazy?’

I sighed and pressed my eyebrows.

“Ravin is coming up this evening!”

“Oh you set the date just right~”

I know.

Sometimes it seems like it’s just like this.

As soon as I got my smartphone back I logged onto SNS.

‘Let’s do our work quickly.’

My head and hands were itching.

* * *

That morning.

It was less than an hour since Kim Rae-bin called Park Moon-dae.

A short article was posted on Testa’s SNS.

———————==

My heart flutters (photo)

———————==

The post which was uploaded without any introduction was accompanied by a capture of a friendly group message room carefully selected by Park Moon-dae.

-Hey guys.

It was a signal for a comeback.
