---
title: "Chapter 226"
category: "book"
index: 225
section: "Chapter 226"
slug: "226"
---

# Chapter 226

The public response to group message room conversations was well received.

-Is this really a comeback??? The title song is Ravin’s own composition?

-What is the group chat room announcement lol?

(Capture with underlined ‘No more than 10 emoticons allowed yes you Lee Se-jin’)

-Have you seen Mundaeng who just talks about work no matter what happens? He’s a dog so he’s used to shit.

-No Bae Se-jin is really crazy about using hamster emoticonsㅠㅠㅠㅠ

As long as there are no particularly problematic subjects wouldn’t small and friendly content like this be a steady seller? Plus there was a hint of a comeback so it was sure to be fun.

…However before uploading this it underwent an unexpected inspection at the last minute.

-Um do you want me to capture it and upload it?

-okay.

-Wouldn’t Chungwoo be better at this? You’re the leader.

-…!

-I think fans will like it more since you don’t usually post things like this~ Don’t you think?

…That was correct.

It might be more natural than mine which has already used similar patterns a few times.

So I accepted Keun Se-jin’s feedback and posted the article on Ryu Cheong-woo’s side and handled it neatly.

-Wow it was Cheongwoo.

-Ah Ryu Cheong-woo’s younger brothers’ names were saved with animal emoticons after them. Are you crazy? This guy.

The results were good so it was right for me to keep my mouth shut and like it but I have doubts in my head.

‘I can’t believe I didn’t think of this before that guy.’

Didn’t he seem like an impatient child with only one motivation?

I feel like I need to at least do a self-diagnosis to see if my form has dropped.

I clicked my tongue and crossed my arms.

‘Do the next thing properly.’

Of course preparations for the comeback had to be completed properly before that.

Even if one person joins separately it is planned to proceed step by step but the process of harmonizing with each other on stage is still essential.

Still the other members including me have some time to spare. We have completed a lot of filming that can be done without Kim Rae-bin.

But not Raebin Kim.

‘That guy has to do all that from now on.’

Thanks to this Raebin Kim was so busy that almost as soon as he joined the team he started talking about work.

But in the meantime he didn’t forget to say hello.

A few nights later as soon as I finally had time he sneaked into my room.

“My sister asked me to deliver it to my brother and Cha Yu-jin! I tried my best to do my best. “Thank you very much.”

What Raebin Kim presented was… Yakgwa and pumpkin sikhye purchased at a local restaurant. I think it was probably sent by courier.

But the amount is enormous.

‘I guess Cha Yu-jin clearly knows what I like… ’

Since the two give different things it is reasonable to at least match the tastes of the person whose tastes you know.

Because I don’t particularly like or dislike food.

‘I wonder when I’ll eat all of this.’

Still I have to say what I have to say.

I accepted the box wrapped in a huge cloth.

“thanks. “I will eat well.”

“thank you! “I will definitely pass this on to my sister.”

Raebin Kim smiled and nodded. It wasn’t of much use to me because I had a gloomy look and hadn’t slept well in days.

I was a little conflicted and eventually asked a question.

“…Grandma are you okay?”

“yes! “We are in constant contact with him and he says he is recovering his physical strength smoothly.”

It was fortunate.

I nodded silently.

“And in the future if you experience any physical discomfort such as illness I asked you to tell me honestly…”

“good job.”

I tapped the guy on the shoulder once or twice.

Now that you have gone through this process you will be able to accept it more calmly even if the moment that Kim Rae-bin was worried about comes someday.

‘…Even if you can’t avoid it you can probably deal with it.’

That’s it.

I shook off my useless thoughts and picked up the bag he gave me.

“Then… this should be refrigerated.”

“That’s right… Oh bro! “I’ll take it!”

“It’s done. “I got it anyway so what?”

It was just as I was about to take the contents of this bundle which would need to be refrigerated anyway to the refrigerator.

“Oh by the way there’s something I wanted to ask you!”

“What is it?”

Raebin Kim followed and raised his hand.

“I’m curious as to why you opened the message room related to remote work for this album to your fans!”

“…!”

“Since there hasn’t been an official press release related to this album yet I was worried that there might be a risk of it being leaked…”

Raebin Kim’s eyes sparkled.

“I’d like to ask what kind of efficiency you expected to be worthy of taking that risk!”

“…”

I’ve never thought about that kind of risk…

I looked at him a little incredulously.

‘Unless the KakaoTalk server is hacked there is no way the song will be leaked.’

I’m worried that the song and album are so sincere that there’s a risk that they only exist in theory.

Still I think it may take a while for the group to personally reveal the possibility of a comeback before an official statement is made.

However it would not have been appropriate to directly point out those comments that crossed the line.

‘Should I take out only the least irritating parts and tie them together?’

I opened my mouth calmly.

“Some of your fans noticed that you were at home. “I told them to be calm.”

This was also the real reason. There were quite a few people who were anxious and worried about Kim Rae-bin’s mental condition and condition.

Of course the primary goal was to make the people who were talking bullshit shut up.

– Hahahahahahaha Lebung is more serious about his career than you guys~

-Where has everyone disappeared?

-What if God took care of it before you even beat him? Beating him must be the joy of life.

Seeing that reaction made me feel at ease.

‘This is the correct answer.’

“Is that so?”

But… Raebin Kim still had a puzzled look on his face.

“But you will automatically feel relieved when the official comeback press release goes out next week.”

“…!”

“The pleasure that Message can provide would have been valid even then so it would have been safer and better to upload it later… Oh no! “I’m sorry for talking back to you.”

“…”

I was devastated.

Is that correct?

right.

This does not mean that Kim Rae-bin’s hypothesis about the risk of leakage is correct but it does mean that there was no need to be conscious of underground public opinion like X and respond directly.

Anyway everything will be resolved once the comeback teaser comes out.

Posting a screenshot of the group message room in a hurry was just a hint that he was aware of the bullshit.

The only good thing is that Ryu Cheong-woo posted it not me so it passed naturally.

My initial judgment was… wrong.

“You’re right.”

I muttered.

There was a voice that came to mind.

-But don’t worry too much bro. How can I change someone else’s mind with my own?

-That’s not true and not everyone believes that…!

While listening to the people around me complaining I acknowledged that I was focusing more on controlling public opinion than necessary and then repeated the same thing again.

Even this time didn’t I commit something that had no utility like a headless bastard?

It was obvious.

It’s just that… it was hard for me to bear the sight of my family dying and being criticized for it. Fuck you.

“I made a mistake because I was oversensitive.”

“Oh no! “I’m asking a question that doesn’t need to be asked…”

“No this is correct.”

I kept muttering.

“I guess it was because I was needlessly thinking about the past.”

“Yes you mean before…?”

“okay.”

My speech was slurred as if my spinal cord had frozen.

“I’m late.”

“yes…?”

“When I got there other people’s families had already completed identification. “Only my parents stayed until late at night…”

Are you crazy?

I bit my tongue.

“Tongue hyung.”

“I’m sorry for saying something unnecessary. Anyway your guess is correct. “It was my mistake and there was no big meaning or efficiency in it.”

“I’m sorry…!”

Kim Rae-bin… looked like she was going to shed tears and snot at any moment. Damn it.

I put down my luggage and rested my forehead.

“What are you sorry about?”

“I chose the wrong topic to remind me of a difficult experience…”

“No.”

I told the truth.

“It was difficult because I didn’t deal with it properly at that time…”

“no!”

Raebin Kim cut off his words.

And he clenched his hands into fists clearly nervous.

“From what I remember my brother contacted me while he was studying at the academy at the time… so I received it after some time had passed. Is that correct?”

“…okay.”

You even said something like that.

Kim Rae-bin shook his head intently.

“But isn’t a student’s duty… studying?”

“…!!”

what?

I looked at him as if I had been hit in the back of the head.

“My brother was just doing his best in his position. So… it was just an accident.”

Raebin Kim swallowed his saliva.

“As if it wasn’t my mistake to go to MT.”

“…!”

“Is that so? Of course each case is a little different…”

okay.

you are not me

But aside from that I did my best at the time… it’s true.

I just felt like my best wasn’t enough.

And no matter what I did to deal with it I just couldn’t admit that there was no way that wouldn’t be difficult.

-No one is good at this kind of work.

As I said directly to Raebin Kim no one is good at this.

“…”

I held my head.

The shock was strong but the answer was clear.

I finally saw it when I judged Raebin Kim as a reference.

‘What great things can a middle school student do?’

I thought he was too young to have experienced such trouble but he couldn’t bear to see me in my situation when I was younger.

So… is it time to re-evaluate?

‘okay. It’s worth watching.’

That was enough effort for a middle school student.

“…”

Somehow I felt relieved.

…I had an unfounded feeling that my sleep quality would be good today.

“I think there is a basis for making a similar emotional judgment based on Hyung-hyung and my recent situation but…”

“okay.”

Still let’s confirm this first.

This poor guy was watching me and kept trying to persuade me.

Kim Rae-bin’s complexion brightened.

“…! That’s right! So it’s my fault for reminding you of a difficult experience!”

“No that’s not it.”

You’re being too clear about saying it’s your fault. I think I was inverted because of the joy that persuasion was successful.

I lifted the box of herbal medicine and sikhye again and spoke as softly as possible.

“…Thank you for your kind words.”

“Huh!”

Kim Rae-bin bowed his head again.

“I really thank you brother. In the meantime… Thanks to my brother I received a lot of help and was able to participate in the album safely.”

They say it is beneficial to the group itself so they are doing this again. There is no end to this.

‘I need to lighten the mood.’

I asked lightly.

“Is that why you gave Cha Yu-jin something in return?”

Raebin Kim looked with a straight face.

“no. “I gave it to you as a courtesy.”

“…”

I don’t know if they are just friends or if they are treating each other like fools but I hope fans see it the former way.

I shrugged and put the yakgwa and sikhye in the refrigerator.

“Eat well.”

“yes!”

For your information let me just say that this gift was picked up one by one by those who lost their sugar while preparing for the comeback and had to manage their weight at the last minute.

‘It’s a good thing to be self-employed.’

…The mysterious thing is that Cha Yu-jin was not involved in this case.

Anyway such a funny incident was short-lived. The album release date was getting closer by the minute.

The first signal was the release of a teaser.

* * *

“What are you doing?”

“I won’t. go away.”

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan gritted his teeth and pushed his snooping younger brother.

‘I’m so damned because I don’t want to admit that I can just find it myself!’

If you were interested in Park Moon-dae you could have just looked for him but it was quite annoying that he tried to sneak a look at it as if he was arguing with him.

Of course even taking that into account her current reaction was more intense than usual.

Because there was something to worry about.

‘Are you sure Kim Rae-bin is okay…!’

There was a rumor going around that my grandparents had collapsed and had to join the preparations late.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan ripped off his fingernails.

‘First of all after seeing it posted on social media it seems like the family problem hasn’t gotten any worse.’

Still since the preparation period was relatively short I had an ominous feeling that there would be little Kim Raebin in the album…

‘Oh it’s noisy! Then protest for an increase in the length of the next album!’

Why worry about buying it!

After yelling once she grabbed the mouse.

I’m sure it will come up at midnight…

‘It’s up!’

[TeSTAR ‘Call’ (Nightmar e) Official MV Teaser]

And she covered her mouth.

“Huh?”

The thumbnail is Raebin Kim!
