---
title: "Chapter 227"
category: "book"
index: 226
section: "Chapter 227"
slug: "227"
---

# Chapter 227

Raebin Kim’s personal fan froze the moment he checked the thumbnail.

Kim Rae-bin with colorful chains wrapped around her ears and arms was making eye contact with the camera while wearing an all-black knit.

“Ugh!!”

It was a great atmosphere and face but there was more emotion than that…

This is because Kim Rae-bin’s fans have been waiting for this moment for quite a long time.

Activities with Kim Rae-bin as the center!

‘They’ve been eating too much among themselves! Honestly even people who were less popular than Kim Rae-bin were chorus center!’

Whenever the list of parts for each member came out for each active song Kim Rae-bin hovered between 4th and 5th place.

And there were individual fans who poured out double insults every time they looked at the statistics.

‘Isn’t it the rule of the country to criticize producing members for monopolizing the volume?… ’

They keep grinding their teeth and asking why these are the only exceptions.

I certainly thought it was attractive that Kim Rae-bin had no talent for politics but it was also true that I was upset.

But finally this moment has arrived!

‘It looks like this we should have ordered it to the center a long time ago.’

The individual fan immediately clicked on the video without even thinking about it further. It was almost a reflex action.

“…”

Dark black and white screen.

Testa’s new song teaser began with slowly rising hazy smog-like smoke.

Black letters appeared.

-CALL it.

Beyond the smoke lights hanging from black wires could be seen being shaken by white hands with distinct bones.

The moving lights left blurry afterimages and smoke.

But there was no sound.

“…??”

Black cuts containing only letters like dialogue are inserted between mysterious scenes with an aspect ratio similar to that of a black-and-white silent film.

A contradictory situation in that there is no sound in the song’s preview.

-Sometimes.

It will CALL you back.

Then suddenly the video took on color.

Pale and colorful colors of light bulbs such as turquoise and purple flickered and colored the smoke.

And in it the members appeared one by one.

All of them were wearing strange accessory parts with chains applied to their body parts as if they were being restrained.

Bright yellow or blue primary-colored eyes flashed through the dark hair of the loose top.

Short expressionless cuts in different poses passed powerfully with symbols of a cunning feeling.

And the last thing that came out was the cut in the thumbnail.

Raebin Kim with purple eyes staring at the screen.

But suddenly six hands came out from outside the screen and grabbed Kim Rae-bin’s body.

“Huh.”

However Raebin Kim remained calm.

Instead of reacting I opened my mouth slightly and whispered something.

[…]

But the video still had no sound. Because it was a silent movie style.

Instead dialogue cuts from silent films appeared one after another as before.

“…!”

And the sound actually came from here.

A low resonant voice and an octave higher voice heard on a black screen.

-Welcome welcome

This is the sound calling you

The airy whisper-like melody line had a slightly ominous feel to it.

And more than that I felt that there were definitely elements that were trying to appeal.

‘It’s sexy!!’

Raebin Kim’s personal fan threw the mouse.

The short teaser was already over but that was enough. Anyone could see that this was a decadent and sexy concept!!

From the explicit close-up of the hand in front to the members’ outfits everything screams that this concept is languorous decadent and sexy!

‘Is this why Kim Rae-bin was the center…!’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan hit his head on the desk because of the choice which was so excellent that there was no room for refutation.

And at that moment reactions began to spread like an active volcano around the fan community.

-Crazy just teaser

-What is the teaser?

-〈Gyeong〉 Testa After 3 years of debut finally sexy 〈Congratulations〉

-It’s early summer so there’s a bit of fear mixed in. I’m scared but it’s okay. I’ll enjoy it.

-No it’s a costume ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Ravin is holding on to the members’ 6 hands. There’s no way it’s not true. First of all I believe that guys.

-Is this… the taste of sexiness?

As Park Moon-dae thought during the preparation for the 3rd team match of Azusa there are few concepts that are as powerful and effective as long as they are done correctly.

In addition the teaser which mixed artistic references so as not to be too explicit calmed the hearts of those who wanted to be a bit pretentious.

Thanks to this the teaser instantly became a hot potato not only in the fan community but also in various entertainment-related communities.

[Testa’s new song teaser went viral as soon as it was released]

[Collection of reactions to Testa’s new song ‘Nightmare’ teaser]

[Tester teaser that seems to have a sexy concept this time]

[Testa member who reacted with black hair and body chain]

There was even a review video on WeTube analyzing ‘why the response was so good.’

It was the first time since the ‘Training’ teaser that a teaser alone had such an enthusiastic response.

At the time it was almost embarrassing to even compare as it was no different than an 8-minute solo song introduction music video made by each individual.

However as always opinions were divided once it left the fan community.

-It’s so blatant it’s chilling.

-Ugh it looks like the concept will work this time.

-V-Tik also did something like this in their 5th year haha. Well they were in a hurry because it was a 5-year contract…

-I’m a little worried that I’ll become solemn.

-These guys really can’t lose their concept. Just a black suit and a sexy concept would get them halfway but I think they’re going too far.

It was half a lie.

Even excited overseas KPOP fans are clicking the teaser like crazy showing signs of an unprecedented hit and there are forces trying to beat the odds in some way.

Of course there were people who really didn’t like it.

The main reason was that the concept was too heavy and mature to be digested after three years.

-That kind of thing is a completely double-edged sword. If you can’t digest it it’s just a meme of ridicule.

It was a situation that even fans would talk about. However most fans had some faith.

This is exactly what Testa has been doing up until now.

‘If the company gives us money our kids will do well!’

That belief which was close to inductive reasoning was felt as a bit of pride among fans overall.

Thanks to this Testa released various pre-comeback content according to schedule and absorbed expectations without any backlash or noticeable public concern.

– Conformer appeared.

-ㅠㅠㅠThe white confetti taken with dried flowers is really the best. Park Moon-dae is such a beautiful flower but I can’t even think of the groom in May.

-Wow what should I do? It seems like I’m expecting too much. It doesn’t work. Calm down.

-Idols who even look good with black nails are making a comeback now the best opportunity to become popular.

If it succeeds it will be great but if it fails it will be a bigger blow than expected.

And on the day the music video was released.

‘Come out quickly.’

‘Come now.’

A short and bold 5-minute music video was released before the bloodshot eyes of fans whose expectations were already high.

Drurr.

The video began with Park Mun-dae dragging a white bed into the screen in a format similar to a CCTV screen.

That was the moment when he let out a small sigh and lay down on it.

[after.]

The bed sank down.

And without warning the screen’s colors flipped to black and then turned upside down.

Tuk.

The black-haired Park Mun-dae fell from the black bed on the bronze ceiling and sat on the lightly cracked floor.

And the moment you tilt your head a classic silent movie-style dialogue cut appears like a teaser.

[…Dream?]

Park Moon-dae smiled and fell backwards.

Diiing-

Diiing-

Dididididididi-

The song started like that with a strange riff melody filling the screen as if an alarm bell was ringing.

[Take a good bite.

slightly sweet

[Your last thoughts]

There was no special storyline.

The camera just slowly moved around this bizarre space like an amusement park attraction focusing on each and every member that suddenly appeared.

And the members simply appeared in a fascinating or powerful manner and played their parts.

However the way the focus changed was mysterious.

Swish.

The member shown on the camera was dragged by a white hand that appeared from somewhere and disappeared.

And as if in a connecting motion the focus changed as if cutting and pasting the cut of the new member who seemed to be the owner of the white hand in the smog.

When the dream-like and chaotic composition combined with the dark and lush appearance of the members it felt somewhat dizzying and strangely stimulating.

[Dreams can be horrible

But not now

Call me can you hear me?

voice]

And choreography that uses a lot of interspersed lines bold props costumes and even vocal directing.

As everyone guessed it was a concept aimed at sexiness. However it was not too heavy as some people had worried.

[Call-it

Call that name now

Sticks like honey and won’t fall off

Nananananana-name.]

This is because they mixed the right talent in the right place.

It may sound a little languid due to the singing style but because the beat and bass stand out the sticky feeling is not excessive.

Based on that the members’ characters popped out every time in the cut so the bizarreness of a space where reality seemed to be inverted was not excessive.

However this did not mean that the eerie and languid heaviness that appeared in the teaser was completely ignored.

They were short and deep pushed into the latter bridge.

To satisfy those who would have expected that kind of enjoyment.

[Welcome welcome

This is the sound that calls you]

The strange whisper-like refrain was the same.

And then there is the bridge in the style of an intense teaser video where you feel as if you are about to collapse and suffocate in the black and white smoke that suddenly blows in front of the camera.

Tup.

A large hand holding the face in a harsh tone like a beast or a ghost. And even the eyes sparkling between those fingers.

It was decadent even slightly sensual.

Moreover at the climax a gorgeous choreography cut full of visual beauty was added without mercy as if asking people to forget about the bridge.

As if trying to hold his gaze.

Thanks to this the viewer was completely focused on the wonderful sight that was generously provided and was completely captivated by it.

The choreography stopped and the song ended.

And everyone looked at the camera at the same time like a painting as if they had been interrupted.

Swish.

At that moment the screen suddenly turned black without any lingering effect.

The sound of breathing heard in silence.

[Huh.]

Bae Se-jin wearing a white round tee opened her eyes in a white bed. And then he gasped as if he had been shocked by a nightmare.

But soon the close-up expression disappears and turns into a faint smile.

As if I was caught up in something.

And the video ended with him slowly tapping his slightly sweaty ear with one finger.

[Call me]

This can be interpreted symbolically but if you accept it intuitively it is very easy to interpret.

It was a music video that resembled a set of primal stimulation.

-What did I see?

-You crazy people.

-Testaaaah!

-It’s so good I can’t believe it hahahaha

And fans whose high expectations had been met began pouring out comments like lightning.

* * *

“I heard that Testa’s latest activity is already causing a great stir!”

“Oh thank you!”

This interviewer was a very lively person. Thanks to this the voices of those who were dying from lack of sleep also became louder.

And the good news was actually real.

‘…I never thought the response would be this good.’

Only half a day after the music video was released.

First of all I felt the power of this concept when I saw all kinds of songs vocals and edited GIF files being shared one after another and posted on popular posts.

There are some concerns that the song may take a backseat but it wouldn’t be too late to consider that on stage.

Anyway in the current schedule let’s start with the interviewer who was excited by the good reaction.

“…So is there a meaning to the music video and these piercings?”

“It doesn’t have any special meaning but I managed it consistently because the one who drills a lot has a wider range of choices when digesting multiple concepts!”

“I see~”

I glanced at Raebin Kim who was enthusiastically participating in the interview and nodded with a silent smile.

‘I said I was taking a video.’

They say they plan to focus on internet articles as it is a suitable media interview but there is no harm in managing the behind-the-scenes information as well.

Well at any rate the questions I’m getting are at the level of ‘You all had a lot of piercings in this album. Did you really get pierced?’

Ah finally it was my turn.

“Now then what about Mr. Moon Dae?”

“It was all earrings for me.”

“So any personal beliefs…?”

“No I’m just scared of being sick.”

“yes? ha ha ha!”

Actually it was difficult to manage and it was a bit awkward to carelessly puncture someone else’s body so I gave up but this would be a more appropriate answer.

“Mundae is surprisingly scared~ He can’t even watch horror movies!”

“Really? No this music video is quite creepy. How are you going to monitor that…?”

“yes. “I watched it blindfolded.”

“ha ha ha!”

When I give up and just acknowledge it people are laughing and laughing here and there.

Yes I hope people who watch the interview also think like this.

In fact I’ve become so used to this little schedule that it’s not a big deal.

Surprisingly many of the questions people ask are standardized and routine.

What excites me the most is the stage and entertainment.

And… there is something special to do just for this activity.

‘Now is the time to implement it.’

I laughed a little remembering the ‘official letter for the formation of a dedicated testa team’ that I checked in the morning.

I will somehow intervene and control it.
