---
title: "Chapter 228"
category: "book"
index: 227
section: "Chapter 228"
slug: "228"
---

# Chapter 228

Establishment of a dedicated team of artists just for Testa.

On the surface it is supposed to be carried out by the Planning and Coordination Office but in reality it was expected that the head of the department would also have input.

‘There’s no way he could fall into something like this with his personality.’

Even if it was just a message from headquarters they probably wanted to somehow adjust the direction to suit their own tastes.

So I was considering ways to gently instigate the management office once more to intervene in the name of mediation.

I was thinking of creating a gap there even if it meant accepting more people…

There was no need for that.

‘He just does it.’

-Oh of course! Of course the opinions of testers should be reflected…

Just by expressing its intention it was a declaration of surrender that Testa’s intention would be reflected as much as possible in the planning of the dedicated team.

‘What is it?’

I wondered how on earth this was possible but it turned out to be simple.

This was because the signal for this activity was so good.

Even though it’s only been one week since the activity the response has been beyond imagination.

This goes beyond simply measurable factors such as album sales and music charts but in terms of experience.

[Is this how you do it…? Testa call challenge!]

[Nail Copy\: TeSTAR (Nightmare) ｜ Personal customization and interpretation added! \: )]

Even if they are not fans people who see them follow them or comment on them spring up all over the place and stories emerge in communities and daily lives that have nothing to do with idols.

WeTube entertainment shows belonging to broadcasting stations that are good at following the trend quickly pick up music video elements and use them.

If I were to summarize this in one word it would be this.

‘It’s the beginning of a trend.’

Actually I felt it even on stage.

Yesterday the stage of a culture and arts promotion event was broadcast on the public airwaves and it was a live broadcast.

-Oooh…

This is because I got the feeling that fans of other groups were particularly excited to watch our performances.

Even VTIC fans.

Until now I had the feeling that fans of other idols responded with appropriate restraint while watching but that hesitation has disappeared.

This meant that a consensus on the trend had already been formed.

No matter how close idol fans are to the Internet they can die in just one week.

‘…Of course the response from our fans was above average.’

The tearing moans and shouts that were constantly coming into my in-ears come to mind.

-Quaaaaa!!

-Aaaaaaa!!

Well… this may be due to the nature of the concept.

In any case this means that overall the tremendous performance and explosion of topicality were unusual.

To top it all off the kid standing on stage at the end of this event began his greeting with these words.

-congratulation. Are you going to take the grand prize?

-… I don’t know what will happen.

-haha. What do you not know?

-…

-It’s clear how it will flow.

With those words Cheongryeo went up to the stage.

‘Fuck you.’

I don’t think he’ll ever hit my head with a hammer anymore but why does that bastard still have a flaw in his head?

‘The dog looked fine.’

Anyway that guy’s solo performance is as good as that of the group so he can’t blame Testa for his slump.

And actually… I was right.

‘I think I could win the grand prize.’

If the activities continue like this without any controversy based on the results and momentum so far the target audience has been confirmed in at least one or two places.

‘Usually the division is divided into 2-3 categories so even if you remove the VTIC position the angle is still there.’

And if I were to summarize all of this in one sentence it would be this\:

The ransom price was soaring through the roof.

“Mundaemun University have you seen the unit price of this advertisement?”

“okay.”

It was twice the highest amount during the ‘Travel’ activities.

It seems like the agency is only picking out the ones with the best image at the highest price possible but it was still an incredibly encouraging thing.

‘The first-team treatment started even when we were on the road.’

Now it seems like even the story of VTIC Daehangmani’s generational change is starting to become more credible.

So the agency also thought that way.

‘It’s going to be a long-term battle so let’s calm them down and maintain a good relationship.’

Since it is unclear whether or not the contract will be renewed the signs of trying to get rid of all the backbone that can be removed within 5 years have suddenly disappeared.

Because it’s too much of a waste to just use it for 5 years.

Of course at the same time it seemed like a crazy effort would begin to try to find weaknesses until the contract renewal season but we’ll talk about that later.

First of all let’s pay attention to the fact that even though Testa comes out hard the agency employees act like Eul to please him.

‘When Raebin Kim was working from home the fact that he handled progress issues with his agency rather harshly by notifying them also seems to have had an impact as a precedent.’

I think they even asked me if there would be a dedicated team issue out of concern that they might make a fuss about not doing anything this time.

Therefore internal group meetings related to the dedicated team were able to be held through this busy schedule.

However it was of little use.

“First of all… I would like people from the AR team who have worked with me since ‘Magical Boy’ to come.”

Raebin Kim raised his hand.

“I completely agree with that! And they also said they were willing to come.”

“…??”

Suddenly an impromptu spokesperson appeared.

“Ravin when… um did you ask?”

Raebin Kim said proudly.

“In fact as soon as word of the dedicated team spread we talked to him and he said he would come!”

“…”

“Ravin you better be careful because there is a security problem…”

“Oh sorry! “The AR team brought up the topic first…”

Because it was like this.

Those who already wanted to come have heard the whole story and appealed to the relevant people.

And since the company is trying to make a sudden friendly gesture toward Testa it looks like everything will be OK.

I touched my chin.

‘This has already been tacitly agreed upon.’

Therefore there was nothing to agree on other than asking for someone who the company would not provide for the existing working-level staff and would instead turn to a new person.

“Okay then let’s tell them that we want to be together.”

“Yep.”

However as the silence passed Bae Se-jin noticed and opened his mouth.

“…Then shouldn’t we just look at the people who are getting new jobs? “Well… like that interview.”

Oh that’s a pretty reasonable opinion.

It is true that we decided to add new personnel to about one-third of the dedicated team.

Especially the personnel on the management side.

Liu Chengwu nodded.

“Well it would be nice to have time to get to know the new people.”

However there is a practical problem.

Before I could speak Big Sejin opened his mouth first.

“But I don’t know if we’ll have time for that~ do we?”

okay. right.

How can I have time to watch someone else’s interview when I barely made time for this meeting?

I crossed my arms.

‘At the very least it takes time to ask questions in advance to see if your work-handling style is right… ’

ah.

I thought of a method worth trying.

I muttered to myself.

‘Status window.’

I think it’s time to try the slot machine one more time.

‘Well I’d like to pick ‘Sleep is Sleeping When You’re Dead’ one more time.’

Or the ability to extend the day to 30 hours… well increasing work speed is also good.

First check the status once.

[Name\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

Level \: 19

Title\: None

Singing\: S

Dance\: B+

Appearance\: A-

Talent\: A+

Characteristics\: Infinite Potential Time of Indulgence (S) Bacchus 500 (B) Snatching Ears (A)

!Status abnormality\: If you are not an audience member you will die.

Points remaining\: 1

‘There is natural increase.’

S- became S as if it was worth the strain on my neck. Somehow the reviews have been better lately.

I can’t deny that there is quite a sense of accomplishment.

‘good. Then next.’

Other changes… You can level up once and draw the accumulated characteristics twice through the pop-up.

‘Because the term hasn’t lasted that long since the last check.’

In fact it was amazing to have accumulated this much in just a few months. That probably means that the spring out and this activity are impressive.

So… I’m thinking of putting the points aside for now and squandering them on drawing the necessary traits.

‘It’s funny to call it a waste of money with number 2.’

Last time I tried it 5 times and only ate an S at the end.

But now I know for sure.

‘It’s obvious that I’m giving you the characteristics you need right away so spit it out.’

I glanced at the flashing ‘Click’ text in the pop-up window and pressed it while pretending to raise my arm.

Number 2 will change soon while these guys are talking.

As the lever in the picture turned the compartment flashed in color.

After passing through the candidate sites I had seen several times… what stopped was a golden compartment.

Grade B.

It may seem like a normal hit but if you read the words inside the box your thoughts will change.

Papa pang!

[‘Bacchus 500 (B)’ acquired!]

“…!!”

[Attribute\: Bacchus 500 (B)]

-Clear mind and healthy body!

\: All fatigue accumulation speed -50%

The fatigue recovery totem that has been so useful has reappeared.

And as expected a pop-up appeared.

[Check the same characteristics!]

Would you like to synthesize ‘Bacchus 500 (B)’?

‘also!’

The time has finally come to strengthen this essential characteristic…!

I clenched my fists without realizing it.

“Mumundaeya…?”

“Are you okay?”

It was so good that it was awesome.

“I’m looking forward to it and it feels really good to hear that we’re forming a dedicated team.”

“I see!”

“I guess it’s really true. It’s been a while since I’ve given such a long answer to a question.”

You can stop making excuses and let’s go.

I immediately clicked ‘yes’.

A round indicator appeared in the status window as if it was loading and then a colorful fanfare erupted.

[Synthesis success!]

Obtain ‘Bacchus 1000 (A)’!

A clear mind and strong body!

-All fatigue accumulation rate -50%

+100% to all fatigue recovery rates

It turned.

‘There are more recovery options.’

Isn’t sleeping like this once every two days enough?

What is certain is that it will not interfere with your activities and you will be able to squeeze in time to prepare questions and answers for interviews.

‘It’s a huge long-term benefit.’

The rebound while on vacation… Well it happens all the time but it doesn’t matter if it gets a little worse.

There are no aftereffects so I lay in bed for three days. No since it also increases recovery you may not feel like you are on vacation.

‘Now that I think about it I didn’t make a fuss during this vacation.’

I think it may be that caring for Kim Rae-bin was treated as a type of work so the status window did not judge it as a vacation.

Anyway I had no idea that this questionable game system would spit out something so useful this time.

‘good.’

I hope we continue to be this cooperative in the future. I might get frustrated if I keep doing this but I have to do this much.

I nodded looking at the updated properties in the status window with satisfaction.

“Is Mundae nodding his head now?”

“Aren’t you imagining the people on that dedicated team…?”

Let’s just say it’s similar.

The launch of a dedicated team was already anticipated.

To be exact this is the effect that the launch will bring.

* * *

Testa’s first manager was on his way to work frowning.

‘Fuck you.’

The kids have grown up and become arrogant making work increasingly difficult.

They say that when you get star disease you start by treating the staff poorly. Isn’t that exactly what happens?

He was even parachuted in and took away the position he had worked on and his opportunity for promotion was also pushed back.

In his judgment there was no such thing as X-small entertainment. The manager was furious at this unfair situation but was frustrated because there was no response.

‘But you just have to hold on for a little while.’

In a few days Testa will be celebrating its second anniversary. This means that his career will soon complete two years.

Since the number of digits was different I was thinking of going somewhere with experience with this.

‘I’ll kick everyone in the back at that time.’

The manager who shouted out loud even though he knew about the confidentiality clause half-heartedly headed to the company.

Because we worked all night all of the testers were in the company conference room.

But the moment you enter the lobby.

He was suddenly called to the human resources department. And then I heard the shocking news.

“yes?”

“So… it’s not a joke. “You don’t have to come out starting tomorrow.”

It was news of a layoff.

The manager looked at the team leader in bewilderment and exchanged a few words but soon realized that there was no room for negotiation.

“Just take out your luggage okay?”

Immediately the emotions that had been suppressed by the fear of being fired rose up.

It was anger.

“No team leader. “What… isn’t this unfair dismissal?”

The team leader was so embarrassed that he didn’t want to talk any further which further incited the manager’s anger but he soon became stiff as he listened to the recording being played by the team leader.

-Brother Ravin’s grandmother has collapsed so we are moving…

-what? At this early morning?

-Yes you should come ‘this morning’. We are moving right now so please wait nearby as soon as possible.

-… Oh okay.

And a small curse sound is heard as it cuts off.

“…”

If the tester wasn’t very popular if there wasn’t much connection to the head office or if the manager had connections it was a situation that could have been passed over.

Because we were close friends I don’t know how I could have blamed it on being rude.

But unfortunately for the manager it wasn’t for all three.

“Yesterday the artist’s phone cloud was hacked and almost spread. know?”

“…uhh uh.”

“Hey just… go out gracefully. uh? “If this blows up in the media you will have to leave Korea. Look at the current atmosphere.”

It was a sentence of no recovery.

The manager left the company on his own.

And Park Moon-dae who heard the news from upstairs by the AR team who was excited about the gossip chuckled.

‘Stupid bastard.’

He had never turned off call recording since high school.

‘I sent one.’

I felt refreshed.

He continued preparing for the next step with his body running quickly due to his characteristic.

‘…2nd anniversary.’

Testa’s debut date June 18th was just around the corner.
