---
title: "Chapter 230"
category: "book"
index: 229
section: "Chapter 230"
slug: "230"
---

# Chapter 230

There are several reasons why this situation was concluded as a coma after a car accident.

The first is the extent of the injury.

‘The fragment entered his chest at least 5cm.’

I had seen it with my own eyes just before and I thought about it a few more times to see if there was any exaggeration but I was certain.

It will definitely be a fatal wound.

From what I remember… the bleeding was also severe.

The fragment was not removed and if it gets stuck the prognosis is not likely to be good.

But it won’t be instant death.

‘It’s not like it went straight to the heart.’

It’s a late-night road but it’s in the middle of Seoul.

Since Bae Se-jin reported it if the police had checked an ambulance would have come… then at least he would have been on the brink of death.

‘There’s no way I could die right away and start over.’

…That can’t be possible.

The second reason is because of my face seen in the mirror.

“…you’re not 29.”

I couldn’t recognize it right away because I was embarrassed because it was Ryu Geon-woo’s face but when I looked at it again slowly I understood it.

I was too young.

‘This… was at least long before I graduated from college.’

However this is the motel where I first woke up as ‘Park Moon-dae’ and it was the same date as the calendar I checked at the time.

[202×December]

In other words the time zone does not match.

Just in case I also checked my wallet on the dressing table.

It was the number of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ with only the last digit of his resident registration number changed to 3.

A chill ran down my spine.

[Ryu Geon-woo 0X1208 – 3XXXXXX]

Ryu Geon-woo 20 years old.

“What is this…”

However there were no suicide pills or a suicide note on the bed.

…Isn’t it as if they just took Park Moon-dae’s situation and tailored it to Ryu Geon-woo?

‘It’s not at the level of inconsistency… ’

It doesn’t come off cleanly.

When you get to this point you will think again about the phrase that appeared in the status window.

[Name\: Ryu Geon-woo (Park Moon-dae)]

-Enjoy your daydream \: ) –

‘daydream’ means daydreaming.

And the fact that ‘Park Moon-dae’ is written in parentheses instead of just ‘Ryu Geon-woo’…makes me think about this possibility.

‘What if it’s because I’m still in Park Moon-dae’s body?’

This leads to suspicions that I may be in a coma and dreaming something absurd.

‘Besides the system intervened here.’

…that coin.

If what I subconsciously saw was the coin I received after clearing the previous condition then this situation occurred because of that coin.

Until now I assumed that it was used in stores considering the cliché but now I have a different guess.

‘…Isn’t it an extra life like an arcade game?’

This one too… suits the game system. I was so dumbfounded that I laughed at myself meaninglessly.

“under.”

Anyway if you put all of this together…

I clasped both hands.

“…There must be a way to go back.”

If this situation is given as a way to wake up from a coma just wake up.

And usually the best way to wake up from a dream is -.

“Should I jump?”

This motel isn’t a particularly high-rise building so you won’t die if you fall from here.

I don’t know if that will be enough.

Moreover since Park Moon-dae’s real body may die it is dismissed for now.

Next… I’m going to be shocked but honestly I don’t think I’ll be shocked enough by anything right now.

There is already a lot accumulated.

‘What else could there be?’

I tapped my knees with my fingers.

The most standard method remained.

‘…Wait until your body recovers.’

External recovery.

But I don’t know how long it will take. I don’t know if I can recover.

“…”

Given the given circumstances I chose the most moderate method first.

‘First look for hints.’

If this is a system intervention there may be a hint to wake up while understanding this dream.

‘The status window may respond.’

I stumbled out from under the bed. Then I took my wallet and left the motel room.

First let’s check what kind of situation ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ is in in this coma.

* * *

“…”

I gritted my teeth as I brought out my newly activated cell phone.

‘It’s the same.’

I had the same financial situation as my 20-year-old enemy. The only difference is that I didn’t go to college like Park Moon University.

However there was no contact with relatives.

‘It’s organized in a way that’s completely convenient… ’

So that no contradictions appear.

Moreover I realized a crucial point.

‘You sing well.’

This body has all the abilities of the real-life ‘Park Moon-dae’.

Just like when I first woke up to ‘Park Moon-dae’ I realized this after going to a karaoke room and singing a song.

All the stage sensations I experienced in Park Moon-dae’s body remained in this body as well.

‘Are you encouraging it?’

In reality we should follow the same path that ‘Park Moon-dae’ took.

So as if digesting all of that as the real ‘Ryu Geon-woo’…

“…”

Let’s put aside useless thoughts and move forward with our dream.

‘The next thing I did… participated in &lt;Azusa&gt;.’

He is going to a nearby karaoke bar to be invited by writer Ryu Seo-rin.

‘It’s not a difficult task.’

I wonder what I would do if I were to actually participate… Although it was a pain in the ass the attempt itself was not difficult.

‘Because my face doesn’t look bad to begin with.’

First of all the song was S-tier so the chances weren’t bad.

Since I couldn’t think of any other options I decided to give this another try and immediately headed to the karaoke bar.

But it failed.

“…”

I don’t know if the dates were off or if it was a dream so I don’t know what the difference was… Author Ryu Seo-rin didn’t come to the karaoke room for a few days.

‘Fuck you.’

And I knew.

‘The audition is already over.’

That there is no other way.

There is no way for me to squeeze in between them… realistically there is nothing.

“…under.”

I ended up in the same place again without any hints.

‘What are you asking me to do?’

Should I pretend to be crazy and go up to the rooftop somewhere?

However the judgment that it was too much of a risk as the body would already be unhealthy did not change.

‘Then what you can do is… ’

The best way for me to debut is…

there is.

“…!”

I knew one sure way.

But it was dangerous.

‘…If you do it wrong you could fall down here.’

Still if there is nothing you can do anyway there is no harm in trying.

‘I even thought about jumping off the roof but this is it.’

I took out my phone and typed in a contact number that was familiar to me since I had only seen it through text messages.

There are some numbers with one or two confusing digits but you can just send them all and that’s it.

[I used to raise a different breed of dog every time but this time I’m not raising one. Is it because the last time it went bankrupt due to rumors of schizophrenia?]

Because there is a certain number of people who will react to this phrase.

Only the parties concerned cannot ignore it as spam.

There is no need to talk about the future or the past or restarting. I’m not the type of person to contact you because I’m agitated by such obvious things.

It has to be this specific to be agitated.

“…”

I spent some time sending the texts and waiting for them to be confirmed.

And after a while.

Drurr.

-What are you?

I got a call right away.

I responded calmly to the words that came out without any escalation.

-People like you

I guess you understand this much.

And after a short and bloody phone call I saw him in a conference room inside LeTi’s agency.

“…”

“You’re here.”

Perhaps because it was the break season you managed to find time to meet even though it wasn’t late at night or early in the morning.

If this were the case even in the first week of activity he would have found out the details first.

Even now I contacted them to get a clue but it was clear that they would have left it to me to do some background research on my number.

I nodded at the guy sitting with the cap on.

“As I said… it’s restarting.”

“…”

The guy looked at me without an expression and suddenly spoke.

“How many times?”

“The third time.”

Then the atmosphere changed completely.

“I guess I couldn’t go very far.”

Cheongryeo responded gently then released his arms and placed them on the table.

‘…I finished the calculation.’

Since I’ve only done it a few times I think I can shake it off.

And seeing that he didn’t know him even though it was the third time… he thought that they couldn’t go back to the past together.

‘I leave it to be misunderstood.’

There is no need and you shouldn’t say useless things like coma or anything like that.

Whether this bastard is reconstructed from the knowledge in my head or the system intervenes and is identical to the real thing this bastard at this point is a crazy bastard suffering from reset syndrome.

I spoke quietly.

“First of all I apologize for any rude comments I made through text. “He told me to do at least that much because he wouldn’t respond with harsh words.”

“Oh did you even say that to me?”

“yes. “It just so happened.”

Of course it’s a lie you idiot.

“Hmm… I guess it came from a few years later.”

“It’s three years later.”

“Oh it’s been 3 years… How am I living?”

“You are living well. “The overall public opinion was that VTIC was the target again this year.”

“I see.”

It may not be as long as the period you turned it over but 3 years is a fairly useful number. It’s enough to make you roll your eyes.

‘…Let’s not talk about solo.’

This guy is not in a position to be considered right now.

Once you start wondering there is no end to it.

Cheongnyeo grinned.

“I guess we got along pretty well.”

“Even after I realized that it wouldn’t go back even if I restarted it it was okay.”

“That sounds plausible.”

Cheongryeo nodded.

And he asked without any agitation and with a smile.

“So why did you contact me?”

“I’m here to make a proposal.”

I spoke as naturally as possible as if I had already done it once.

“I want to debut here. “As quickly as possible.”

“Oh that’s the mission.”

“…”

Cheongryeo responded with a smiling expression.

“And… can I call you my junior?”

“yes.”

“is it so. “I guess what you’re saying is that you will provide me with information about the future.”

“Yes.”

I thought lines like ‘How can I trust you’ wouldn’t come out right away.

Isn’t it a situation where someone is willing to somehow take control and watch over you?

However there was no positive response right away.

“But… how do I debut?”

“…!”

“LeTi does not support solo activities. “The current trainees… there are none who are ready to debut.”

“…”

“Oh you already know. “I heard you came back from the future.”

I think you’re blocking solo or rookie debuts.

The former is afraid of being negligent in group activities and the latter is afraid of interfering with group activities.

Instead of saying that I said what I had in mind.

“…I have some members in mind. “We debuted together last time.”

“ah. which?”

“There is an audition program starting soon and I am a member of the cast.”

I thought about the guys that came to mind for a moment.

“…There is an opportunity to be officially recruited by another agency during the program… I would like to bring you in.”

&lt;Casting Call&gt;.

…No matter what you do here all you have to do is debut with those guys right?

I swallowed.

“So that’s why you need my help.”

And this bastard in front of me is going to hit me on the back of the head at any moment to nip the threat in the bud so let’s wake up before that happens.

* * *

“…”

The first thing Liu Chengwu heard was the notification sound coming from the device.

And when I opened my eyes what I saw was the hospital ceiling.

“…!”

I got up right away.

Then I felt hands around me trying to help me lie down again.

“…I have returned to consciousness!”

“You must not move. “I’m going to lie down.”

Having become accustomed to trusting the words of medical staff due to his long career as an athlete he reflexively relaxed his body.

Then he lay down and checked his condition.

My feet were fixed. It probably wasn’t cracked or broken.

‘…I’m glad it wasn’t an arm… ’

No he no longer needed to care about Palman as his highest priority.

However I should be thankful that the wound was not serious.

“…after.”

Liu Chengwu let out a long sigh and tried to come to his senses.

The surroundings were loud and noisy. He put the situation together.

‘…There was an accident.’

That former manager.

First of all it appears that the passengers were safely transported to the emergency room.

Since he was a celebrity it seemed like some privacy was considered but I could still hear the sound.

“…It’s okay…”

“Guardian here…”

Everyone would have been surprised. Still I was glad.

‘…I was last so everyone is probably better off than me.’

It seems like I came to my senses even before my parents arrived. Probably everyone…

It was that moment.

What had happened before he lost consciousness came back to his vision like a flash.

The shoulder that pushed me and the huge fragment that pierced the flesh underneath…

“…teacher!”

“yes?”

“Mundae… How about Mundae?”

“…”

“Mundae Park Mundae. “You know right?”

“…I think I should check that part too. “First of all the patient please rest assured and rest.”

Liu Chengwu also knew.

…It’s a lie.

Sweet. The door was closed.

Liu Chengwu was suddenly overcome by an indescribable emotion.
