---
title: "Chapter 231"
category: "book"
index: 230
section: "Chapter 231"
slug: "231"
---

# Chapter 231

The emergency room was still busy for this purpose only. This is because the news did not reach reporters.

Sejin Lee looked at the floor and thought silently.

‘I contacted the company so that’s over now.’

Even though he couldn’t calm down and calm down he had already screamed so all sorts of things would soon come out from the officials who were aware of the situation.

Still I couldn’t not do it… in this situation.

Aside from Liu Chengwu who was unconscious he was the only one who could contact the company but he couldn’t keep calm.

“…Hueup.”

Sejin Lee held her smartphone and took a breath.

My hands were shaking.

Most members were okay. The degree to which a joint is sprained or fractured.

We will have to check the aftereffects as time passes but Lee Se-jin only suffered minor abrasions.

The person who caused all of this was not wearing a seat belt so he was ejected and passed out. But even that was merciful compared to others.

‘I should have died.’

However Lee Se-jin held her breath due to overwhelming emotions rather than anger toward her former manager.

It was fear.

-Everyone is okay…!

When he checks the condition and checks on the members immediately after the accident.

What I saw next to Liu Chengwu in the back…

‘…No it’ll be okay.’

He must have been so embarrassed that he perceived the injury as more shocking than the reality…

Everyone had minor injuries but even Ryu Cheong-woo who was closest to where the car behind him crashed only suffered a cracked leg but Park Moon-dae… that’s impossible.

It was because of the bleeding. I received a blood transfusion and underwent surgery so I will be fine.

Uncharacteristically Sejin Lee tried to calm her mind by guessing about a field she did not know much about.

This is because Park Moon-dae almost signed the consent form for surgery just before that.

-The patient’s current condition…… is dangerous… so the tube needs to be inserted right away…

I tried my best to listen but I couldn’t concentrate.

It didn’t feel real.

‘We… just had our 2nd anniversary performance.’

No matter how many accidents happen without warning does it mean that they happen without us being able to prepare for them?

So helpless?

Yeah this was ridiculous.

‘It was going well for a while.’

Isn’t it so unfair? What did Park Moon-dae do wrong?

This is not an industry where talented sincere energetic and hard-working people are common so why choose Park Moon University?

A guy who didn’t have an easy life.

-Parental consent is required.

-The guardian…

There wasn’t. Sejin Lee’s blood ran cold.

-Can’t I just sign it? just…

-wait a minute.

It seemed like the cause of death was coming and going quickly so instead of getting Lee Se-jin’s autograph the medical staff re-confirmed the patient held a meeting and started the surgery right away.

It was possible because it was an emergency but anyway Lee Se-jin sat dumbfounded and waited for the results.

“…”

And I thought.

The other members who were already in a state of panic would have already received treatment so they would have known about the situation.

Lee Se-jin could immediately recall the crying screaming and uproar.

‘Soon sightings will appear… and as soon as articles appear rumors will emerge… ’

No what is the use of all that? First of all all members must be fine.

Sejin Lee gritted her teeth and squeezed her hands.

‘It’ll be okay.’

Still having surgery means there is room for recovery.

So if Park Moon-dae comes to his senses soon…

-And then he suddenly dies in his 30s!

‘Fuck you said that for no reason… ’

Se-jin Lee hit his knee with his fist. My vision is blurry.

‘He’ll wake up.’

It had to be that way.

* * *

“…This is Ryu Geon-woo.”

“Ah yes. Nice to meet you. Best of luck in the future! “This is Sejin Lee.”

I looked at the guy who greeted me politely with a strange feeling.

Even though he was in a coma he still looked like a bad guy but there was one difference.

‘This bastard’s eyes… ’

The taste went away.

He smiles and acts like he’s going to seize the opportunity somehow but I can’t erase the doubt and wariness in his eyes.

‘…Was leaving the show due to rumors a fatal blow?’

Moreover I don’t know why LeTi brought him back after he left the show due to rumors of school violence and I even don’t know why he was able to provide a detailed explanation.

“By any chance how old are you? “I’m 21 years old~”

“I’m 21 years old too.”

“Oh we’re the same age.”

First of all I don’t even dare to talk about it perhaps because I as a senior have judged myself to be higher in rank.

This means that my mentality has been shattered because of the rumors to the point where I can’t even take into account the recognition I’ve built through ‘Azusa’.

I said while holding back a sigh.

“Shall I stop talking?”

“Oh really? Good~”

Afterwards Lee Se-jin left to meet an agency official after having a formal conversation to obtain information.

“…”

Is this right?

I tried to bring in people I could scrape together before &lt;Casting Call&gt; but it strangely left me with a bitter taste.

Moreover Sun Ah-hyun’s side… has not yet given a response to her agency.

…After watching the broadcast of “Azusa” I understand why.

‘Fuck you.’

My head was pounding.

…I guess I should have used any kind of force to participate in ‘Azusa’.

In fact with LeTi it wouldn’t be a problem to kick out a participant from such a ruined program and replace him with his own trainee.

The problem is that the agency strongly refused.

-〈Idol Inc.〉? Why are you there…

‘…There is absolutely nothing to gain from this.’

Adding two or three people as trainees was possible because they had not yet debuted.

However an unverified trainee with this agency’s name tag cannot participate in a low-quality program.

At this time everyone thought Azusa Season 3 would fail spectacularly.

‘Persuasion didn’t work.’

It seemed like it would be possible to encourage Cheongryeo a little more with future knowledge bait but with Azusa’s first filming coming up right around the corner it was simply impossible due to time constraints.

‘It’s like X.’

The only positive thing to note is that this agency treats me quite well.

-Geonwoo have you really never taken separate lessons? really?

I was a trainee for the past two to three months and after about the first 15 days he figured out my skills and his attitude became much friendlier.

It was worth it. 3 years since debut main vocalist Jjam has not gone anywhere.

‘It looks like they’re even making plans to have him join the debut group.’

Since there is no news of their debut even after 3 years I would like to tell them to throw it away.

“…after.”

I sat down and looked at the mirror in the practice room. My familiar face which I had seen for 29 years was reflected in the mirror.

…I’ll be honest the process itself is much easier.

My abilities are already almost complete the company is smart and the treatment is good. Besides I already know which song and concept I should debut with.

If they gather only members with proven abilities they will definitely achieve success after debut.

And since you can’t see the status window it would be best to bring in people who have already worked together.

‘…I think it’s only a matter of time before Sun Ah-hyun gets in touch.’

It would be perfect if we could bring in a few more guys through &lt;Casting Call&gt; and debut them. If this is not possible you can add at least one existing trainee.

So even though it is much easier than the reality of going through all the terrible things that happened with &lt;Azusa&gt;…

Strangely I was reluctant.

“…It’s not reality that’s right.”

I ended my thought by saying that it was inevitable because my goal was to wake up.

“You mean it’s not reality?”

“…!”

When I turned my head I saw Cheongryeo opening the door at the back of the practice room and walking in.

‘That bastard didn’t even learn to knock.’

I answered hesitantly.

“I just did it.”

“Well it was time to think about that.”

“…”

“But it’s reality so don’t think like that. “Because it’s a waste of time.”

It didn’t work out but it was a dream bastard.

I just nodded without saying a word. Cheongnyeo smiled and continued speaking.

“Ah I heard &lt;Casting Call&gt; will follow. “That was filmed three days later.”

“…”

“You can’t appear on broadcasts. “I’m just taking it with me.”

“That’s enough.”

Did you really want to appear?

Anyway after his future knowledge was verified a few times the guy became creepy and friendly and even willingly agreed to manipulate the &lt;Casting Call&gt;.

“Um… this question is coming up?”

“yes.”

This is a reverse use of the method of ‘receiving a transfer offer from the agency with the most similar answers to a given question.’

Raebin Kim knows that even if he goes ahead anyway he will receive recommendations from LeTi.

And Cha Yu-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo… I also know that no matter what they do they are not the kind of people who should be passed over for work like this.

So I plan to catch the remaining one.

“Since I told you I’ll probably do it.”

Bae Se-jin.

If you do it right it is the easiest to catch at this point.

* * *

And a few days later on the set of Azusa.

“Move this first!”

I checked the situation among the staff by running errands toward LeTi wearing similar attire.

‘…the probability is high.’

First of all we confirmed that the agency contacted and talked with the two members before the &lt;casting call&gt;.

‘Kim Rae-bin and Bae Se-jin.’

It was through the advice of Cheongryeo who received my instigation.

The timing was such that “Azusa” was such a hit that they were happy to pull off a trick like this.

Both advised the deal in the most pernicious direction.

‘For Kim Rae-bin work support is the focus.’

-Among domestic entertainment companies we are investing the largest amount of our budget in production-related facilities.

This agency’s AR work was very systematic. Moreover Raebin Kim is someone who was curious about the recording program used by VTIC so there is quite a possibility.

And considering his moral tendencies he didn’t even mention the question leak story.

I only emphasized that all of this is an ‘official method’.

-I would be very happy if we could meet through an official transfer method in the program.

However I did add that if it were possible I could persuade Cha Yu-jin to come with me.

‘Cha Yu-jin is someone who pays attention when necessary.’

If you like this proposal you will notice what is going on and will give an answer like Raebin Kim would. Although the possibility is very low.

‘And Bae Se-jin… is safe.’

-The legal team is fully staffed and is actively working with large law firms to protect artists.

The contact was made openly with the answers to the questions with a subtle nuance that it was strong against disputes within the agency.

He’s already a bad guy but this should be enough.

And in this process surprisingly Cheongryeo played the role of influencing the agency externally on my behalf quite faithfully.

‘You did well to use the composer as bait.’

So now is the time to see the results.

I continued pretending to be a staff member and checked the filming location.

First of all… Kim Rae-bin.

[Well… um sorry. Since I am appearing I want to do my best in my work.]

Although I thought about it more than I did in real life I ultimately declined.

‘I knew so.’

But the important thing is what happens after that.

[Here.]

[Oh yes! thank you.]

I took a business card.

In other words if this program falls apart due to an unfortunate accident or if I withdraw from the program I will contact LeTi.

And don’t we know what will happen in the world?

‘This is enough.’

I’ve been watching this production team for 3 years and there are three or four ways to crush ‘Azusa’ from now on.

Moreover after the filming was over Ryu Cheng-wu took advantage of the confusion and took a business card from a LeTi official who sneakily approached him.

The results were better than expected.

‘What can I do with Cha Yu-jin… We can get everyone together and debut as is.’

Suddenly my head felt tingly.

I swallowed.

But not everything could go as expected.

[…no. it’s okay.]

“…!”

Bae Se-jin… refused.

I didn’t even receive a business card.

‘Are you crazy?’

Why are you kicking the rope? Even in real life I know for sure that I was worried a lot during this time.

[yes. I hope you win.]

However the results did not change.

Bae Se-jin has been confirmed to remain in Azusa.

* * *

“…”

I kept my mouth shut and walked away.

‘It feels like I’ve been slapped in the face.’

I was planning on skipping the ones that didn’t work anyway but I don’t know why I did this.

Suddenly.

I roughly entered the staff restroom intending to throw cold water on myself.

“…!!”

“…!”

And then I made eye contact with Bae Se-jin.

He clearly looked embarrassed as if he had been dragging his feet with the water running.

‘If that’s the case why refuse?’

I couldn’t hold back my irritation and spoke impulsively.

“How about agreeing now?”

“what?”

Bae Se-jin responded blankly.

“LeTi is a good agency.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned red then red again and finally white.

‘Did I stab him too directly?’

“What… you LeTi…”

“yes. “It’s the staff there.”

Bae Se-jin looked at me with a bewildered face and suddenly became extremely defensive.

And he responded sharply.

“You guys… do things like this to take away celebrities?”

“…!”

“Contact me in advance… and steal the questions.”

‘Fuck you.’

Did it get twisted here?

This guy was scared.

He sent the questionnaire and even brought up the legal team in advance.

Bae Se-jin felt that it might have felt similar to what his agency originally did.

“…”

bang.

Bae Se-jin left the bathroom as if running away.

And I had no choice but to admit my mistake.

* * *

In the car on the way home.

I crossed my arms trying to clear my head.

‘Let’s pretend it never happened.’

Still I felt dirty.

Cheongryeo on the other side checked that the member next to him was sleeping soundly and opened his mouth.

“Junior?”

“yes.”

“No I don’t understand. “I’m asking because I didn’t join anyway.”

“…”

“That last actor wasn’t even a good contestant so why did you bother to take him? “If it were me I would have taken this opportunity to cut it.”

“…what?”

“It’s not cooperative and it seems useless.”

“…!!”

I feel like I got hit on the head.

Why did you try to bring me here?

‘That’s it… ’

Because I was conscious of it unconsciously.

If Bae Se-jin debuts here there will be drug rumors and his career will be over.

‘That guy’s life… fuck.’

I gritted my teeth.

Actually I know.

It’s not even reality so what does it matter whether Bae Se-jin covers up the drug rumors or dies?

I don’t know why I even care about this damn thing.

“Don’t worry about your past relationships for nothing. “It’s a loss.”

“…”

“Everyone just takes business cards anyway so the number of people isn’t confirmed. Instead of doing that how about something like this?”

“What?”

Cheongryeo smiled.

“Um joining VTIC?”

“…!!”

What kind of crazy nonsense is this?

‘Is it a trap?’

He has a knack for telling people in a unique way that he should commit suicide for joining a top-tier group that is past the contract renewal season.

“No listen carefully.”

And surprisingly he started talking about a pretty plausible route.
