---
title: "Chapter 232"
category: "book"
index: 231
section: "Chapter 232"
slug: "232"
---

# Chapter 232

The ridiculous plan to add new members to VTIC started out as fresh bullshit.

“First of all my junior is making his free debut. alone.”

“…”

Is there a solo story all of a sudden?

“If there is no special incident this year… it will be rather easy to win the Rookie of the Year award in the male solo category. “Because there will be no competition.”

It’s a natural thing to say.

“Didn’t you say that this agency doesn’t support solo activities?”

“I think pre-debut is worth persuading.”

Cheongryeo calmly gave a positive answer.

‘No matter how much of a preview it is before your official debut are you that confident?’

As expected the reason this agency excludes solo artists to an extreme level is because of this guy’s influence.

I crossed my arms.

“Even if you debut like that what guarantee is there that you will achieve success as a male soloist?”

It has been a long time since a male idol without a group achieved success as a soloist.

But Cheongryeo laughed haha.

“Ah not a performance-oriented idol but a vocal-oriented singer.”

“…!”

“You are the first junior to come out of LeTi after VTIC. It’s sure to be a hot topic right? “Because the fields are different we will be able to avoid some checks.”

It’s as they say.

Moreover traditional male solo ballads and indies that are aimed at sound sources rather than dance-type solo singers like idols… have a good batting average.

As long as the song is good.

“And we will be releasing a collaboration song with the VTIC unit early next year. “It would be nice if it was the kind that showed some kind of performance.”

“…”

Is this something that appeals to me that performance is possible and ties me up with VTIC?

“There are many examples of collaboration songs from the same agency so even if there is a backlash it can be easily overcome. “If your grades are good and your role as a junior is clear the opposition from fans will subside.”

At this point I know what you mean.

I opened my mouth.

“…And if the main vocalist incident breaks out are you really saying that you will accept bullshit like ‘It would be better to add Ryu Geon-woo’ and have me join the group?”

“You’re smart. that’s right.”

This means that Ryu Geon-woo will be introduced as a replacement for VTIC’s main vocalist as naturally as possible.

‘That’s crazy.’

It was natural.

The reason I told you about the main vocalist incident was because it was the most expensive information that he wanted.

‘Furthermore although it is an incident that will occur one to two years later it occurs precisely at this time.’

In other words verification was easy. I thought it would be easy to build trust by proving that I came from the future.

However instead of trying to prevent controversy and maintain his form this guy is thinking of replacing him with me.

I furrowed my eyebrows.

“I don’t know why you’re suggesting that when you can prevent something from happening.”

The guy’s expression disappeared.

“Because people can’t be rewritten.”

“…”

“Remember this. Because this is a fact that will be useful in the future.”

It’s pure parts handling.

‘He’s definitely crazy but… ’

Let’s move on.

In any case to put it bluntly even if it means risking damage to the group I will not leave behind any seeds of disruption that I cannot control.

And instead of those who listen well and are desperate they will also include those who are useful and need to be monitored.

“So you’re going to try it?”

Me.

‘This is what happens.’

I never thought I’d get a chance to be in the same group as this guy.

I opened my mouth.

“no. “I decline.”

“…”

No matter how much you think about it if you mess up the plan it will end up being X.

And isn’t it like completely handing over the hilt of the sword to that guy?

‘This bastard is trying to coax me but if the situation changes he could put me in a situation after my pre-debut.’

Besides I don’t know if it’s just a dream but my actions right now are all about trying to find a hint to wake up from my coma. Let’s not take risks for nothing.

‘We go as close to reality as possible.’

…Even Bae Se-jin who couldn’t catch it will have another chance to be cast if the &lt;Azusa&gt; program collapses.

I squeezed my hand.

But there was no need to fight this guy so I came up with a very plausible excuse.

“I’m not sure if the Solo Rookie of the Year award will fit the mission. “If I were to win the idol group rookie award I would just die.”

“aha.”

I thought this would work. Cheongryeo crossed her arms and smiled cheerfully.

“Haha then you can try a different method next time. “You still lack the sense of challenge.”

“…”

Let’s not talk too long with this bastard.

Afterwards Cheongryeo did not immediately withdraw the proposal saying ‘I will give you a month’s time’ but left without leaving room for room.

‘I’m pretty sure I’ll give up within a month.’

He was a bad boy. If I’m bored I’d rather just see a picture of a dog or a guy in real life spraying flowers.

I sighed and got up.

‘Let’s just move on to the next thing.’

Now that I’ve laid the groundwork I’m going to have to pull out this reclusive guy.

…This is the Sun Ah-hyun of this dream.

* * *

The hospital room was quiet.

Only the white noise of medical machines and people moving across the hallway softly filled the single-person hospital room.

The private room was not chosen solely considering his status as a public figure.

This is because the patient using this private room has not yet woken up.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyeon quietly sat on the caregiver’s chair.

Park Mun-dae had no relatives. Even after Testa became so successful not a single person came forward claiming to be a distant relative.

So other than the hired caregivers only people he had known since he started his career in the entertainment industry came into this hospital room.

People from the company especially the members who came to their senses occasionally opened the door.

However numerous gifts sent by fans were still being inspected. Thanks to this the hospital room was completely empty.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun placed a fluffy crocheted doll on the table. It came directly from me.

The hand that fell from the doll trembled.

‘Let’s come to our senses… ’

Sun Ah-hyun held her breath.

Of all the members he visited this hospital room the most often and was able to pretend to be a caregiver.

Because Sun Ah-hyun… was barely hurt.

Unlike members who needed action for reasons such as fractures or who were busy fighting with the company they were able to move around from the beginning.

And I felt a burning sense of guilt about that fact even though I didn’t need to at all.

‘I couldn’t say a word… ’

When the other members tried their best to persuade or report the former manager he couldn’t bear to say anything.

It wasn’t that I was speechless out of fear.

It was because he was worried that he who couldn’t even speak properly would get in the way if he stepped forward.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun quietly put her hands together on her knees and froze on the chair.

My younger brothers are okay. Because he’s my younger brother.

However there was clearly a problem in that he could not do anything while the two people of the same age were persuading the former manager.

It was the same even after the accident.

Even if you had an ingenious or brave idea your lack of speaking skills meant that you needed someone to cover you when dealing with public opinion and the company.

‘Even if I get angry at the company I don’t think it’s working properly… ’

There was no separate side.

However it was not like he suddenly had medical knowledge and could help with Park Moon-dae’s treatment.

All he did was lead the members to the ambulance that was dispatched after receiving the report. Because my body was fine.

But even that was half-crazy.

Sun Ah-hyun clenched her fists.

‘Pathetic.’

So he was really useless. At least that’s how I felt.

However due to concerns about the bigger reality self-loathing was pushed down the list of priorities.

Park Moon-dae… has been unconscious for five days.

Although I heard that the surgery was quite successful I thought it was because the shock was so severe and there was a lot of bleeding.

‘I should have sat in the back seat at that time… ’

That would have been a much better result. The door handle hurts less…

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun wiped her face.

I couldn’t cry shamelessly over something like this.

I had to at least pray during that time.

‘Be healthy… nothing happens and no aftereffects.’

I hope you come back soon.

* * *

“Wow it’s nice to see you again!”

“Ah ah hello… how are you…”

“…”

Lee Se-jin who is almost artificially sad and Sun Ah-hyun who cannot even raise her head say hello.

I kept my mouth shut and looked at it.

My headache was throbbing.

‘…I didn’t even say anything.’

I thought there was a high probability that it was the same gold tooth.

This means that Lee Se-jin did not feel the need to force himself to be close to Sun Ah-hyun.

‘If you have that face Lee Se-jin might take a stab at it for networking purposes.’

To that extent it also meant that something was wrong with the quality of Sun Ah-hyun’s performance and the editing of the broadcast.

Actually I watched the broadcast so I know what happened.

‘…I was under too much control.’

It’s because in the first team match he forced the other guys to do parts they didn’t fit in and mistreated him like hell.

At least the editing wasn’t very friendly to Sun Ah-hyun who did this.

-Seon Ah-hyun is a real developing cancer;

-Just because you stutter doesn’t mean you can’t convey your opinion. I was so frustrated that I cursed.

Sun Ah-hyun’s teammates also received all kinds of criticism but there was also a lot of public opinion that said they ‘deserved to be mistreated’.

Thanks to this comments like ‘A kid like that shouldn’t be on Survival’ were uploaded with the most recommendations and it was crazy.

And here Sun Ah-hyun… was directly affected by the negative votes and was narrowly eliminated.

I pressed my temples.

“…”

‘I took it out first but… ’

Since I already knew this guy’s house it wasn’t difficult to go and talk to him.

Fortunately while I was cleaning up my room I visited and convinced my parents that I was a ‘LeTi trainee’ and brought this guy with me.

They were so worried about Sun Ah-hyun’s condition that they fell for the name of the agency that managed her image well through artist care.

Of course it was conditional on my own persuasion.

-We are not debuting right away but I thought it would be good if we stayed together while practicing.

-The student said “Thank you.” But if Ahyeon says she doesn’t like it I won’t recommend it any further.

-… Is it okay if I try to persuade you?

In that way I persuaded Seon Ah-hyun to talk to her in the room.

-The agency says that the group can debut only if you are included.

-…

-I was wondering if you would ever consider coming out to practice. I think you’ll do well.

Sun Ah-hyun didn’t react or kept her head down but eventually nodded.

He looked really sick… but if I feed him well and let him sleep well he will get better.

‘If I can practice and debut properly my mentality will be fine.’

Even though Sun Ah-hyun looks like a mentally unstable person at times like this she is a person with good resilience.

‘…I’ve seen it many times.’

Well… all you have to do is comfort him. I made my judgment objectively.

And after a while.

“Ahyun wait a moment.”

“…”

With her head down Sun Ah-hyun left with her parents to meet agency officials.

And Lee Se-jin asked me in a coy tone.

“They say that friend is also included in this group?”

“I think so.”

“Hmm I see. “I heard earlier that you persuaded me yourself. Is that true?”

“…”

“Hey you’re good at it~”

Sejin Lee sat down next to him. I suppressed a snort.

‘But has your mentality returned?’

Roughly speaking it was a moment similar to the first time we met in Azusa.

Sejin Lee who was sitting next to me spoke in passing in a sociable tone.

“Hmm… I heard you don’t have any other friends at work in mind?”

“…Why is that?”

I wondered if you were curious about another member. However Lee Se-jin waved his hand and responded lightly.

“uh? No that guy could leave~ just in case!”

“…!”

I felt a strange nuance… that I was sure it would go out.

I asked immediately.

“Why do you think that?”

“uh? “He came all the way here because he was scared of you.”

“…!!”

“If you look at it like that but… wasn’t it intentional to scare you and motivate you? Haha sorry~”

“…”

I… looked like that?

‘That can’t be possible.’

I tried to persuade him in the mildest way possible. I was never forced or bullied.

‘I’m just saying that I need Sun Ah-hyun… ’

At that moment Sun Ah-hyeon’s condition came to mind.

My self-esteem has hit rock bottom and my mentality has been shattered.

And the words I used.

-The agency says that the group can debut only if you are included.

…It might have sounded like it was your fault if I couldn’t debut because you didn’t come.

So Sun Ah-hyun couldn’t even reply and came with him.

“Well anyway you don’t know who will come right? Okay~”

“…”

Sejin Lee finished the conversation appropriately and walked out of the practice room while fiddling with her smartphone.

I thought.

Was the Sun Ah-hyun I knew like that?

Was the Lee Se-jin I knew the one who said things like this?

‘…no.’

It wasn’t.

At that moment the accident suddenly began to fall apart.

I stood there in a daze and looked back at my course of action.

‘It doesn’t make sense.’

What was I talking about when I started doing this trying to debut just like in real life?

Looking for a hint to wake up from a coma?

There is no guarantee that you will find it and there is even no clear reason why it should be the same as reality.

‘It’s just my guess.’

So the reason why I tried to make this guess with some certainty…

Fuck you. Because I just wanted to.

Because I want to embody the life I lived at Park Mun-dae.

“under.”

I sat down in the practice room out of breath.

And then I remembered the message in the status window.

-Enjoy your daydream \: ) –

‘Is this why it was a daydream?’

The meaning of daydream is a vain fantasy.

…So this was my desire.

I guess I wanted to keep the life I lived as Park Mun-dae. With mine.

But I already know the answer.

This is what I said directly to Cheongnyeo.

-Even if we start over and build the same team it will never be the same as it is now. Because the events and stories shared will be different.

That is impossible.

It could never be the same…

But why have I rationalized this shit?

“…”

I thought as I stuck my head in the giant mirror.

And I eventually admitted it.

‘I guess it’s because Park Mun-dae has been my life for the past two and a half years.’

Although I experienced it as Park Moon-dae all choices and thinking experiences are mine.

Because it was something my mind experienced directly. That couldn’t change.

Even if all this shit ends and I return to my original body Ryu Geon-woo… that won’t change the fact that it was my experience.

Now I understand.

“after.”

I lifted my head from the mirror.

The mirror was foggy and I couldn’t see my face.

“…”

Even though the face that should be shown over there is the face of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ this dream was not my life.

‘stop.’

I’ve been here too long. Now I wanted to return to reality.

To ‘my reality’ where I live.

It was that moment.

Tiring.

“…!!”

[Function unlocked!]

[Function\: Draw (Consumable)]

A pop-up… appeared.

And one more thing.

What I left behind in reality.

[Remaining Draw\: 1]

[Treasure Trait Draw ☜ Click!]

I raised my hand and struck it repeatedly.
