---
title: "Chapter 233"
category: "book"
index: 232
section: "Chapter 233"
slug: "233"
---

# Chapter 233

Raebin Kim walked down the hallway of the hospital room adjusting the box in one hand.

The other arm was still in a half cast and could not be moved freely so I had to move it more carefully.

Raebin Kim kept his mouth shut.

‘Unfortunate things like missing a box shouldn’t happen!’

Still after the accident the number of media officials waiting around the hospital was reduced considerably so they were able to enter here easily.

This is because quite a bit of time has passed since the shocking traffic accident was reported.

As the title ‘Recovering from surgery in a coma’ lasted for more than 10 days they left to find other prey.

It was a typical case in the entertainment industry where incidents occur every other day.

However the Internet was still in chaos with all kinds of pessimistic speculation article column fans’ worries and anger swirling around.

[Testar Park Moon-dae… Is there a risk of brain death?]

[Accident suffered by ‘The Groom of May’ &lt;Reconstruction of the Day&gt;]

[Prayer for Park Moon-dae’s recovery 7 days after surgery]

And Kim Rae-bin only occasionally checked these things on the search engine main page and did not have the knowledge or time to look closely at the detailed responses.

Therefore I only understood the simple facts based on the comments fans left on the official account.

‘Everyone is very interested in whether Moon Dae-hyung wakes up.’

Basically that was correct.

It was then.

“Raebin Kim!”

“…! “It’s a hospital. Be quiet!”

Cha Yoo-jin who ran out of the next hospital room used crutches brilliantly and chased after Kim Rae-bin at breakneck speed.

He was still hospitalized because his injuries were so severe that he suffered a bigger bone injury than Kim Rae-bin.

“Are you going to see Moon Dae?”

“…huh.”

“I want to go too.”

Cha Yu-jin answered steadfastly and walked at the same pace as Kim Rae-bin.

The calmness was unexpected for someone who cried profusely and said a quick unintelligible prayer in Spanish during the surgery.

‘I hope Cha Yu-jin is stupid.’

Kim Rae-bin briefly envied Cha Yu-jin and then silently walked away again.

Park Moon-dae’s hospital room was right nearby.

“brother.”

“We are here.”

“Uh uh welcome…”

Sun Ah-hyun who had been sitting quietly like a stone statue in the hospital room quickly got up and answered softly.

“Mundae-hyung are you comfortable?”

“…Yeah you said there wouldn’t be any uncomfortable places.”

“all right!”

Cha Yu-jin bravely sat next to the bed and began to explain the current situation to the unconscious Park Moon-dae in a mixture of Korean and English.

“Are the fans like paper? I’m sending you a new one. [It’s fascinating. I guess there are similar stories in every country. Anyway it’s good that you hope for a full recovery right?]”

His general opinion was that ‘he might be listening’ but because it was true that it strangely gave hope the members did not stop Cha Yu-jin.

“It looks like the other brothers have already come and gone.”

“…Oh I went to work earlier.”

“okay.”

Kim Rae-bin nodded and waited for Cha Yu-jin to finish her turn.

Because what he brought was very important news he couldn’t be bothered by Cha Yu-jin’s voice.

And as I watched Cha Yu-jin talking persistently for a long time I suppressed the urge to shout ‘Don’t waste the meeting time with repeated stories!’

‘You have to be quiet in the hospital room!’

Kim Rae-bin advised herself that she would show a refined appearance in front of that great Mundae brother.

And in the end I was able to quietly take over the baton without arguing with Cha Yu-jin.

“Hello brother…”

Of course there was no answer from Park Moon-dae who was lying down.

Raebin Kim somehow felt like crying. It may have been because it reminded me of my grandmother’s time but I just held on to it anyway.

“I have something prepared for you.”

Trying to stay calm he lifted the box and opened it.

The inside of the box was full.

Several sheets of paper with all kinds of lines and notes drawn on them iconic props and… a laptop.

Sun Ah-hyeon who was standing quietly’s eyes widened.

“This is…”

“…This is concept material for the next album.”

Raebin Kim answered bravely.

“We are working hard to prepare so don’t worry about your future schedule and just wake up comfortably!”

This is what he did as soon as he was discharged from the hospital.

“…”

Even Cha Yu-jin was speechless and looked at Kim Rae-bin.

In fact it is a very irrational behavior.

Even if Park Moon-dae woke up right away no one knew whether rehabilitation and return would be possible immediately.

Moreover it has been longer than expected since Park Moon-dae failed to regain consciousness.

It is said that there is even talk among medical staff that a full-scale re-examination should be conducted.

Despite this Kim Rae-bin has been ‘preparing’ her next activity in detail as if it were possible at any moment.

To report to Park Moon-dae who was asleep and couldn’t see.

‘know.’

Raebin Kim thought.

It was almost unbelievable that I wasted such a ridiculous amount of time predicting an uncertain future in a positive light.

‘But… I experienced it.’

Since the grandmother has woken up I am sure Brother Mundae will wake up soon as well.

“I’ll be waiting while getting ready!”

Raebin Kim thought back on his illogical conviction and sat down bravely on the chair next to the bed holding the box.

Then a loud noise erupted from the side.

“that’s right!”

“…!”

“Hyung wake up and we’re having another concert! “I do it a lot!”

“That’s right! “Mundae I’ll prepare it…!”

Following Cha Yu-jin even Seon Ah-hyeon who was downcast seemed to have been stimulated and shouted while holding on to the yarn she was knitting.

If someone else had been here they might have clicked their tongues or looked at me with pity wondering what kind of blue monk this was.

Still they persevered.

“…”

Of course Park Mun-dae still had no answer.

Because reality was not a cartoon there was no way a person in a coma would wake up when called by a colleague.

But they decided to wait.

Instead of making plans for a future without Park Moon-dae I chose to do so.

And for Park Moon-dae who was sleeping the moment of choice was coming.

* * *

The ‘Click’ phrase in the status window that I repeatedly typed flashed like in real life and brought up a new pop-up.

A now familiar picture of a slot machine.

When I pulled the lever… the compartment started spinning.

Platinum-colored cells are occasionally visible between the golden-colored cells.

However the spaces were not filled with all kinds of embarrassing phrases like in reality.

All the spaces were empty.

“…”

But I just waited for Khan to stop. Cold sweat dripped from the tip of my chin.

The moment when the slowly rotating slot stops.

Papang!

[Slot machine jackpot success!]

\: Draw legendary characteristics!

We arrived at a platinum-colored empty space.

[Attribute\: Obtain _____________!]

The blank space in the pop-up was stark. As if you could fill it with anything.

‘Is it because it was a dream?’

I couldn’t figure it out. But one thing was certain.

Platinum Legendary Trait.

‘It’s grade A.’

What do I know about Grade A?

When I thought about that a flash of premonition suddenly passed through my mind as if I had been hit on the head.

And without realizing it I opened my mouth.

“Bacchus… to 1000.”

[Enter Bacchus 1000 (A)?]

[Yes/No]

I raised my hand and said yes.

The additional effect attached to Bacchus 1000 which has been upgraded to A grade…

-All fatigue recovery speed +100%

So what if you move up to S rank?

[Check the same characteristics!]

Would you like to synthesize ‘Bacchus 1000 (A)’?

okay.

At that moment colorful lights exploded like firecrackers before my eyes.

And the pop-up was updated to a sparkling rainbow.

[Synthesis success!]

Obtain ‘Nectar (S)’!

The sweet taste of life

-Full vitality recovery (one-time use)

“…!”

This is it.

I sat down on the floor.

‘I did it.’

You chose the right option.

My body which was already standing up is sweetly absorbing the rest.

I was tense my limbs were shaking and my mind was full of unresolved questions.

But I understand one thing.

‘You can go back.’

It felt right that the moment I activated that my body would fully recover and wake up.

Instead of reality there is a possibility that ‘Ryu Geon-woo’s body in this dream may recover… no shut up. That won’t happen.

‘The status window didn’t work here in the first place.’

Moreover wasn’t it a combination of the characteristics I originally had in reality as ‘Park Moon-dae’?

This is unconditionally a real body object.

My mind felt thrilled.

And at the same time… I got nervous.

‘We need to do this quickly before the status window becomes inactive again.’

I didn’t know what else would happen in this damn dream. I tried to immediately activate the attribute ‘Nectar (S)’ that appeared in the pop-up.

And I muttered without realizing it.

“Let’s go back.”

“already?”

“…!!”

…When I turned my head the guy who had gone back saying he had a schedule was sticking his face into the practice room.

Cheongryeo.

I instinctively prepared myself for crisis. There were many excuses.

“I didn’t think there would be any more practice so I meant to go back.”

“lie.”

He walked into the practice room with great strides.

‘If I press it right now… ’

If you feel uncomfortable while pressing the air for a moment could this crazy bastard attack you?

While I was quickly weighing my profits and losses Cheongnyeo stood across from me.

And… he opens his mouth with a sour expression on his face.

“Well I don’t have as much grit as I thought.”

“what?”

“You said it was the third time? “I thought it would be a somewhat hasty decision to try to start over with something like this at this time.”

Oh was that the story?

Well this bastard has no way of knowing that this is a dream I had while in a coma.

I guess he understood it as ‘going back to the beginning’.

I responded in a much lower tone.

“No restart. “I thought about it for a moment and said it seriously but what I really mean is that I’m going back to the dorm.”

“is it so. Then listen.”

The seeds aren’t even working.

He spoke casually with an expression on his face that convinced me that I had decided to start over.

“First of all the two that my junior has collected… are in an awkward state to handle. They won’t always cooperate. “Did you see it this time too?”

“…”

“From now on it would be better to wait about a month before deciding to join. I think I was a bit hasty this time. “It was pretty good just before that.”

“that’s right.”

I laughed.

“I just chose it because I wanted to be with it.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo… became a mysterious face.

It’s as if the distant past has suddenly come to light.

And muttered.

“…Well since it’s the beginning it doesn’t matter once or twice.”

“…”

I didn’t bother to reply.

Instead after a while he deliberately spoke lightly.

“But if I restart please let the kids debut. “I will give you some good information.”

“Um those two?”

“They said it wasn’t very good. “I don’t think it poses a threat to VTIC.”

Cheongryeo shrugged his shoulders.

I don’t understand but it means positive. If you do this there is a good chance that you will do it if you feel like it if there are no problems.

I sent him off after he had calmed down.

And I sent him a few reservation emails.

[August 202X.txt]

Future knowledge arriving every two weeks.

And… the prosecution investigated the gambling house that Bae Se-jin’s father operated.

-It is an illegal gambling house that deals drugs in large quantities. Please be sure to check.

I’m not going to be here anymore anyway so it doesn’t matter if the reporter turns out to be me.

‘…This will make things a little better.’

Lastly I searched for and sent the hospital contact information of Sun Ah-hyun’s current counselor in real life to Sun Ah-hyun’s parents.

-This is the teacher I received counseling from and it helped me a lot.

widely.

After finishing everything I closed my smartphone and felt refreshed.

‘…Is there nothing left?’

It was then.

“Oh~ Are you close with senior Cheongryeo?”

When I turned my head the guy who had gone out looking at his smartphone was coming back to the practice room.

I looked back at the pop-up for a moment and answered Sejin Lee.

“…It’s not like it doesn’t exist.”

“okay?”

“Oh but I have no need to introduce you.”

“…!”

“That bastard is crazy. “Be careful in the future.”

“…what?”

The guy looked like he was wondering if he had heard something wrong. It’s the first human face I’ve seen in a while.

“…”

Maybe this damned dream will disappear the moment I leave.

So it’s just self-satisfaction but whatever.

I reopened my smartphone and spoke quickly to him.

“I’ll introduce you to a composer instead of that bastard so listen carefully. “I will put it to good use once I debut.”

“what?”

I sent a text message to that guy. It was the contact information of a composer who was still unknown.

Jiiiing!

The vibration was loud but Lee Se-jin looked dumbfounded.

“Now call here… After listening to the samples choose number 3 or number 7. Because that will work out well.”

“…What suddenly?”

I chuckled.

“Actually if I just listened to it I think you would choose that too. “I said it once.”

“…!”

Because you were like that in real life.

Lee Se-jin’s eyes were filled with embarrassment. Then after rubbing his face with one hand as if choosing his words he finally opened his mouth.

“Oh thank you but I don’t know what you’re talking about. Let’s talk after we calm down a bit shall we? “Why are you such a crazy person?”

When I saw one of the skins peeling off a thought occurred to me.

‘…If there had been a little more time it might have been resolved.’

It was somehow pleasant.

I looked at him for a moment then turned my back and headed toward the door.

“Hey wait a minute.”

“See you again.”

In reality.

There is nothing more to do here.

I waved one hand back and walked out of the practice room without hesitation.

The pop-up is still floating in my field of vision.

[Do you want to activate ‘Nectar (S)’?

(※Warning※\: Consumable characteristics/single use)]

“okay.”

And my vision burned bright white.
