---
title: "Chapter 234"
category: "book"
index: 233
section: "Chapter 234"
slug: "234"
---

# Chapter 234

Bae Se-jin looked at the smartphone with wide eyes.

Most articles that intentionally incite anxiety were taken down by the company.

Or at least that’s what the company was claiming but Bae Se-jin had a different opinion.

‘It’s just… isn’t it because it has already risen enough?’

This means that since the company has completely blocked out the details of the accident there is nothing more to worry about so the articles have become dull.

That’s right. The company was desperately trying to block the media from telling stories related to the former manager.

In the end the article simply reported that it was an ‘accident caused by the negligent driving of a former manager who was close to retirement.’

‘This is ridiculous.’

Bae Se-jin clenched his hands.

As a result of some members gritting their teeth and persistently interrogating the working staff they also found out how the former manager broke in.

-I didn’t hear about the change of manager from the performance company… They thought I was doing something else during the day and passed it on.

-…!!

So this accident… was also the fault of the company which failed to properly notify the relevant people that it had fired the former manager!

Since they knew this Bae Se-jin intuitively knew that they had even requested the headquarters and were desperately trying to crack down on the media.

Even now the company was being criticized on all fronts for neglect of its management personnel.

However if the facts become clearer they will suffer a huge blow so they are taking as long as possible until the incident subsides.

‘At that time… focus on Park Moon-dae’s recovery.’

Of course I had no expectations.

If some members had not strongly opposed the company they would have secretly mentioned the 6-member system activities.

‘It’s disgusting… ’

Bae Se-jin covered his mouth.

I know it can’t be helped but Bae Se-jin is completely fed up with the low-life capitalist view that only sees the group as a business foundation.

Since it is none of their business they act like they are insensitive to the schedules of their celebrities.

I’ve seen it so much since I was young that I’m almost sick of it.

‘In this industry accidents like this don’t happen every day or two…!’

Why does the same thing repeat itself every time?

This way apart from the superficial justification of being part of the system… it is no different from my previous agency.

Bae Se-jin gave strength so that the hand covering her mouth turned white.

‘…I need to find a more proper agency.’

There are certainly agencies that protect human ethics and are run by decent people.

It had to be that way.

‘If I just last three years… ’

Bae Se-jin almost fell into an endless stream of consciousness. But I barely managed to get out.

Because I was thinking of Park Moon-dae.

…still hasn’t woken up.

“…”

Bae Se-jin weakly dropped the hand holding the smartphone.

I also know that no matter what plan you make this will only work properly if you have Park Moon-dae.

‘What… I treat it as if I’ve been doing that all my life.’

Bae Se-jin had never seen such a superhuman peer.

That shining talent confidence and boldness. That alone makes him seem like a natural entertainer… He was even skilled in social life.

There was a time when I felt a sense of relative deprivation during the idol audition program but after my debut I no longer felt that way.

Because I didn’t even feel like comparing.

‘I… received a lot of help.’

There was a time when I shouted out loud that I would definitely pay it back but it is true that it was too far off.

‘I wondered if there would come a time when Park Moon-dae would need my help.’

In fact he himself coldly assessed that what Bae Se-jin did to help him was clumsy because he was only thinking ahead.

But this time Bae Se-jin really had to make a move. Something had to be done.

Park Moon-dae could not wake up and the other members were injured or mentally and physically exhausted so they could not perform at their usual level.

‘But… I’ve always been like that.’

This is because in the past he always lived in a state of mental and physical exhaustion and sensitivity.

So in this situation it was Bae Se-jin who had to act more actively.

“…”

Bae Se-jin removed his hand covering his mouth. My eyes were sparkling.

‘let’s do it.’

Bae Se-jin picked up her smartphone and checked a contact number somewhere.

Then I took a deep breath and started writing the email.

“…”

My hands were shaking.

‘But I’m the only one who can do it!’

Bae Se-jin gritted his teeth and pressed send.

He didn’t know if this would be an effective choice. But when I thought about it I was right.

“…Whew.”

Bae Se-jin sat back down in his seat.

And he tried to stay calm while fiddling with the hamster-patterned case that a fan had given him as a gift.

It was then.

[♫♪♩~ ♫♫♪♪♩]

“…!”

I got a call.

Bae Se-jin hurriedly checked the smartphone screen.

-Seon Ah-hyun’s younger brother

Bae Se-jin answered the phone without even taking a breath.

“What happened…”

Several excited voices rang out on the other end of the phone.

“…”

Bae Se-jin who had been waiting calmly was shocked by the completed sentence.

“…Now wait a minute! Soon…!”

Bae Se-jin stuttered and ran out of the conference room without even finishing the sentence.

My heart was racing.

* * *

After activating Nectar (S).

Suddenly my vision turned white and before I knew it my mind was floating in empty space.

No rather than floating… it feels like I’m being sucked into somewhere.

‘Is this the exact opposite of when I entered the dream?’

At that time everything turned black.

To put it in perspective I would like to guess that I am waking up.

I tried to fold my arms and realized that I couldn’t feel the shape of my body. And it’s been quite a while.

‘How long should I wait?’

That moment.

Color came into the pure white space.

‘…!’

No it’s a wave rather than a color.

From far away.

Strange shocks came over me as if I had sensualized abstract things like emotions or thoughts.

Piing-.

‘…!!’

A powerful experience passes by as if my whole body is shaking.

and.

The first thing I noticed was Park Moon-dae’s home master looking at his smartphone.

He is the person who has been taking pictures of Park Moon-dae since his pre-debut program days.

From the moment she heard the news about Park Moon-dae’s car accident she was almost out of her mind and was glued to her smartphone.

I couldn’t even cry.

And at 3 am.

After checking the article about Park Moon-dae’s surgery on his smartphone he was posting about it on his social media.

-Please pray a lot.

My trembling fingernails hit the screen.

What on earth is this?

The next to appear were brother and sister.

My older sister whose eyes were already red and swollen was fighting fiercely with people on the Internet who were arguing about Testa’s car accident.

Instead of arguing or joking around like usual the younger brother is sitting next to his older sister and joking with her.

And using a lack of medical knowledge from the Internet he quietly suggested that there was a much higher chance that Park Moon-dae would be okay…

The waves were hot.

A graduate student who saw the breaking news spilled coffee while making coffee in one corner of the lab room.

And I cried out loud not caring that the floor was a mess.

Lab colleagues who rushed around were embarrassed but soon understood the situation and worried with us.

There were some people who thought it was pathetic but the sadness was so strong that even if they talked behind their backs they couldn’t help but comfort it now.

The story didn’t end.

Homemaster an office worker who takes photos of Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae clicked his tongue at the industry’s practices saying “I still haven’t learned anything” upon hearing the news of Testa’s car accident.

However unable to hide his nervousness he used his physical condition as an excuse to take annual leave from work the next day and reported the news about Park Moon-dae…

Why this stuff is pouring in… I don’t know.

A person who went to see an idol concert for the first time in his life.

A person who became interested in Park Moon-dae after working with various idols. A person who liked ‘The Groom of May’.

A person who cheered for Park Moon-dae in an audition program and then forgot about him for a while. A person who likes other members of Testa and also has a crush on Park Moon-dae.

A person who doesn’t really like Park Moon-dae but is worried about him. A person who buys albums in bulk and collects all of Park Moon-dae’s photo cards to decorate them…

Piing-.

The experiences and thoughts of all kinds of people who knew Testa’s Park Mundae twinkled everywhere like stars in the country sky on a summer night.

Numerous worries sorrow thoughts complex thoughts and simple powerful emotions filled my heart.

And gently squeezed it.

‘…’

I had no idea how I could feel such a strong sense of connection with people I didn’t even know in person.

I thought without thinking.

‘Is Park Moon-dae me?’

No this question was not correct.

‘Testa’s Park Moon-dae… Am I the right idol?’

How many celebrities are active by changing their real name to their social status and appearance?

But does that celebrity think he is a different person when he sees himself on TV?

Is Park Moon-dae just a character I created like ‘The Groom of May’?

‘…no.’

That wasn’t it.

Park Moon-dae may not be everything to me.

But it was definitely a part of me.

All of these emotions and thoughts… may not all be directed directly at me but there was definitely something they shared with me.

So this definition is correct.

These are… that’s it.

-People who want me to wake up.

‘…’

I felt like I was going to be overwhelmed.

All those emotions and thoughts pass over my head like waves leaving behind wet traces.

The pure white space was suddenly dyed with all kinds of colors dripping with color.

It tasted salty like tears.

I was ecstatic.

It was a sweet taste of life.

I was sucked into the color and ascended.

It seemed like light was leaking from above.

[Nectar (S)]

-Activation successful!

* * *

“Huh!”

I let out a sigh.

My limbs felt numb as if I had fallen into mud.

But the air was so hot that it killed me.

‘…Is it daytime?’

Perhaps because I hadn’t opened my eyes for so long my vision was blurry.

But my ears seemed to be fine.

“Park Moon-dae!!”

“Mumundae…!!”

I understand these voices well.

These guys should be receiving proper treatment so what on earth are they doing in someone else’s hospital room?

‘…Still I’m thankful.’

I screamed until my ears dropped and endured hands pouring down on my shoulders and head.

Very willing.

It was a while later that I regained my vision and the medical staff removed the devices they had attached to my body.

Surprisingly all six were in the hospital room.

‘A single room is nice.’

It’s amazing that even with all 7 grown kids inside there’s still room to move around.

And the reason for this situation is… The people who came to visit at that time seem to have witnessed something.

“I thought Mu Mundae opened his eyes for a moment… I called him just in case. Ugh I’ll also contact the medical staff…”

“Okay… thank you.”

“Oh no…!”

Then I thought what would you have done if I hadn’t woken up but I didn’t say it out loud?

‘I have a head too.’

It’s impossible to wake up from labor pains in a bath of emotion and celebration that brings tears to your eyes.

…and it’s nice to see you after a long time.

Instead he was expressing his gratitude to the members as gently as possible.

The guy with the open nose shouted.

“Would you like to eat Mundaemundae melon?? “The sugar is the best~”

“Oh yeah.”

As expected the eyes are different. I once again glanced at the big guy.

“…Oh Mundae are you really amazed that you have such a true friend?”

“It’s similar.”

“…!”

After hearing that bullshit I finally feel it.

It feels like returning to reality.

Big Sejin looked at me with a puzzled expression then dramatically raised one arm to cover his face and made a black noise.

“It’s so touching!”

It looks like he’s really crying and pretending to cry on purpose but my condition must have been really serious.

‘First of all considering the scenes I saw earlier surgery is confirmed… ’

I thought there would be an obvious scene where the medical staff said it was a miracle but there was no such story in particular.

Actually my physical condition is not that trashy. So I wondered if it was because I activated ‘Nectar’ that it was so fine.

‘…Could it have been a wound that would have healed even if I just stayed still?’

Maybe I just overdid it.

But I’m back anyway so I’m satisfied with that.

I like myself now.

I ate the first melon I received as a special meal for patients and tried to figure out the situation.

I felt a little sluggish perhaps because I had just regained consciousness.

Then I saw it. Cha Yu-jin looks like she’s drooling when she sees the melon.

“…Give it to me?”

“are you okay! “You need to eat a lot and be strong!”

You’re brave. At first it seemed like it was almost strangling my neck but it seems to be still the same.

And Kim Rae-bin looked like she had a lot to say but she looked busy crying so I left her alone.

What we’re going to talk about now…

“Now that I think about it what day is it? “What happened to the former manager who caused the accident?”

“…!”

This is the person who can answer this.

“…Park Moon-dae.”

“Oh yes.”

Surprisingly Bae Se-jin spoke with a stern expression.

“First of all… before that listen to this story first.”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin took a deep breath and slowly began to explain.

“The company… didn’t want to talk about the former manager properly.”

“ah.”

I roughly expected it up to that point.

‘I think I’ll be able to use that later.’

What’s important is whether the bastard sitting behind the wheel is ready to eat beans and rice.

However Bae Se-jin clenched one hand and said something unexpected.

“So I anonymously reported it to the Human Rights Commission…!”

“…??”

“All the work so far!”

“…?!”

What… what?
