---
title: "Chapter 235"
category: "book"
index: 234
section: "Chapter 235"
slug: "235"
---

# Chapter 235

Human rights… above?

The atmosphere in the hospital room was chaotic when the Human Rights Commission suddenly appeared… I thought it would be chaotic but seeing that everyone else was calm it seemed like everyone except me had agreed on this.

‘At least they talked before and after reporting it.’

I was trying to press my forehead but stopped when I realized there was an IV in there.

“The… National Human Rights Commission.”

“…okay!”

Isn’t that… an organization with no judicial enforcement power?

At best you’ll end up scolding the company.

I wonder if they will take seriously reports of idol human rights violations that originally came in anonymously.

However Bae Se-jin does not look embarrassed by my explanation.

“know… Those people can’t solve all of this.”

“…”

“But it won’t be in the media! “I also received recommendations for city administration!”

“…?”

Bae Se-jin still clenched his fist and eagerly explained the principles of his actions.

So to summarize this guy’s judgment is as follows.

“Since the company is blocking media coverage of the entertainment side I tried to have the article published by reporters in the social side… Is this what you mean?”

“that’s right.”

In short it is a route change.

Bae Se-jin… I can’t believe she had this kind of ambition.

‘after… ’

Smoking… no it’s okay.

I almost bit my tongue so let’s clean up our mouths.

I quickly checked in my head what kind of repercussions would occur.

‘If it’s anonymous there’s a high chance that it won’t have the effect Bae Se-jin is aiming for.’

Is an entertainment company trying to cover up an artist-related accident?

The likelihood that the Human Rights Commission of its own would carefully find out where this place was was extremely low.

‘If you scoff at the reporters who got your sources here you could end up damaging the company’s temper.’

However the company will be nervous so it’s ‘Do you dare to report it?’ There is an aspect that becomes easier to negotiate once you outgrow the annoyances of things like that…

“And anonymous… doesn’t mean we didn’t say the group name.”

“…then?”

“Only the anonymity of the informant was maintained. “Uh I used it in the name of my mother’s friend…”

“…”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“…If we do this they won’t think it’s us. “I was wondering if they might think of competitors or people who left the company or something like that.”

It turns out that this guy organized all the employment and labor-related issues that have occurred at the agency so far and sent them to me.

This ranges from non-payment of overtime pay to illegal searches of personal information related to industrial espionage.

‘How far did you increase the board?’

In fact I have a sneaking suspicion that this might just be a daydream.

“…”

“I’m not saying I’m proud of this either! Still I have to do this…”

I suppressed a bitter smile.

“no. “I think you did well.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin’s eyes widened.

“Really??”

“yes.”

Let’s just say it’s okay since we’ve already gotten over the part I’m most worried about.

‘The parent company T1 took a tester and got over the situation where it would have to be ruined.’

It’s a shame that I can’t use it as a hand but…

I was not the only one in the car accident and there is no justification for benefiting only in the direction I want.

‘Those guys must have accumulated a lot over the years.’

You can act in your own way.

‘The scale… seems to be growing a lot in a different direction.’

This is rather good. The moment it stands out as a social issue such as abuse of power in the workplace it turns into an issue that must be handled by superiors and headquarters not by subordinates.

And from our perspective no matter what hardships the higher-ups go through it’s okay as long as the working-level staff can work.

It doesn’t matter as long as there are no problems with group operation.

‘If I do well I’ll see the status of the payment bot again.’

Just imagining it is comfortable.

I nodded feeling more at ease.

“yes. “I’m looking forward to the results.”

“…okay!”

Bae Se-jin’s complexion brightened. The members nodded and nodded but no one was shaken.

‘I guess you’ve had a big fight with your agency since the accident.’

I clicked my tongue and once again asked the question that had not been answered before.

“So what day is today?”

“…”

Then they exchange glances.

‘What is it?’

Liu Chengwu who had been quiet until now slowly opened his mouth.

“…Mundae.”

“yes.”

“Today is July 6th.”

“…!!”

The months are different.

‘I lost my mind for a moment because my debut anniversary was June 18th… ’

So that means I was in a coma for 18 days.

“…”

No… June just melted away.

While I was confused for a moment Liu Chengwu added in a low voice.

“So don’t think about anything else and just rest. “I think about work and activities later.”

“…”

“From now on… think about your body first.”

ah.

I looked up at Liu Chengwu.

The guy had an unusually dark complexion.

‘Now that I think about it he almost got a rebar stuck in his head so I hit him in the chest instead.’

Honestly isn’t the exchange fee better than following someone else?

I’m not some kind of psychopath but the guy sitting next to me is having his head pierced so it’s not like I’m just watching.

I looked at him quite incredulously but I roughly understood his feelings.

‘Did you think he fell into a coma instead of you?’

Well it could be a trick of the system so you don’t have to feel sorry… but if you think of it as a debt I hope you agree with my opinion later.

I shrugged and got up.

“I will take good care of you. “Actually I feel like I’m still feeling fine… I guess I’m just so tired that I can’t wake up.”

“This shouldn’t happen…!”

“Sit down Park Mun-dae!”

“I think it would be better to get re-tested.”

“…”

Wow… they’re in trouble.

And after a while.

The medical staff had to return to the hospital room sooner than planned due to their earnest request.

And I was shocked to hear that the patient happily forgot the fruit as soon as he recovered from a coma of more than 15 days.

“Melon?? “Patient please tell me how you feel inside your stomach right now!”

“…!!”

“I’m fine.”

“teacher! “The patient here…”

And all kinds of calls continued.

‘…yes.’

It’s only natural that a guy who stayed in bed for 18 days ate the sweetest melon.

The face of Keun Se-jin who offered me the melon turned blue but fortunately the results showed that there was nothing wrong.

If it had been in a normal state to begin with I wouldn’t have suffered pain as soon as I swallowed it.

“I will eat it!”

Let’s ignore Cha Yu-jin’s regret that she had to just put all the melon in her mouth.

‘This looks like a medicine of nectar.’

I think my digestive system recovered quickly thanks to the characteristic of ‘complete recovery of vitality.’

‘Now that we’re talking let’s check.’

After all the fuss was over I brought up the properties item in the status window.

[Characteristics\: Time of Infinite Indulgence (S) Nectar (S) – Activated Snatching Ears (A)]

It’s also marked as activated.

He is currently recovering rapidly and will likely disappear once the wound on his chest is completely healed.

‘…Then is this the end of Bacchus?’

It will make you lose your appetite. What a shame.

Of course there are expectations that Bacchus will be picked again in the next lottery. Because I use it so much for my activities.

I swallowed my regret and turned off the status window.

‘Anyway… it’s the 18th.’

Although there was a lot of waste I’m glad there won’t be any major problems with the tour schedule.

‘You will fully recover in a month.’

I think the guys over there who are still wearing braces including me said they would recover within 3 weeks.

If I prepare for one more month and leave… I’ll probably cover everything except a few episodes in Japan.

‘That’s it.’

I nodded inwardly.

And after all the medical staff left the members breathed a sigh of relief and came to their senses.

“Mundae… I’m really sorry.”

“No it was delicious.”

“Let’s make sure to get permission from now on…”

And after a while.

It seems that it finally occurred to these guys that it would be a good idea for me to get some more rest.

“I will visit again tomorrow!”

“If there’s any problem you can call me anytime… Wow it’s near my house…!”

“I’m not being discharged from the hospital.”

“Why Cha Yu-jin let’s go out!”

“Hmph.”

“…Rest Mundae. “It was really… a lot of hard work.”

“thank you.”

Liu Chengyu seemed to be smiling faintly but that expression soon disappeared.

‘You don’t seem to have any energy.’

I guess I was more worried than I expected.

The moment I tried to catch it and dig it up.

“…Park Moon-dae.”

“…? yes.”

Bae Se-jin said with a serious face just before leaving.

“Once the Human Rights Commission investigates… I’m going to see if I can file a lawsuit against T1 Stars based on that.”

“…yes?”

“So if you succeed you will go to a new agency…!”

“…?!”

What crazy talk.

It feels like I got hit in the back of the head.

‘Could it be that the idea was to bring it to the forefront of society and then use public power to take it to trial?’

Regardless of whether it will work or not why are you trying to pick a fight with a large company that owns broadcasting stations and studios?

Are you planning on kicking down one of your huge platforms?

I looked at the guy who couldn’t believe he had agreed to this.

Big Sejin avoided his eyes.

‘hey.’

“Hmm if this happens T1 will also try to reorganize their agency and if the possibility of a lawsuit comes up I think the deal will get a little better.”

“…”

“Even if it’s not necessarily a new agency isn’t that okay?”

So I passed on to this bastard…

“It’s not something we need to do right now so we’ll discuss it later… Let’s leave the door to rest for a while.”

“Of course~”

“…good.”

I’ll have to think about it myself.

I waved my hand with my head and the members left the hospital room smiling or waving.

Sweet.

I sighed in the hospital room which suddenly became quiet.

“Whoa.”

It’s a lawsuit.

I guess I’ll do everything I can but that’s not a good decision to make in this industry for a long time.

Until now I have rarely seen a case in which a person’s career turned out well after filing a lawsuit.

Whether you win the case or not you will be remembered in the industry.

‘In order to gain popularity it is a realistic decision to solve the problem as best as possible.’

Above all even in the best case it takes too long to win the case and until then activities are almost completely halted…

‘for a moment.’

Suddenly a shiver runs down my spine.

‘…Then what about the tour?’

I can’t do it.

“…”

Hey you bastards…!

If I can’t go on tour I might lose out!

They say the road to hell is paved with good intentions but suddenly the threat of sudden death is just around the corner.

* * *

While Park Moon-dae was in confusion breaking news was popping up on the Internet that he had regained consciousness.

[(Breaking News) Testa Park Moon-dae regains consciousness]

[Park Moon-dae’s consciousness returns…”The fans’ earnestness has reached me”]

[Recovery from coma after 18 days of traffic accident Testa]

-What are the articles just now?

-Is it true?

-Is this true? (link)

-Please oh please

Fans tried to calm down fearing that it might be another misinformation but fortunately a confirmation article appeared from the agency 30 minutes after the first breaking news.

[T1 Stars “Testar Park Moon-dae regained consciousness around 2 p.m.”]

Only then did congratulations and tears of relief begin to pour in from all social media and community comment sections.

-I’m scared that it’s a dream.

-What should I do? I really can’t stop crying.

-Mundae thank you for fighting for 18 days and coming back. I will support you no matter what you do really.

-I am so grateful and happy to be able to upload this photo. (2nd anniversary photo by Park Moon-dae)

-I love you Mundae! I’m so happy that I can continue to support you at 24 you at 30 and you at 40… ㅠㅠ

Because a young celebrity who almost died in an unfortunate accident came back alive the public’s immediate reaction was extremely warm.

-It would be a waste of a young man to leave like this so I think he has been given a new opportunity. I hope he recovers in good health and shines Korea with great songs~~

– It really went well. I’m not even a fan but I was so sad.

-I hope you live well

-You regained consciousness after 18 days? Awesome.

At such a dramatic moment even the malicious comments could not be suppressed.

-Isn’t this also Gommer’s design? In fact what is the probability that I came to my senses on the first day and unplayed it? Haha.

└I was out of my mind because of the criticism.

└I’m saying this is crossing the line.

-Still I won’t be able to be active for a while so I’ll have to be satisfied with that.

└Amazing personality

└K-hater criticizes even a 23-year-old who was in a coma on the 18th

– Haha I don’t like this guy but the Internet is all over the place. There’s no mention of people around me.

└I’m sorry but is there anyone around…?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

I didn’t know what would happen after this atmosphere subsided but for now everyone was happy and congratulated the singer and the fans.

So a few days later the content Bae Se-jin submitted to the Human Rights Commission suddenly exploded with emotion and warmth.

[The shadow of the entertainment company… Will the truth behind the Testa traffic accident be revealed?]

[‘Series of cases of human rights violations within the company’ filed with T1 Stars to the Human Rights Committee]

-???? What is this?

-wow

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Wow is T-One crazy?

So things started to go quite interestingly.

Because it was a revelation that came after extremely happy news it was immediately treated as good news.

-Fuck everything is going to be stolen haha.

-Let’s implement justice!

In the end public opinion shifted its emotional direction toward the desire for a perfect happy ending instead of the easily tiresome resentment.

Also known as Cider Meta.

It was Bae Se-jin’s first win.
