---
title: "Chapter 236"
category: "book"
index: 235
section: "Chapter 236"
slug: "236"
---

# Chapter 236

Bae Se-jin’s summons to the Human Rights Commission was a jackpot.

‘Did this work like this?’

I was almost speechless when I saw the internet atmosphere of people excitedly beating up T1.

First of all what worked best… of course was covering up the cause of the Testa traffic accident.

[A tragedy caused by complacency… The true face of T1 a large entertainment company]

[“It was an incident not a traffic accident” The agency that covered up the terrorist attack]

Just before I recovered from the coma after 18 days ‘Testa’s car accident’ became the hottest topic on the Internet again.

But there is a story behind that incident and it is even extremely provocative?

People were so excited that the conspiracy theory seemed to have become a reality.

Articles also excitedly fueled public opinion by using words such as ‘terrorism’ ‘backdoor work’ and ‘crisis of a large-scale disaster’.

As the embargo broke out not only in the entertainment field but also in the social field no matter how large a company was it was impossible to pick up the spilled water.

-The company’s singer is on the brink of death and all he wants to do is silence him! Wow big company class~

-Manager Jeon\: Intentional terrorism? The company is scary so you’re being mean to idols.

└ㄹㅇ Did they pick this guy without even going through the interview? He made this guy the first-tier idol manager.

-There were a lot of parachutes lol. It must have been a mess inside the company. Maybe Testa went bald?

-‘Recommended resignation due to numerous verbal abuse’ 〈- I didn’t notice for a while and then cut him in a hurry but the security was also bad so it was X. Haha T-One is amazing!

-They are dirty servants who are only good at hiding and behind-the-scenes work. They must be firmly rooted out for the survival of the country. They must be severely punished.

Moreover because Bae Se-jin gathered everything he could to attack the frugal Human Rights Commission there was enough justification for it beyond stimulation.

[Serious violation of workers’ human rights by T1 Stars a major corporation]

[“The overtime hours were manipulated” and even resignation from the company… a lot of revelations]

[T1 faces criticism for not being involved in T1 Stars management]

Isn’t it an element that arouses much sympathy that a popular idol who makes a lot of money is complaining about the company’s abuse of power?

If you come across an all-purpose answer like ‘But they make a lot of money at a young age’ their momentum is bound to wane.

However if the conclusion is simply that ‘this large company is trash’ the story is different.

This is because hunting becomes more fun when you have a common enemy.

So in July when the rainy season was late and the weather was sunny people were using the stress of the heat to have fun beating T1.

Since the parent company T1 has greater recognition than the newly launched agency ‘T1 Stars’ they are getting a lot of excitement.

A national petition even appeared.

[We demand an investigation into T1’s human rights violations.]

Of course this is just a guess but of course T1 headquarters is the flagship.

‘They aren’t a company famous for good employee welfare either.’

Honestly it’s a blessing to be self-employed.

It was unfortunate for the people in charge but it was really fun.

In any case as Bae Se-jin thought it seemed like they were pursuing them through whistleblowing or a competitor’s work.

The Testa incident was structured so that anyone could see that it was used to increase the reputation.

‘…Good.’

No matter how hard you dig it comes out.

The more time is wasted the more paralyzed the company will be and the more influential the group will be.

I laughed and changed the smartphone screen.

This time a fan community.

[I boycott T1 (175)]

[Naughty bastards my teeth are really shaking (24)]

[Can’t the kids go to another agency?? (798)]

[I can’t believe it was because of my agency lol… (13)]

[I wish I could wake up and only see ♡good things♡ㅠㅠ (151)]

Although the related article was posted with this feeling the atmosphere was not gloomy.

It seemed like it was because I was so… happy to wake up right away.

And the public opinion itself was favorable and it didn’t seem like there was much stress because it was slightly different from Testa.

Seeing as there were so many people saying ‘I knew that would happen’ it seems like similar speculations were already circulating among fans.

‘…I’m glad.’

I swiped the screen to close it.

I’d like to post something soon but just in case I’ll post it after discussing it with others.

‘A survival report would be fine.’

…And I also have to make a very important suggestion.

‘The tour really goes on no matter what.’

I had my own plan for this.

I decided to wait calmly with my arms crossed until they arrived.

And at 2 p.m.

Bae Se-jin who burst into the hospital room was red-hot with excitement.

“…I think it went well!”

“yes. “The response is good.”

“…!”

I was just about to get to the point leaving the guy who was trembling at the taste of cider with both hands clasped together.

“Once the results of the complaint to the Human Rights Commission come out… let’s file a lawsuit like this!”

“…!!”

“As long as you have the evidence you can win! “I’ll pay all your legal fees!”

Bae Se-jin strongly insisted on pressing the accelerator harder once more.

‘no.’

Is this guy too drunk on cider?

The results are good so it’s worth it but in this world lawsuits are an extreme loss that should only be used when all hands are dry.

But before I could open my mouth a large force came out first.

‘I guess there hasn’t been any agreement up to this point.’

It seems he has finally come to his senses.

“older brother. “So the plan is to change agencies after winning the case right?”

“…okay.”

“Well then wouldn’t it be difficult if we couldn’t get all the broadcasting love programs that T1 invests in?”

“…There are many other broadcasts. And these days there are many other ways to be active such as WeTube.”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“But if we can’t come out now we’ll have to stay with this agency for three more years… After three years we might do something else to try to renew our contract!”

“…”

“So what I’m doing now… I think what I’m doing now is right.”

Big Sejin twitched his eyes. However he soon responded in a moderately cheerful tone.

“It would be great if the lawsuit goes well~ But right now if we can’t perform for more than a year our careers will be completely dead.”

“…!”

“Then… even if we win I don’t think any agency will bother to sign with us.”

Big Sejin finished his speech softly.

“We need to be so successful that other agencies have to pretend to be T1 and bring us in but that’s not possible.”

“…”

“I think it would be good to just use this to make a good deal with the agency add more staff to the dedicated team and add clauses to the contract… How about that everyone?”

Bae Se-jin seemed to have a lot to say but his complexion worsened as he remembered various expected answers and seemed to have been hit in advance.

‘This is how it happens.’

I said holding my head.

“First of all… then let’s look at the show of hands. “Who wants to file a lawsuit right now?”

Bae Se-jin slightly raised his hand.

And flash. Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“…”

“We win!”

I’m afraid someone might think he’s American so he really likes hiring a lawyer.

“Hey Cha Yujin. What about taking a year off?”

“Even if we take a year off we do well. are you okay! “You can do it again!”

It is a very positive and confident answer but also unrealistic. thanks.

“So who wants to stay at the agency and try to improve the environment?”

Of course Keun Se-jin listened and surprisingly… Kim Rae-bin followed along.

“There are a lot of great people in the company so I think it would be good to work together to make improvements…”

“…”

In another sense it’s very positive and unrealistic. thanks.

Then the only ones left are Ryu Cheong-woo and Sun Ah-hyeon.

“Ahyeon what about you?”

“I… well either way it’s all good if everyone can stay comfortable and safe…!”

“okay.”

It’s like Sun Ah-hyun.

“…Then Chungwoo hyung.”

“…Similar. “I wish we could file a lawsuit but since we are a group we have to respect the careers of people with different opinions.”

Liu Chengyu answered slowly.

“What do you think Moon Dae?”

me? It’s simple.

“…Wouldn’t it be difficult to file a lawsuit right now?”

Even if it is not a matter of my tour the lawsuit is against it.

‘Things have become too big.’

The moment it becomes an issue of violation of workers’ human rights rather than a group issue large corporations will never want to leave a case where they lose the lawsuit.

This is because Testa’s lawsuit remains as a precedent.

‘If the labor union files a series of lawsuits after that I’m going to go crazy.’

So at this time it is better to take advantage of what we can take by snatching it without damaging our friendly relationship.

‘The company needs to feel sorry for Testa.’

Even if you don’t actually feel sorry you can make the most of the moment when you pretend to be.

But since Bae Se-jin is credited it’s okay to say this out loud… let’s turn it around a bit.

“Public opinion is that we don’t know how things will change tomorrow. “How about we wait a little longer and collect data so that we can file a lawsuit if conditions are favorable.”

“Secretly?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin looked lost in thought as she listened to the conversation but soon nodded.

“…okay. okay. Just my opinion… I can’t assert it… Because we are the tea team!”

“…”

It seems like this guy is finally starting to taste the mulberry of his age like Sun Ah-hyun did in “Azusa”.

‘What a good thing.’

“Team~ Testa Come on~!”

“That’s what I said bro!”

I shrugged and managed to get back to what I was trying to say.

“And how about taking a look at the atmosphere and handling the already scheduled schedule?”

“uh?”

“Why why…?”

“There is an issue with cancellation penalties and I think the atmosphere will be better if we show that the group is alive and well.”

“…”

“you also?”

“yes. Oh of course after my body fully recovers. “If I receive a cure.”

I mean it literally without any bluffing. Thanks to Nectar I can say things like this without hesitation.

“hmm…”

“Especially for the tour there are many people who have already booked tickets so it’s best to go around as much as possible…”

“Oh no!!”

“…!!”

What?

…Seon Ah-hyeon screamed.

I looked at him but Sun Ah-hyun remained steadfast even though her face turned red.

“The radish bite needs to rest!”

“So after resting…”

“You need to get a lot of rest!”

No something doesn’t make sense.

“Ahyeon is right it’s Mundae.”

“I said something but what about the tour… enjoy the bed at Mundaemundae more.”

“…??”

“We will steadily prepare for the next album and report back to you so there is no need to worry.”

“Live long brother!”

If you do this you won’t live long.

However they were resolute and maintained their stance that there would be no compromise.

I think this is because the impression of being in a coma for 18 days is too strong.

‘I can’t even say nectar… ’

If I pretended to be crazy and talked about the status window I could see a future where counseling and admission to a mental hospital would actually be added to the schedule.

While I was suffering from pain in my temple Liu Chengwu said with a faint smile.

“And Moon Dae-ya the internal approval to cancel the tour for the second half of the year has already been completed.”

“…!”

You crazy people.

These damn bastards tapped me on the shoulder and spoke kindly.

“Fans would like it better if you don’t overexert yourself and look healthy… and only post posts or photos from time to time.”

“…”

“Let’s keep it that way for a while.”

“Yeah you’re right bro.”

“I will support you as you focus on recovering your health!”

Just like that… the tour flew by.

* * *

“…”

I lay in the hospital room they left and replayed this incident.

And came to a conclusion.

X is done.

‘How can we fill 400000 audiences without a tour?’

Do we have to do 40 guerilla performances in Myeongdong or Neverland?

My head is starting to tingle.

‘…I know you have good intentions so I can’t even be angry.’

I sighed a few times and tried to come up with various plans but then I gave up.

‘I guess I’ll have to find out more about the audience’s conditions.’

And before that let’s do what we have to do.

I turned on my smartphone and took a few pictures of myself choosing the best ones.

And then I accessed SNS.

———————==

Hello lover

I am Mundae (dog emoticon)

I am eating well and doing well.

thank you for your patience

I’ll see you soon in a better way.

———————==

Then I attached and uploaded a photo.

‘…It’s been 21 days.’

I’m a little nervous.

Sure enough soon social media notifications started updating like crazy.

-Mundae!!!

-Thank you so much.

-♡♡♡♡ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-You have to stay well Mundae. Eat well rest well sleep well…

└Don’t sleep too much again haha.

└I will sue you no matter what happens

-You must stay healthy and happy for a long time.

“…”

It was just letters but it felt like it had a temperature and it felt like I could hear a voice.

‘It’s reassuring.’

I smiled and looked at the comments.

And I also had some expectations.

‘If the fans like it when I say I’ll see you soon let this be proof… ’

-It’s okay if you don’t come soon Mundae-ya’s health is the most important.

-Mundae please cherish your body.

“…”

Even if you say this you probably want to see it in person…

That’s how it should be.

‘I’m going crazy.’

I shook my head and threw the smartphone next to the pillow.

Ji-ing ji-ing ji-ing!

Then as if on cue the smartphone rang several times.

‘I just turned off notifications on SNS.’

I picked up my smartphone a little puzzled.

I checked… and it was a text message.

[(picture)]

About 20 photos of familiar dogs arrived in succession.

“…”

Wow this is nice.

‘Hey try spitting out something.’

If you’re going to fall anyway grab at the rotten straw.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

I called the guy.
