---
title: "Chapter 237"
category: "book"
index: 236
section: "Chapter 237"
slug: "237"
---

# Chapter 237

The call to Cheongryeo was connected after a few rings.

However common-sense greetings such as ‘hello’ were not used.

-It’s alive.

I knew it would be like this.

“It just so happened that it happened that way.”

-Oh I’m not saying I wanted you to die.

“I don’t think he particularly wanted me to be alive.”

If I fall behind one of my competitors will lose out so I guess I thought it would be a huge advantage.

But the voice on the other end of the phone did not laugh.

-They said they couldn’t restart.

“…”

-Then you have to be alive. That sounds strange.

What the hell.

The situation of being reprimanded by this idiot for an unusual way is truly bizarre.

However I will not deny that there was a somewhat pleasant side to it.

It seems like time really is a medicine when the crazy guy we saw in Coma talks about the preciousness of life.

Of course the reset button has been taken away.

“Well thank you for your concern. Anyway I’m fine.”

-is it so. But why did you call me?

“I have something to ask you.”

I spoke immediately after finishing the payment.

“Are you free the day after tomorrow or the next morning?”

-Why are you asking?

It’s simple.

“Because I can visit the hospital.”

Because of the circumstances I can’t go out so I guess I’ll have to call this guy.

Only then did I hear laughter on the other end of the phone.

* * *

After several deals and coordination Cheongryeo said that he would visit three days later on a weekend morning.

Planning was possible because the other people who had been visiting almost every day in rotation due to their future activity plans were returning home for the weekend.

Oh except for one guy.

“When do you eat melon?”

“If the hospital allows it.”

“I want to ask!”

“Be patient.”

Cha Yu-jin feels sorry for herself and is staying in the hospital even on weekends.

It is said that his parents came to the country after hearing that this guy was injured but it seems they returned last week.

In fact it is difficult for an office worker to stay in a foreign country for more than two weeks. Even in the US it would be more difficult to take a vacation.

Instead of melons I threw several large improved tangerines to him. Sun Ah-hyun bought it.

I think I bought fruit that can be eaten right away when dietary approval is given because it keeps well but… I don’t think there will be any left until then.

“Eat.”

“Is the sugar the best?”

Did you learn from Big Sejin?

“uh.”

“and!”

I saw Cha Yu-jin forgetting a tangerine.

Actually this is a kind of bribe.

“…Someone will be here in about 30 minutes so don’t tell the other members.”

“Are you a guest?”

“It’s similar.”

“who are you?”

“VTIC Cheongnyeo.”

“Ouch.”

Cha Yu-jin swallowed the tangerine in one gulp and shrugged her shoulders.

“Okay~”

That’s it.

This kind of thing was comfortable because he was a neat guy. To Anda’s individualistic tendencies shine through.

“But why are you coming?”

It’s because this is annoying.

“I have something to ask about our next activity.”

“Ask me!”

“…You have to ask someone who has been active for a long time.”

“no way.”

Fortunately the barrage of questions ended here but it was obvious that a similar situation would repeat itself when Cheongryeo arrived.

And thirty minutes later.

“I want to listen too!”

also.

“Go get some snacks.”

“Boo…”

Still thanks to my dealings with him up front my firm orders worked.

Cha Yu-jin left while grumbling. Still I didn’t forget to give a Korean-style Confucian greeting to Cheongnyeo.

“Hello senior!”

Tatang!

The guy who bows his back confidently closes the hospital room door and leaves.

Cheongryeo glanced at the guy leaving and then smiled.

“He’s a picky type but the team atmosphere seems to be good. “It’s controllable.”

“…”

“I’ve dealt with a similar guy before… He broke his schedule after 16 months. Um was that the 6th time? haha.”

He’s really talented at making the atmosphere cool.

Anyway I crossed my arms and got to the point.

“The reason I invited you today of course is because of the emergency situation.”

“yes.”

“I think the mission will fail.”

“…”

There is no need to hide it. It’s just an unexploded bomb with a blocked reset that can be used in the right place.

“This mission?”

“Mobilizing 400000 viewers.”

“…”

Cheongryeo was silent for a moment as if lost in thought.

And then he tilted his head to the side.

“That’s very specific?”

“…”

“How can you be so sure… That’s funny.”

also.

‘Something was pressed.’

I’ll have to postpone the status window story just in case.

However this is unavoidable because the discussion must proceed without knowing the specific conditions.

‘We need even a little more precise forecasts.’

Since the tour has been canceled the probability of sudden death is skyrocketing.

You may think that the difference between you and me who was heading to the ground is unfair but we need to stop the idea from going any further than that.

‘Ventilate.’

I shrugged.

“It’s not a bad thing to know something in detail. “It’s already been a mission and I went all the way to Hwangcheon because of a car accident.”

“…This job has a lot of variables.”

“Yeah thanks to you I’ve already almost died twice in the two years I’ve been active.”

“Twice?”

“Uh the first one is you.”

The guy started laughing but then smiled and nodded a little apologetically. I think I’ve come to my senses.

It looks like the gamble he took with 20 dog photos paid off.

‘As expected there remains a bit of a sense of indebtedness… and a sense of comradeship.’

This means that it would be kind enough to send me a picture of my dog when I woke up.

Still this kid is not normal so let’s move on quickly before we think about anything else.

“Anyway thanks to you the tour has been canceled and I’m stranded in the hospital. But we need to meet 300000 more audiences.”

“Hmm it must be difficult to schedule a new dome tour at the end of the year.”

“okay.”

The year-end and New Year holidays are the highlight. Most of the test-sized concert halls have already been rented out for the weekend.

Besides I can’t tell this guy but if a lawsuit is filed the tour and all entertainment industry activities this year will be in vain.

And Cheongryeo presented the most common sense and feasible alternative.

“What about non-face-to-face performances?”

“…that’s the problem.”

I pressed my eyebrows.

“The counting standards are vague.”

“…”

The fan meeting I held right before my accident.

The performance was broadcast simultaneously online but both real-time paid and illegal visitors were not counted.

Only the on-site audience was counted as ‘audience’.

Looking at this point it seems like non-face-to-face is useless right?

However some performances that were planned entirely on a non-face-to-face basis were partially counted.

‘The number of live comeback shows conducted through real-time paid W Live was counted.’

Text messages and feedback from the audience watching were displayed on the electronic display board.

And considering all these tendencies one very ambiguous standard emerged.

“Within the performance… it seems like they only recognize me as an ‘audience member’ when I recognize them.”

I have to be aware of the audience. Not the number but the thing itself.

That passion and energy.

“ah.”

Cheongryeo narrowed her eyes.

“Was it an audience in a theatrical sense?”

“theater?”

“The existence of reaction is also a part of the performance. “Well it’s a bit… tacky though.”

“…”

It seems like he has lived a life of some ink in his own way. You can explain concepts quickly.

Cheongryeo stroked his chin.

“Anyway… then this might be a bit tricky.”

“that’s right.”

I clicked my tongue.

“We need to gather about 300000 audiences who can communicate in real time at the same time but it’s difficult.”

Rather than simply purchasing VOD you need to keep 300000 people in front of their computers at the same time.

‘…even if you increase the number of times there is a limit.’

Even if the performance composition continues to change the real-time attendance figure counted as soon as two performances are exceeded will continue to decline.

According to the laws of marginal utility and scarcity.

Busy modern people just pay and then postpone watching.

And through the self-issued indulgence ‘I paid for one thing so it’s okay to watch the rest for free.’

Cheongryeo saw my agony and smiled.

“Well then would you like to be a guest on the VTIC tour? “If you only have to work hard for a month or two…”

“Did it turn?”

“haha!”

You shamelessly ask this even though you know it is nonsense.

Guest appearance at a VTIC concert?

Hell is truly coming.

As soon as I recover from my injury if I make a guest appearance at someone else’s concert the Testa fandom and VTIC fandom will heat up like hellfire in the nether regions.

However Cheongnyeo remained calm.

“I think it’s better than dying. Think about it. Because it might be the last time.”

“…”

Of course VTIC will have more excuses than Testa so it will be worth holding on to.

‘But still a loss is a loss.’

And this guy who is paranoidly obsessed with flawless top-tier idols would make such a crazy proposal?

I almost remember the offer to join VTIC’s main vocalist that I received while I was in a coma. I answered hesitantly.

“I don’t know why you want to take the loss.”

“Um I’m sorry?”

“…”

I looked at his expression to see if he was joking with me but he didn’t look deceptive or crazy.

Instead it was quite calm.

“I’ve seriously disturbed you once or twice so let’s just say I’m paying back my debt. how is it.”

“…hmm.”

It seems like this guy looked back on his past actions after seeing me almost fall over in this accident.

‘I guess owning a dog really helps me mentally.’

However I have no intention of investing in such a low-cost plan. Let’s review the discussion so far again.

‘The resources I can use… ’

My abilities connections time money…

‘…money?’

“…!”

I almost bawled my eyes out.

I found it.

“No I won’t use that method.”

“then?”

“…We will perform non-face-to-face.”

I finished speaking firmly.

“Completely free.”

“…!”

I don’t know about other limitations but I can cover the entry barrier created by money.

‘I guess I can at least pay for the cost of holding a concert.’

I have a lot of money left unused. You don’t need support from others.

“Oh at least the settlement money?”

So this proposal as well.

I chuckled.

“no. “I’d like to get something else.”

The biggest obstacle to free concerts is not money.

This is an existing contract.

‘Testa signed a three-year exclusive contract with W App.’

And W App does not support free performances.

However since Testa’s online concert transmission had to be broadcast through the W app I needed a detour.

“Let’s borrow your platform.”

This is the exhibition and performance platform created by LeTi in collaboration with an overseas funding company.

‘The member’s solo not Testa was not specified in the contract.’

The rest is a matter of commercial morality or public opinion so you can adjust the performance method and it will be much easier and faster if you do it with this guy. Because it’s the company’s sign.

‘This seems like the most winning combination right now.’

Sure enough Cheongnyeo smiled and nodded.

“That’s a good idea.”

It’s better than your suggestion. I refrained from almost clicking my tongue and answered calmly.

“Of course it’s better than following the VTIC tour.”

“yes? haha. Of course it is. “Why would you do such a ridiculous thing?”

“…”

“I just meant that I could do something like that but it sounded reasonable.”

You bastard were deceived.

I’m sure the bastard I met in Coma would have been exhausted by just drinking sweet water let alone being the main vocalist of VTIC.

* * *

Park Mun-dae was extremely angry for a moment but soon regained his composure and quickly concluded a detailed agreement with Cheongryeo.

And I immediately contacted the company and talked in depth about ‘contacting a new platform.’

‘It’s easy.’

Calculating that they could divert attention and calm the chaotic atmosphere the company quickly sent an OK sign despite being in a devastated state.

This is because the payment was received immediately on Monday morning after the weekend.

“Yes thank you.”

Of course it was an unavoidable misjudgment but Park Moon-dae happily tolerated their misjudgment.

‘I hope it goes smoothly like this.’

Park Moon-dae said that now he only had to persuade the members so he adjusted the members’ visit times on Monday afternoon so that they overlapped.

‘It would be better to discuss it all at once.’

So a few days later.

Park Moon-dae breaks into a cold sweat and is forced to spend time in self-reflection and reflection from the members.

“Sit down and listen Park Mun-dae.”

Somehow all the members had already heard the news.

This is because Cha Yu-jin could not stand it.

“I asked the company!”

‘This guy.’

Of course it was my own karma.
