---
title: "Chapter 238"
category: "book"
index: 237
section: "Chapter 238"
slug: "238"
---

# Chapter 238

I’m a little embarrassed.

“Park Moon-dae is planning a concert on his own just because his tour is canceled? You are currently hospitalized. “You know why the tour was cancelled.”

“I’m sorry to tell you this but you need to rethink your balance between leisure and work!”

“…Have you ever thought about consulting before doing it alone?”

So you are not giving us the opportunity to discuss it.

I held back a sigh and looked back to see why the situation was like this.

-… Moon Dae-ya Yujin said she heard something at work…

The moment the people who came started talking like this without even sitting down I thought they had leaked information.

‘So I was going to let these guys talk as much as they want and get to the point once they calm down a bit.’

Isn’t this a tyrant who only listens to complaints? The more I listen to it the more I feel like a bad guy.

‘…You can be sad.’

Yes I will admit that.

Activities have come to a halt because of the guy in a coma but if you say that he is actually planning his own solo concert it would be eye-rolling.

Besides… he seems worried.

“It’s not too late to think about it after your body has fully recovered…!”

“okay!”

“…”

So for the past 18 days I listened to them patiently taking into consideration the fact that they must have had complicated feelings with thoughts such as ‘Is this guy going to wake up?’…

‘It’s been about 30 minutes.’

I think this is enough. Now the same words keep repeating themselves. I sighed and started organizing.

“First of all… I was planning to meet you today and talk to you.”

“Ah after everything is decided?”

This bastard is doing this again.

“No nothing has been decided yet. “What I told the company was just an idea.”

I pressed my temples.

“I wasn’t planning on doing it right away. “I thought it would be a good idea to commemorate the resumption of Testa’s official activities.”

“…”

This may sound quite realistic but the hospital room became quiet as if each person was lost in thought.

After thinking about it for a bit I added an afterthought.

“…Still it must have seemed like I just brought up my solo story to the company. sorry. And I’m sorry.”

“…!”

I was then trying to put together words to better explain ‘but that’s fishing’.

But Liu Chengwu opened his mouth first.

“…Mundae. “You probably want to get active quickly.”

“…”

yes. If you don’t do it you’ll die…

Liu Chengyu nodded calmly.

“If you want to do a solo concert it’s okay. “Sue the company… If you don’t want to do it it’s okay to just be active.”

“…!”

“There’s no need to apologize for something like that.”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned red but surprisingly he did not refute Ryu Cheong-wu and silently shook his head.

“But you have to take care of your health. “That’s what we’ve been talking about so far.”

“…”

“You’re overdoing it now. That’s… I hope you understand. “I say this every time.”

Liu Chengyu’s complexion was not good as he spoke.

It seemed like the scene of iron being stuck in my solar plexus left quite a bit of trauma.

‘Whoa.’

It’s back to square one. I nodded.

I am in perfect health and a complete recovery is just around the corner.

How can we convince of this mysterious resilience…

“I care enough about my health. “He is following all the medical staff’s instructions and I heard he is recovering at an incredibly fast rate.”

“…So you want to return as soon as you are completely cured?”

“Well when I say I’m going to become an expert it means I’m considering it.”

Big Sejin chuckled.

“Hey the fans will really like it.”

“…!”

“You think that will get a good response but your fans know that you are the same person. “They would send a truck to the company to use someone who was in a coma.”

“…”

“Oh is this the big picture for Sue? “Then what’s so great about it?”

This guy is real.

I gritted my teeth.

“Do you really have to say it that way?”

“…!”

“Don’t be sarcastic. “I’m speaking honestly.”

It looks like someone died suddenly and I’m getting angry because they keep scratching me. No matter what you have to do it in moderation.

Sejin Lee opened her mouth and closed it again without speaking. I focused on my thoughts in silence to calm down.

And a person with the same name suddenly took action.

“That guy…! “I’m doing that because I’m worried!”

Bae Se-jin came out with his fist clenched.

“usually! “You talk like that!”

“…”

Is Meg… a gun?

“That’s right… Sejin would want to apologize too right…?”

Seeing that Sun Ah-hyun was giving support I guess it wasn’t Meg.

Big Sejin was looking at the floor with a smileless face.

“…Sorry.”

“…”

I nodded.

Okay I was a bit oversensitive.

We managed to come up with a way to clear the status abnormality but it took so long to discuss it that we ran out of time.

‘I guess it wasn’t my intention to start a fight.’

I guess he just thought that since he was a bit upset about this situation I would come to my senses if I gave him some insight.

‘…I can’t help it.’

Yes not just Keun Sejin but the other members as well.

As long as I am contributing to this team and since the car accident occurred these guys have no choice but to care about my health.

Well since we lived together in the camp for two years we must have grown fond of each other.

So ultimately the difference is in the amount of information.

‘These guys don’t know that if I don’t mobilize 400000 people they’ll die.’

So priorities are bound to change.

‘…I wasn’t going to end up like this.’

I held back my silence and finally opened my mouth.

“…Actually I miss my fans.”

“…”

“Suddenly I opened my eyes and saw that it was next month. “The Internet is so crazy I thought I would feel less anxious if I did something about it… so I decided to at least talk about concerts.”

“…okay.”

“Mumundaeya…”

It was a somewhat cringe-inducing remark but it seemed persuasive and the atmosphere became damp.

‘…That’s not wrong.’

That might be exactly my condition except that the reason for my anxiety is a status abnormality.

I continued talking feeling a little abandoned.

“I don’t plan on staying up all night doing anything like before.”

I can’t do it anyway because I don’t have Bacchus.

“Still I think it would be good to resume activities quickly without overdoing it.”

This time the answer is no.

This would be good.

“The concert we were originally planning wasn’t anything grand.”

“uh?”

“I just thought of a simple talk concert. I want to show you that I have recovered my health. “I keep dancing to a minimum.”

“So a solo concert…?”

“No because of the W App contract. “Free concerts cannot be broadcast under the group’s name.”

“oh…”

We’re starting to make sense now.

I ended the explanation up to the point of agreement with Cheongryeo.

Then he took a pause and spoke.

“But in the first place… Solo is a gimmick.”

“…?”

I chuckled.

“I was going to invite all of Testa as guests. “Then it’s okay isn’t it?”

“…!!”

Honestly isn’t this an obvious trick?

If there was someone who said they wouldn’t come the picture might get a little weird but I was confident I could convince them all.

But one guy’s face turned blue and he shouted.

“So isn’t that a violation of the contract?”

“no. “After all I am the subject.”

“But… it’s a scam!”

“It was a good use of the contract provisions.”

“…”

dump. Bae Se-jin sat down on a chair.

And he seems to mutter something similar to ‘I feel like I’m going to get criticized… ’ but he doesn’t object.

‘I guess I looked pretty desperate.’

I guess he’s trying to control himself since he started talking so loudly in front of him.

Or maybe Bae Se-jin is trying to organize his language so that it is less aggressive.

Of course that statement itself makes sense.

‘If you do it this way it will spread dirty rumors in the industry.’

It’s not just an industry W App is run by a fairly large search engine company. There will definitely be retaliation.

‘So you have to choose the shape well.’

And I have already chosen the format of the concert.

If this is the case it’s difficult to retaliate… I feel like it will just be treated as a ‘different type’ of performance.

I said with a smile.

“And one more thing.”

“…?”

“I want to create a separate purpose for the concert.”

“purpose?”

I explained my idea.

“oh.”

“Mumundae always seems to have good thoughts…”

“It really is!”

The response was very good.

Can we explain this by saying that Bae Se-jin who was sitting on a chair in a white-faced posture has recovered his complexion?

“…That’s okay!”

“Of course.”

‘Is this half the meal?’

I don’t think I need to persuade you anymore. We can continue the build-up like this and confirm it around the time of discharge.

I shrugged.

“Now get some rest…!”

“No I rested enough…”

“Shh rest!”

“…”

And only then did I hear some trivial news from the guys who had returned from a hospital visit.

“The AR team created a commemorative sound source for Moon Dae’s comfortable sleeping time… but it was lost before it could be saved due to a program error…”

“really?!”

“…Please tell me that you are well received.”

Quite a long time.

As time passed it was soon time for the hospital meal.

“Let’s come back after eating.”

“Yeah… it’s time for that already.”

“I’ve eaten early so I’ll stay behind and act as a companion!”

“me too! “Eat fruit!”

No it’s okay… whatever happened.

I shrugged my shoulders.

However among the people rushing out Big Sejin hesitated but did not make eye contact until the end.

It seems like he’s been doing this ever since the atmosphere got tense when I talked about it earlier.

“…I’ll be back~”

“okay.”

Your mouth is still talking.

…It’ll be okay.

And the next one.

“brother! Enjoy it…”

“You come here.”

“Ahhhh!”

The guy who snitched and ate some tangerines was trying to sneak away.

I squeezed Cha Yu-jin’s forehead and let her go.

“Aww!”

And he gave Kim Rae-bin a big peach right in front of him.

It felt a little funny because he was feeding himself what he had brought but I also ate some so it must be okay.

“It tastes great!”

“I know.”

Cha Yu-jin drooped.

“Brother this is too much!”

“what.”

“I didn’t say anything else!”

“what.”

Cha Yu-jin spoke softly.

‘VIC senior!’

“…!!”

After a short silence.

“Eat.”

“wow!”

I put a peach in his mouth.

It is a kind of bribe. This means that you should keep your mouth shut in the future.

* * *

Afterwards Park Moon-dae recovered smoothly and was discharged from the hospital faster than the medical staff expected.

And again a few weeks later.

After the agency was brutally beaten and the Human Rights Commission recommended a complaint Testa began activities in a small group.

He appeared at TaKon a KPOP joint concert.

Of course he did not appear at the scene in person but a separately recorded video was broadcast only.

Still because it was his first activity after the accident Testa’s appearance became quite a hot topic.

Amidst the internet reaction which was plastered with phrases such as ‘I love you Testa our magic forever’ several explicit or rude reviews were also quickly exchanged.

-I haven’t lost my form.

-After all Stone needs to lose weight. Coma diet is the best. Bulk up is dying.

-Wow everything is correct it looks like you practiced really hard;

-Gommer looks fine? Hahaha. You idiots watch Gomer and learn something. Even though someone is dead and awake they put on a performance like that. You can’t even keep an eye on them. Haha.

-They say they are boycotting T-One but they are not boycotting Testa? I’m tired of logic~

└Testa is an exception because he was in a car accident. Anyway haha.

One thing is certain\: Testa hasn’t lost his star quality which allows him to command both sympathetic and likable attention.

All sorts of questions such as ‘Will Testa continue with his next activities’ ‘When will he make a comeback?’ ‘Will the agency continue as is?’ swept the internet.

And quite suddenly a notice appeared on the social media of a performance reservation platform.

-Is this really a testa?? (link)

A platform from another company that Testa has never used and is not related to T1.

However the words that appeared on social media were enough to attract aggro.

[what? Are national stocks holding ☆free☆ concerts?]

National stocks.

A buzzword from a few years ago.

A few people quickly joined in and started talking.

-National stock historical modifier; It just seems like aggro

-Azusa’s next season won’t start with a concert haha.

-Isn’t this hacking?

It wasn’t everything.

A few days later. Because the next upload on that SNS was this.

[Watch Kookmin Stock’s ☆Free☆ concert and give strength to sick children!]

[Host\: Moon Dae Park Guest\: Testa]

That’s right.

What Park Moon-dae planned was a fundraising concert to help the less fortunate.
