---
title: "Chapter 239"
category: "book"
index: 238
section: "Chapter 239"
slug: "239"
---

# Chapter 239

A concert in which Park Moon-dae invites Testa as a guest.

There was a possibility that this question would be raised.

-Why is Park Moon-dae the host and Testa the guest?

-Park Moon-dae pushes me a lot haha.

However it did not become public opinion.

Park Moon-Dae already knew how to avoid controversy in this format.

‘All you have to do is reverse the relationship between succession and succession.’

[All of the audience’s valuable donations raised during the concert will go to pediatric patients in long-term hospitalization.]

If the donation theme is long-term hospitalization Park Moon-Dae will naturally become the right candidate.

‘Because I was hospitalized the longest due to a car accident.’

The donation concept was not included in Park Moon-dae’s solo concert but rather ‘Park Moon-dae suits this concert format best.’

Naturally people thought that Park Moon-dae was appointed as the host to further emphasize the meaning of the donation concert.

[Online concert held for Testa child patients]

[“I thought a lot while I was hospitalized”…Testa’s meaningful donation concert]

And once the press release was centered around the Testa Group everything was bound to fall into place in this structure.

-We support the great actions of top star young people^^

-Testa you are really amazing I respect you bb

-I really like the good influence~ It’s great~

A good deed that is traditionally easily accepted received a fairly good response from older age groups as well.

It was a good signal for mobilizing audiences.

However as the image of a charity event became stronger than that of a concert criticism of this format itself naturally followed.

-He must have made a lot of money but it seems like he’s trying to show off with fans’ money. Am I the only one who doesn’t like it?

-The donation is made by a fan and the name of the donation is Testa? Haha you’re so smart.

The rebuttal was clear and simple.

-Testa Concert’s daily sales exceeded 2 billion won…

└ㄷㄷㄷㄷ

└Wow awesome

└Are they giving up 2 billion to do this? LOL

-The entire tour was canceled due to the accident so the loss would have been huge but it’s great.

-You guys are such idiots haha.

In capitalist society there is no phrase that quantifies sacrifice as well as ‘giving up profits’.

Fans circulated through communities and social media by writing promotional messages about how meaningful this concert was and how they would like everyone to see it.

Yet I was filled with great emotion.

– Moon Dae-ya… Ah I can’t do personality sales but I really want to scream to the whole world that Moon Daeng is an angel.

-It was disappointing that he couldn’t meet his fans due to the tour being canceled so he planned it for free… ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Testuta you soft rice cake goblins are really going crazy how can you do this?

Fans were filled with fear and worry for over two weeks but then saw a miraculous recovery and the revelation of the company’s corruption.

Moreover a successful return and stage.

Fans were completely immersed in Testa’s situation due to the flood of events and upward trajectory.

Still I couldn’t stop worrying.

-Is it okay to hold a concert at Mundae already? I guess I’ll have to adjust it well by adding a lot of Sanok.

-Even at Tacon I stumbled during the interlude of Mundae. To be honest I’m worried I think I’m overdoing it.

-The kids are also playing dub apps these days and while it’s good it’s still a bit disappointing. If you listen to what they say it seems like everyone is obsessively taking care of their health these days.

└ㄹㅇ I’m worried that they’re being pressured for their activities. I think they’re trying to change their image with their kids since they’re getting criticized by T1’s bastards.

As a performance-oriented male idol group Testa had many title songs with extremely intense choreography such as ‘Training’.

And these songs often decorate the core stages of concerts.

Naturally fans debated whether it would be okay for Park Moon-dae who had just recovered from an injury to perform on such a stage in a row.

However public opinion soon shifted to one side.

-The concert cover hasn’t even been opened yet so don’t worry about buying it.

└Don’t you have to tell me before opening the lid to make changes?

└No why are you trying to modify the set list that the kids made lol?

-No matter what you do bad things keep coming out. Can’t you have some fun? It’s so tiring

-It seems like the kids are all excited because it’s been a while since they last performed so please don’t lose count…

-The atmosphere is good so this concert is going to be a big hit. Everyone stop talking bitterly and just say ㄹㅇㅋ.

This was because it had been a long time since the performance had been performed and public opinion was very positive after the news was spread. Fans also wanted to ride this momentum.

In addition promotional banners containing the concert format appeared on social media to prevent worried people from being further offended.

[Talk Concert with Testa 〈As Your Heart Takes〉]

[♡Thank you for your participation♡]

In the poster the seven stool-shaped chairs on the stage were corrected to receive the spotlight.

-Wow talk concert hahaha

-Surely the College of Arts is going on?? Is Mundae the host??

-The feeling of a donation event suddenly came to me haha.

-Talk concert? Isn’t this just a lecture and a performance in the middle?

└ㄴㄴ Perhaps it will just be a format where you talk a lot and perform on stage in between? Solo singers often

└Aha ㅇㅋㅇㅋ

Even those who were worried were somewhat reassured because the nature of the concert seemed quite different from the previous Testa concerts which focused on intense performances.

And the platform’s strategy to attract audiences did not end there.

The point is that people will say ‘everything that needs to be said has been said’ and no one will reproduce stories about the Testa concert other than fans.

[Oseong shoots!]

[☆The number of donations increased in proportion to the number of viewers of Testa’s 〈As Your Heart Goes〉!☆]

(※Based on real-time maximum simultaneous connection)

Articles about corporate sponsorship have been popping up all the time.

It was just a week before the concert.

-Whahahahahahahahahahaha awesome

-T-One somehow didn’t put a spoon on it.

└Words become seeds Shhh

-Let’s donate 1 million people and 100 million people at the same time~ hahahaha

-Hey what is 100 won per person? I’ll give you 500 won. Where did Gao a large company go? (I ask other companies to join us quickly)

-Only simultaneous connections are counted? Let’s scold them with 10000000 hits.

A corporate sponsorship that promises to donate in proportion to the number of people watching the Testa concert.

Even the ambiguous amount and the shameful warning phrase stimulated the interest of netizens.

Thanks to this posts promoting the Testa concert were once again circulating on the Internet.

[Free donation added to free admission to Testa Concert haha]

[Testar Concert Drug Ban Advertisement.jpg]

[☆★Testa Talk☆Con★☆ When viewing all $$ is donated ☜☜ 100 won per person given ※ Free admission ※ ★Legitimate opportunity to steal 5 stars★ ©Saturday 14\:00]

It was so funny that some people joined in even if they weren’t fans of Testa.

Moreover public opinion was soft because the intentions were flawless.

So the one remaining question was also smoothly passed.

-But how are you going to hold a talk concert non-face-to-face?

-Are you not accepting questions in advance?

-It looks like the testers are just playing drums and playing around with each other haha.

└ㅋㅋㅋ That might be cute in its own way right?

The question is how can a talk concert be held properly if there is no audience at all?

Idols were not professional MCs or instructors. If you’re not careful it’s easy to get ambiguous results.

Of course Park Moon-dae was not an idiot so the answer to this was being prepared from the moment of signing the platform deal with Cheongryeo.

However he was struggling with a different kind of worry at this moment.

* * *

“10 minutes break~”

“Whoop!!”

I need to bulk up and bulk up.

‘My stamina doesn’t keep up.’

I took a sip of the lukewarm sports drink and took a deep breath.

‘…It’s a waste after all.’

Not being able to use Bacchus meant that my available time was reduced by about 4 hours.

I was only able to control my condition by sleeping when I needed to monitor practice and plan.

Time passed by in an instant.

However if you don’t sleep your stamina won’t keep up and you won’t be able to be efficient. Ultimately it is the origin.

‘…should I increase my exercise time?’

I gained some muscle through anaerobic exercise but honestly it wasn’t at a level I was satisfied with. When I was in college…

No let’s think about it after the concert is over.

If I finish this online concert properly I think I will be able to overcome the status abnormality within the period so I will have time to think about other things.

‘The publicity worked.’

Looking at the current internet momentum it’s okay.

In any case if I do my best to put off the lawsuit and go to Japan early next year… I think it will be okay.

…and as things were going well according to plan another problem began to come into view.

“10 minutes are over~ Back in formation!”

“Yeap!”

I smiled and looked at the guy who hit Cha Yu-jin on the back.

“…”

I still sat down in my seat and looked at him.

Big Sejin seemed to flinch for a moment but then asked with a still smiling face.

“…Would you like to rest a little longer?”

“No I’m fine.”

“Okay~”

Words are good.

But attitudes have definitely changed.

The facial expressions and gestures that were used to make jokes right before crossing the line or in irritating situations have completely disappeared.

Instead all that was left was something like a reaction robot.

‘It wasn’t like this when we first met.’

In short it’s extremely uncomfortable.

It may seem like they are trying to please others or it may seem like they are protesting.

And since when has it been like this… I’m too sure.

-Do you really have to say it that way?

-…!

-Don’t be sarcastic. I’m speaking honestly.

I’ve been doing this ever since I received an apology from him after this conversation in the hospital room.

‘Fuck you.’

So I can’t tell if they’re doing it because they’re upset or because they’re sorry.

‘I’m not the kind of person who will criticize you.’

It seems like he’ll just keep doing that until he gets better but the problem is that he can’t communicate every time it seems like there’s going to be a conflict of opinion.

-… So I want to do these two regardless of the choice. What do you think?

-If you think that way you can go that way~

-What do you think? You said earlier that you would do one of the two.

-… me? What am I? Everything is okay? Take it easy take it easy~

Does he lower his tail first or is he euphemistically expressing that just dealing with him makes him feel stressed?

Anyway since this happens every time it means that his speed is definitely not normal.

The guy who likes to lead situations according to his own will always throws away his options whenever he bumps into me.

“…after.”

After the concert… no I don’t know.

Isn’t there an actual conflict? Rather I think we can fight with scratches.

‘Is it just time?’

“end! Thank you for your hard work~”

“Yay!”

“It was perfect no mistakes!”

I finished the choreography for the last song and did some stretching to shake off unnecessary thoughts.

I heard a voice talking behind me.

“…Mundae~ Is your back okay?”

“Oh I’m fine.”

…Looking at things like this it seems like there is a desire to get along well.

When I looked back I saw that Big Sejin was just smiling vaguely.

After standing for a moment he immediately took his towel and headed to the back of the practice room.

“…”

What the fuck are you saying?

Do I have to rejuvenate and worry about interpersonal relationships which I never had to do when I was a minor after 3 years of preparing for the public service?

I sat down on a chair in the corner of the practice room and raised my head to look at the ceiling. There is no answer.

It was then.

“Mumundaeya.”

“…why.”

“Hey… I may be saying something for nothing but…”

Seon Ah-hyeon who had quietly approached and started talking suddenly got to the point.

However it was a bit off.

“To Sejin… are you still angry?”

“…? no.”

If that guy was mad at me he would be mad.

However Sun Ah-hyun seemed to have taken my words as a good sign and sat down next to me and began to defend the guy.

“Sejin worked very hard when there was a school traffic accident…”

“…”

“I talked to the raw fish company… I kept coming to the hospital and talked about the surgery… I worked really hard! “I can’t even eat well…”

Sun Ah-hyun’s explanation was not detailed and specific. However the emotions at the time were somewhat evident.

Desperate efforts when ‘Park Moon-dae’ does not happen. And sadness.

So I realized.

“When Mundae woke up Sejin cried a lot in the car on the way home. Everyone did the same but I think he was that worried about Mundae that much.”

Even more than I thought… these guys cared about me a lot more.

I was speechless.

“So… I wonder if you can think about it in a positive way too. “I hope you can feel at ease at the university…”

“…”

I opened my mouth with difficulty.

“…okay.”

“…!”

“I’ll talk about it.”

“Ugh!”

Seon Ah-hyun smiled faintly then at Cha Yu-jin’s call she staggered to her feet and went to check her luggage.

“brother! “I’m eating this!”

“huh? “Just sleep for a moment…!”

I sat there for a while and finally decided.

And that evening.

“Big Sejin.”

“uh?”

I asked for Bae Se-jin’s understanding and changed rooms for a while. He smiled happily packed his things in the living room and went in.

“…Mundae?”

“okay.”

So in other words I am Big Sejin’s roommate today.
