---
title: "Chapter 241"
category: "book"
index: 240
section: "Chapter 241"
slug: "241"
---

# Chapter 241

Real-time comments increased tremendously.

-It’s a concert so let’s go cool.

-#1

-#2#2#2 Please make it cute ㅠㅠㅠ

-Does it count even if I use this together??

– Hahahaha that’s really funny haha.

There are people who try different numbers as a test people who genuinely push for one option and most people who choose one just for fun.

Various stories were updated so quickly that the comment section exploded.

And the count on the electronic display board went up quickly.

[Testa]

1. Cool (2017)

2. Cute (1992)

Park Mun-dae’s mumbling which had not yet appeared was heard again.

[Hmm… It’s a very close match. Thank you for your quick support.]

[Time limit is 3 minutes. Forward… 120 seconds left.]

Perhaps he didn’t know that the count would go up so passionately and there was a hint of embarrassment in Park Moon-dae’s calm voice.

‘Aw it’s so cute!’

The graduate student typed on the keyboard with both hands and quickly added up the count.

-#1 Testa is the best!

‘At the concert Mundae probably wanted to do something more cool right?’

The graduate student was happily satisfied with his choice. It just so happened that there were slightly more people who took number 1!

But unfortunately for her there were some imaginary numbers mixed in here.

First of all there were many people who took the test and chose number 1.

Moreover the people who signed up before the concert started and then logged in right away… a significant number of them were very passionate fans.

And the more people there were the more often they made choices that were slightly different from the general public.

-Hit 2 right now.

-Lovers who are watching Testacon now please give strength to number 2 quickly. It’s #2 quickly.

-ㅅㅂ Let’s take a look at the Godgis’ joke partyㅠㅠㅠ

Testa’s cool appearance on stage is because there are already numerous databases.

The cute stage can only be seen sporadically at surprise stages at concerts or on social media so I couldn’t miss this opportunity.

‘Official cute stage!!’

Fans pushed for number 2 like crazy and the result.

[Testa]

1. Cool (10286)

2. Cute (15601)

achieved an overwhelming victory.

-Hahahahaha

-I pity those of you who don’t know how cool Testa is!

-It’s cheap~~

-Okay I won. Cuteness conquers the world!

Park Moon-dae’s voice was still calm as if he couldn’t confirm the comments filled with bullshit and laughter.

[The audience’s choice is… &lt;Testa is Cute&gt;. Thank you for your participation.]

However there was a bit of laughter mixed in.

[Well I didn’t know it would be this bad.]

‘cute!!’

It was a moment when even a graduate student who was a little disappointed that he didn’t get number 1 willingly accepted number 2.

[Then let’s meet the ‘cute’ Testa.]

The moment those words ended the screen changed.

“and.”

What appeared… was a new stage.

The stage at the concert hall that Testa rented was not just one.

And this newly appeared stage… looked like a very high-quality kindergarten performance stage.

‘Panel?’

Stage props depicting trees the sea tile-roofed houses and the sun were all cutely gathered together to decorate the stage.

On that bright stage as if it were a children’s fairy tale unfolding.

[I… like to sleep after having fun!]

Cha Yu-jin’s Korean narration was heard which was considerably more lively than the original.

And as sparkling helium balloons burst onto the stage testa poured out.

Children’s shouts were included.

[Wow!]

The testas who came running were all dressed as if they were suitable for a children’s fairy tale play.

The coordination of the woodcutter scholar tiger magpie and goblin was exaggerated in a theatrical way and finished in a cute way.

It’s truly a children’s stage.

However Testa did not care and began the performance resolutely.

Their powerful title ‘Spring out’ was based on the concept of Joseon steampunk.

-The sense of today seeps in

Enjoy this moment I can feel the gaze

Now without notice

Spring out

In the meantime even the choreography was slightly changed to give it a sense of movement.

It was an incredibly powerful opening in another sense.

– Haha are they serious?

-Testa is so softㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-It’s really the best. It’s cute. It’s the best choice.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Meanwhile you are so good you are secretly the king.

The audience burst into laughter and left comments at the bright and honest stage worthy of a real charity event.

However some fans felt a little nostalgic.

-Reminds me of an impromptu concert stage…

-They’re trying to make us feel the same way about our kids’ tour being canceled. It really makes me cry.

-The kids are cute but I feel overwhelmed alone.

All of that mixed together and the real-time comment window became complete chaos.

And similar things were repeated on social media and in communities enjoying great advertising effects.

-What are you all talking about?

-Testa plays?

– Come see the free concert guys. It’s a full-fledged hilarious comment-participatory concert.

-What are you talking about?

Even people who were not particularly interested in things like idol donation concerts end up clicking the link out of curiosity.

Meanwhile Testa was performing well on stage.

The fun included not being overly cute and showing off a bit of embarrassment.

-Hey Testa really worked hard haha.

-You guys are really sincere about your donations.

-I should have chosen number 1 ㅠㅠ (It’s a lie)

And after seeing this anomalous stage people wondered what the other options were.

-Then what is cool?? What on earth did coolness come from?ㅠㅠㅠ

-Are there any other options?

-It looks like it will appear on the next stage or something haha.

With some anticipation people waited for a ‘standard’ great stage to follow.

But there was no point.

[If you choose one side of the crossroads you cannot go to the other side.]

[So as for the one who is not chosen it never happened!]

This was said after the members’ awkward personal greetings after the performance.

Lee Se-jin grinned raised his index finger made an X and held it up to the camera.

And the members also laughed at the absurdity of it but they couldn’t laugh at the comments.

-??

-really?

-Hey I heard there is no such thing? Haha.

[Ah~ I’m so sorry! I prepared hard~]

[Still the performance continues. Go to the next option!]

The people in the comments slowly realized what was going on due to the members’ lively voices.

-This means giving up one thing unconditionally.

-Hey Testa crazy people do you have to do this much for a donation concert?

-Will they release it on the other side of the internet?? yes.?

Everyone tried to think rationally saying ‘There’s no way we can just throw away what we prepared’ but anyway what we saw in front of us was a tester who neatly performed only the choices and moved on.

Either choice is the end!

Thanks to this voting gradually began to heat up.

[This winter]

1. Going to the sea in snowy winter

2. Drink warm cocoa at home

The voting electronic display stage is back again.

Now comments have begun to actively persuade others.

-Oh it’s definitely cocoa haha. That’s crossing the line.

-Let’s go to the sea in winter. The stage looks like shit.

-Do we have to watch boring work from home at a concert? Of course it’s the sea.

-I think I’ll find a place to stay. Please make me some cocoa. Please.

This time after a close race with over 50000 total votes Winter Sea ultimately won with 30000 votes.

[Oh what a result!]

[This is a great choice.]

And a change of scene.

The members sang while sitting on the floor in a dreamy swaying silver gray stage.

It was ‘Picnic’ which had a more delicate sound and was arranged to suit the vocal performance.

-It has nothing to do with the weather forecast.

It’s the day I want to meet you

If you walk lightly

Today is a blue sky

It was a cool and beautiful a cappella.

Taking advantage of the non-face-to-face concert gently undulating silver-blue waves bathed the screen along with the beautiful song.

The stage ended in a lingering way with dramatic chords led by Park Moon-dae at the climax.

-It was good…

-Ah haha it was a good choice.

-There are a lot of good Testa songs.

As each interesting or impressive performance piled up people became more immersed in the concert bragging about their choices or wondering about other options.

Even people who used to watch illegal broadcasts on WeTube because they were tired of unpopular platforms became interested in voting and came in.

-ㅉㅉChoose the 2nd choreography video the music video is cringy #2

-If you choose a dog it’s Mundaeng and if you choose a cat Chagoyoung is the center? Haha.

-# Just put it in and upload it right?

-No fun

-Wow I really hit it this time haha.

There were people trying to make a fuss but it was actually meaningless.

In any case the comment was not visible to Testa and had no effect other than choosing one of the options and adding the numbers.

However it was just very fun because the real-time reflection and choices were stimulating.

People chose a variety of options such as ‘Dog VS Cat’ ‘Hotteok VS Yakgwa’ and ‘Magic VS Baseball’.

Some options seemed to blatantly push the side connected to Testa and other options made me wonder what they had to do with the stage.

But no matter what you choose watching the stage will answer any doubts and make you burst into laughter or admiration.

-I was choosing a cover song. It’s soft and sweet so it’s uplifting haha.

-Baseball = got a high five. Ah Cheongwoo in baseball uniform is great as always.ㅠㅠㅠ

-Hotteokkekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke a mukbang VCR was circulated?

Ingenious captures and GIF files were produced in real time and circulated on social media.

And Testa didn’t forget about commercials.

[Please give Somang who has never left the hospital room a tomorrow where his dreams will come true.]

Through cooperation with the Children’s Welfare Foundation there were occasional talks requesting donations with a hopeful feel.

The purpose was to remind people that this was a donation concert and it was quite effective.

Since there was a set timing for receiving donations donations came all at once.

And the firecracker effect that appears every time it explodes constantly covers the comment section encouraging participation causing even people who wouldn’t normally donate to donate.

-awesome

-Hey we are cultured.

-Saturday’s leisure life~ Big

That was when people became completely accustomed to this system and flow.

[This time… the drill options are about special stages.]

[i look forward to…!]

The phrase on the electronic sign that appeared after Sun Ah-hyun’s soft voice was something the audience had never expected.

[My prediction is that the special stage will be]

1. VTIC covered by Testa

2. Testada covered by VTIC

Suddenly another group from the first team appeared in sight.

-???

-What is it?

-Hey is this really true?

-Why is V-Tik here?

But soon people figured out what was going on.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ If you choose number 2 Testa will pretend to be V-Tik.

-Oh I thought it would be funny haha.

-Are you listening to Testa’s VTIC-style arrangement? I’m so happy lol

-Will Testa come out and apologize to the public?

Anyone could see that the choice was cute. Didn’t they tell me to take number 1 instead of taking number 2?

Since most of Testa’s fans are watching they naturally expect it to be number 1.

The problem was that as the game got bigger the audience pool also increased.

There was no way the audience who were already entertained by the choice format would miss such a funny treat.

-Hey let’s go number 2.

-I wonder what to do haha.

-You seem really embarrassed? Hahaha #2

-#2 The answer is number 2~~

In addition fans who wanted to make fun of Testa joined in turning the trend towards number 2.

Of course some fans were restless due to the cold feeling.

‘If I do this wrong I’ll be criticized for using VTIC…?’

‘Ah this is breathtaking… ’

But only 3 minutes.

The conclusion was reached without time for public opinion to overturn.

Testada covered by VTIC (71432)

It was two wins.

– Hahahahahahaha awesome

-Now what are you going to do with Testa?

-Wow it actually came out twice haha.

-I look forward to it guys.

When those mischievous expectations are inflated to their maximum.

[Ah… this is how it ended up.]

[Sure.]

As soon as we started talking a narration started flowing.

However it was not the voice I heard before.

-?

-Do you regret Testa?

People who weren’t Testa’s fans laughed and commented but Testa’s fans were a little embarrassed.

‘this… ’

The voice was not Testa’s.

And after a while.

Instead of changing the stage shown on the screen an electronic display board suddenly opened.

“…!!”

And from the black backstage four figures walked out from between the dry ice.

-omg

-Hey wait a minute.

-no way

‘No way’ was correct.

In fact VTIC made a cameo appearance at the Testa concert.

-crazy

The audience’s reaction began to explode at this unexpected and dramatic development.
