---
title: "Chapter 242"
category: "book"
index: 241
section: "Chapter 242"
slug: "242"
---

# Chapter 242

A few hours ago. Behind the stage set up for Testa’s non-face-to-face donation concert.

“Do you need water?”

“it’s okay.”

Cheongryeo was familiar with the backstage.

From a small local festival at the time when ‘things weren’t going well’ to a stadium filled entirely with VTIC staff.

He repeatedly experienced all stages of the industry and layer upon layer of familiarity formed a deep layer within him.

Therefore the members of VTIC were also accustomed to the leader’s calmness.

It seems as if he was born to do this job never showing signs of agitation or awkward response in any situation.

So after their debut they quickly became calm as if they were contagious.

“Wow I feel a bit nervous.”

“I see. I guess this is the burden on the guests.”

“that’s right. “You have to do better at other people’s parties!”

VTIC talked slyly in front of their WeTube upload camera and waited for Cheongryeo to strike at the right time as usual.

It was an appropriate decision.

“This is a meaningful project so I hope it will be helpful to Testa juniors.”

“That’s right~ Thank you for inviting me to such a great place Testa junior!”

The members smiled and waved at the camera and Cheongryeo thought with a smiling face.

‘No it’s a loss.’

How can you honestly say such an absurd thing?

It was inevitable because the members were selected based only on the accident rate and stage quality but no one was quick to notice.

If things continue like this we will most likely end up enriching others.

‘If you do well if you don’t do well you’ll be a waste of money.’

Not only are all the guests at the juniors’ concert but they are also top-notch seniors in the same industry who sing the juniors’ songs.

Of course we couldn’t just blame the members.

‘The trap looks so good that I can’t help it.’

Cheongryeo recalled the conversation that occurred when Park Moon-dae was visiting the hospital when this appearance occurred.

Park Moon-dae’s first proposal for a donation concert.

-How about co-hosting?

-well.

At this time VTIC’s schedule was on the verge of becoming murderous.

This is because they were preparing for a full comeback.

After Cheongryeo’s solo album achieved great success VTIC’s scope of movement became greatly freed.

This means that the attitude of the board of directors who were hesitant about releasing domestic albums out of concern that VTIC’s downward trend was becoming visible has disappeared.

Thanks to this preparations for the album gained momentum without Cheongryeo having to make any special adjustments.

And like all idols who were usually at the VTIC level they were scheduled to tour overseas after appearing on domestic music shows for a week for the sake of fame.

But rehearsing for a stadium tour and preparing for a new concert at the same time?

‘It’s impossible.’

There will be no time to sleep. Even now just by visiting Park Moon-dae’s hospital room Cheongryeo’s sleep time has decreased.

It was like this even during the preparation period but there was nothing to say after the comeback. It was a future so determined that it would be embarrassing to even call it a prediction.

Cheongryeo told the truth.

-I won’t have time because it’s an active period.

Park Moon-dae was not too embarrassed.

-Then what about as a guest?

-hmm.

-Anyway if you see something that will do well you’ll want to step into the platform.

Park Moon-dae’s explanation was clear.

We will make an exclusive contract with LeTi’s platform for the format of this donation concert.

Then as a gesture of friendship and publicity LeTi invites Cheongryeo who happens to be close friends with Park Moon-dae to appear on the show.

-So all you have to do is set up any stage and put a spoon on it.

Cheongryeo knew at that moment.

‘You already knew?’

Knowing that joint planning was impossible due to VTIC’s current schedule Park Moon-dae led the discussion to this structure.

Cheongryeo narrowed his eyes.

‘Use me as a guest… la.’

And he asked me to perform on any stage.

At first glance it seems like they were considerate of the senior’s busy schedule but in fact it means that you can come without the car or the bag.

While Testa performs a special performance for a separately trained concert Cheongryeo performs a regular performance alone.

It was a matter of weight class.

If anything happens the status of Cheongryeo will suffer.

Although it may not be as risky as Park Moon-dae appearing as a guest on VTIC’s tour it was a risky act.

-how is it.

However unilateral refusal is also a dangerous situation.

He didn’t forget.

‘Recording.’

A recording of the conversation at the time of the kidnapping will be in Park Moon-dae’s cloud.

The main vocalist has already graced the social scene once. The moment this explodes it is safe to say that VTIC’s career is over.

However Cheongnyeo judged that there was little chance of Park Mun-dae releasing the recording.

‘It’s going to be a mud fight.’

Park Moon-dae’s activities will also be greatly disrupted. Therefore it is a card that can never be used when there is still a mission left.

However… Park Moon-dae’s survival is at stake right now so if necessary he could threaten Cheongryeo by mentioning the recording as a bluff.

And at that moment this friendly relationship was a catastrophe.

Cheongryeo didn’t want that either.

So after making a quick decision I smiled.

-great. Guest appearance.

-then…

-Oh the VTIC power is about to go out.

-…!

-Are you okay? I think the audience will also increase.

It was crazy.

If Cheongryeo appeared alone even in case of an emergency the damage could have been minimized due to the image of a ‘guest invited thanks to friendship’.

Park Moon-dae probably thought that was the worst case scenario for Cheongryeo.

However Cheongryeo had no intention of unilaterally tearing off his flesh like that.

-…

Park Moon-dae was silent for a moment but then calmly nodded.

-okay.

-yes. Then let’s do that.

So this was a kind of game.

If VTIC comes out there is a risk that it will be a much bigger blow than if Cheongryeo comes out alone.

But if you get the benefit at the same time it’s even bigger. Because the two groups are directly compared.

And because Cheongnyeo knew VTIC’s stage quality he judged the odds of winning clearly.

‘More than 70%.’

And the board was made bigger.

-I think it would be fun to switch songs.

Wouldn’t you make sure to fill the number of people at Park Moon University as well?

“…”

After finishing reminiscing Cheongryeo smiled.

In the end it was a plate he had laid his hands on.

It would be natural for the members to fall for it because they thought it had a good purpose and seemed fun. Because he chose the members that way. With things that are easy to handle.

However their strength lay entirely in their main job.

Cheongryeo recalls Park Moon-dae’s conditions again.

‘400000 people.’

Do you know what the daily audience figure was for their online concert last year?

There were 610000 people.

This is a masterpiece that is only paid for on this platform.

So as long as VTIC’s group appearance has been decided there is no problem with Park Moon-dae’s survival.

‘We will have to endure some leakage of Testa’s fandom.’

Isn’t that something you brought upon yourself?

He couldn’t take responsibility for Park Moon-dae’s regrets.

‘Hmm should I let you meet Kongi?’

Cheongryeo thought of his dog and briefly thought about ways to comfort him.

“Let’s go.”

“V-TIK wins today too! Ah Victorious~”

At the time of debut the members used an old-fashioned cheering slogan chosen by the director as if it were a joke.

Even after so many restarts somehow that didn’t change. Maybe it was because he didn’t really want to change.

Because he always wanted to win.

“VCR ends in 10 seconds!”

Cheongryeo felt a strange tingle crawl up her back as she watched the stage structure open in front of her.

It felt unfamiliar because it had been so long.

The sense of taking risks and running toward uncertain results.

It was a challenge.

[ah.]

A short test sound heard through the in-ears.

And then the stage began.

* * *

The moment when VTIC walked onto the stage and formed a leisurely formation.

The comments were filled with all kinds of question marks exclamation points and exclamations and were replaced without even being read.

It wasn’t just the comments here.

-Hey V-Tik

-The real V-Tik comes out

-Tikas wow haha.

-crazy

After seeing real-time viewings on social media many people were surprised and logged on to the Testa concert.

And the pop-up notification sent by the platform to people who had subscribed to VTIC in a timely manner caused many people to click in confusion.

[VTIC has appeared!]

In front of the pop-up notification was VTIC’s logo which was even made into an emoticon.

And at that moment of confusion VTIC started the stage.

Weeing- weeing- weeeeee!

Along with the sound of the siren low drums begin to sound like formal applause.

Harsh fast and intense percussion and brass instruments that heighten the tension.

And the iconic riff melody that goes down.

-Travel

-Are you coming?

It was Testa’s representative song.

However the classical oriental feel of the train disappeared without a trace.

Instead technical electronic sounds and an orchestra run over an intense trap beat.

And VTIC dressed in a tight suit with a black harness and padded gloves interpreted the parade’s choreography in a faster and more modern way.

-He is coming. today-.

Even if you struggle you can’t avoid it

I’m sorry. He is coming.

And the rap becomes slower and more groovy deftly supporting the performance.

There was no room for choreography that seemed to embody a giant beast. Instead it is covered with precise group dance that feels authoritative like a commando unit in formation.

Like capturing an animal.

Then there is the saluting gesture and the rising bass.

-He has now appeared. Warning warning again.

Slow and thrilling approach

me me me me

-Take off

The tempo of the rap changed. It pours out as if running encouraging aggression. And the refrain.

-The day finally arrived!

Oh Oh Oh…

The accompaniment was suddenly dropped at a different moment from the original song.

-Never get away from me Yeah

A languid wave choreography full of intimidation. And again quick group dance with each angle

In front of dancers holding flags who moved like jockeys VTIC went crazy pushing the stage movement to the limit.

They no longer have a main vocalist.

However the absence of vocals was offset by rap and performance.

It is absent and naked so that those who see it are overwhelmed and hold their breath.

-and

The comment window suddenly became slower. The extreme state of concentration makes one forget the action equivalent to applause.

VTIC went wild amid red lasers blue lasers and a lower more majestic riff melody.

And the introduction of verse 2 is omitted along with the performance. The accompaniment jumped right into the part where the bridge of the train was supposed to go.

The members pause and turn back to form formation.

However instead of the promised melody a familiar rap refrain comes in.

-Sangun

Their claws are hella sharp

Readily tear you apart

You can’t catch it like that

No you can’t.

And the iconic choreography using hands and waist.

-??

-Sangun

– and here

One of their representative songs. It is 〈Sangun〉.

The melody and bass are intertwined according to the context and the group of mountains grows bigger and bigger.

With the addition of the song’s most iconic traditional instrument reference.

-Make me a Boss

That’s right isn’t it?

VTIC put together two songs with the keyword ‘beast’ and pulled the keyword ‘traditional style’ towards themselves.

As if to show who did it first.

It’s as if &lt;Training&gt; was completely arranged and freed from its imitation.

And the attempt was very plausible.

-I’m so cool

-Sangun! Mountain army! Mountain army!

-Look at the quality of the grand prize song.

This is because the public and VTIC’s fans who were excited by the appearance of a major hit song responded enthusiastically to Sangun taking over the performance and dominating the second half.

The stage had all the persuasive power in its funny moments.

-Sangun

Their claws are hella sharp

Let me prove it

An explosive final dance break.

And the stage ended with VTIC forming a four-person formation among the giant flags.

However the comments were endlessly filled with sentiments.

-torn

-It’s crazy of course it’s V-Tik

-Why are the kids here?ㅠㅠ

-gooseflesh

-Wow it’s really cool.

VTIC took a deep breath waved to the dancers as they entered and smiled at the camera.

Then we sat down on a chair brought by the staff and even talked a few words.

[Thank you for choosing a good choice everyone!]

[It was really fun~]

Even if they chose number 1 they were going to show up anyway but they slyly applauded and praised the intention of planning the concert.

Of course I didn’t forget the jokes.

[Oh come to think of it! We are also in the middle of a concert~]

[If you are interested please come take a look! haha!]

People cried in the comments.

-Guys there are no tickets…

-This kind of deception is too much.

-I understand why I became friends with Testa.

And some fans with tickets also cried under the water.

-ㅠㅠㅠYou crazy people if you are going to do something like this please give me a noticeㅅㅂ

-You’re doing well. You can’t defect even if you try to stop him from defecting… For a thousand years ten thousand years enjoy the 1st team mugglesㅠㅠ

-I bought a resale ticket. Damn I can’t believe I bought something like this.

-Letty How long are you planning on using these kids to expand their business? They do this all the time because the kids are good at it.

– Hahaha but it’s a bit refreshing. It looks like the idiots are going crazy haha. Of course Tikas who missed the real-time show will be upset but I watched it in real-time^^

The atmosphere was completely gone.

I couldn’t find any posts disparaging VTIC right now other than things like ‘You’re clenching your teeth to win over your junior.’

It meant that Anti could not be brought down from this stage without a mental victory.

And Park Moon-dae was watching this from backstage.

* * *

If it had been a real performance there would have been a lot of screaming.

I put the water bottle in my mouth.

Scary bastard.

‘It was like calling a real tiger.’

Of course I plan to peel off the leather and dry it before using it.

‘I can’t let the flow go on like this.’

Testa’s next stage was just around the corner.
