---
title: "Chapter 243"
category: "book"
index: 242
section: "Chapter 243"
slug: "243"
---

# Chapter 243

The monitoring equipment showed that VTIC on stage continued the talk fluently without any awkwardness.

[In fact the longer you are active the less likely you are to cover fellow idols’ songs.]

[That’s right~ The concert will also be filled with our songs!]

[That’s a really cool thing. Still it was really fun preparing for the cover stage after a long time.]

Even if you don’t look at it there will be a lot of people in the comments saying things like ‘That must have been unfair when they could have taken off the rank insignia and replaced it with an X. Haha.’

I tried to cross my arms but held back. This is so as not to interfere with the staff adjusting my microphone position.

Those two guys can’t use their energy on professional entertainment shows but they can speak quite convincingly among themselves.

“Sat talk… you’re good at it.”

“I’ve been doing it for over 8 years so of course I should.”

“Is that so?”

Bae Se-jin responded awkwardly to Sun Ah-hyun’s admiration. It seems that Cheongryeo is not happy that she came here.

Well that was expected. He was shocked when I first mentioned it.

-Why does that crazy person hold an event like this…!!

-Because the platform belongs to that agency. I think it would be difficult to refuse.

-Ugh…!

-So… I think it would be better to just call the whole group. What do you think?

-… okay. It’s better that way though.

After that a long discussion ensued that changed to ‘Should this concert be held on that platform in the first place?’ but Bae Se-jin ultimately lost in the majority vote.

For your information the other guy who knew that Cheongryeo was the bastard who got into a dog fight with me while on vacation… Well he happened to be a reaction robot who only shouted yes.

-… okay? Okay I guess I’ll have to work hard.

This was the end of Keun Se-jin’s reaction at the time.

The problem is that now you’re making a pretty disrespectful gesture… Hey don’t pretend to behead someone by fanning them.

Looking at it this way it seems like everyone is nervous and on guard but of course there are some who are just excited.

For example Raebin Kim.

“It was a quite adventurous yet sophisticated arrangement. Next time I think it would be fun to arrange our seniors’ ‘Sangun’ in a more modern way. What do you think?”

“…”

That’s not it.

‘If it goes that far it will be a real fight… ’

‘How dare you use Haengcha like this? It will be seen as ‘I will do the same to the mountains’.

It looks like we’re going to end up with a warm atmosphere on the water just in the nick of time in the name of a donation concert but if we get there there’s really no answer.

It’s not a contest program so there will be angry issue YouTubers asking what kind of diss battle this is and then a real mess will break out.

Fortunately before I could open my mouth Ryu Cheong-woo gently cut off Kim Rae-bin’s words.

“Let’s do it if we have the chance.”

“yes!”

It’s a face that can’t even guess that that opportunity will never come.

“…”

Still… I guess I’m happy at least one thing.

No there is one more guy.

“We use the flag too!! “The flag is cool!!”

Cha Yu-jin is ready to create at least a new song. Bae Se-jin asks the guy with a shocked look on his face.

“…Aren’t you nervous?”

“Why are you doing this?”

“Because… the people in front of us did a good job.”

“are you okay. I’m good! Well we’re good!”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin suddenly has a sad look on his face.

“That’s right!”

“that’s right!”

Yes put your energy into it.

I nodded and spoke.

“Let’s work hard.”

“Ugh!”

“Yes Mr. Moon Dae who strongly insisted on this concert~”

“Mr. Moon Dae hired a choreographer just one day after being discharged from the hospital.”

“…”

Even Liu Chengwu?

I need to perform well on stage. I feel like the moment I fail these guys will hang me upside down and pour red ginseng down my mouth.

Of course I have no intention of ruining it.

‘Let’s just do what we prepared.’

I smiled and got up and followed them.

Soon it will be Testa’s turn again.

* * *

“wow!!”

The graduate student sitting in front of the computer was admiring the VTIC stage he had just seen.

There was no disagreement that it was a truly amazing stage!

‘Well I still like the original song performance better… but I can’t help it! ‘Because it’s Testa’s original song!’

She once again felt proud of Testa who had beautifully performed such a famous song as the title song and also applauded VTIC.

‘Korean idols are really cool~’

This was the opinion of someone who had not tasted the abyss of the industry.

Unlike the general public who excitedly praised both of them die-hard fans were holding their heads and talking about whether this might be a good thing.

-Fuck you you little bastards can’t control their spoons but they come to your junior’s concert and become your main tactic.

-It would have been enough for the kids to just be together… The abuse of power is truly disgusting.

-When I came to the donation concert as a guest what was all that? They brought all the dancers… Wow I got blood.

-I need to disconnect from the internet.

VTIC wasn’t much different but as the initial confusion and anger subsided some people became happy.

Because the stage was so overwhelming.

-It would have been better to send entertainment while doing things like this but Victory Ging won so it’s okay.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk I need to work hard to write a sales video**

└While I was thinking of going to Sangun Station one more time I also requested that they provide a VTIC version so that they can come too haha.

-It’s so fun that the kids always get a mysterious win that only they know about. That’s why they try Tika for this taste.

-If you have time to do something like this during the initial release period grab a fan hug ㅠㅠ Oh there’s going to be a dog fight.

At that time the stage of VTIC which made a surprise appearance on social media and communities was coming up.

[Let’s go into VTIC~]

[Please participate a lot!]

VTIC concluded the short talk and entered after a friendly greeting.

While poking at the electronic display board where a new phrase came to mind.

[Next stage]

1. VTIC covered by Testa

2. Is this VTIC covered by Testa?

It was a similar view as before.

However the original text that said ‘Testada covered by VTIC’ had disappeared and its place was filled with a sentence with a mysterious symbol.

-?

-Mime number 2

-Why is there a question mark?

Of course the comments gained momentum again due to the feeling of not being able to understand the meaning.

Their fans who logged in because of VTIC also held off on going out for a while because the name was mentioned again.

-Hey this is number 2 again.

-I wonder why there is a question mark

– If you think something funny will come out quickly type #2.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha so funny

With numerous comments from the audience expressing their enjoyment of the unpredictable viewing votes were cast for the viewing in an instant.

2. Is this VTIC covered by Testa? (179557)

The result was two outright victories.

‘Is this okay?’

‘It doesn’t matter because I feel like the VTIC story will continue to come out.’

Testa’s fans were anxious at the sight itself but they couldn’t make unnecessary noises to the excited audience so they quietly waited for Testa’s next stage.

And as usual the screen suddenly went dark.

Changing the stage like this was the typical start of the stage so far but…

This time instead I heard a sound in the darkness.

-Sangun

Their claws are hella sharp

Readily tear you apart

“…!”

These are the lyrics of Sangun which VTIC performed just before.

-Are you buying Testa too?

-It’s crazy.

-omg

Beyond the embarrassed comments a spotlight came down on the screen stage.

Pot.

What was illuminated… was a table placed on one side of the dark stage. The camera took a quick close-up of it.

On the table was a red retro-style radio with an antenna.

Given the circumstances it was as if the song was coming from a radio.

But suddenly a sturdy hand came up to the table and pressed the button on the radio.

-No you can’t…

The song went off with a crackling noise.

And then the head of the hand’s owner popped up onto the table.

It was Cha Yu-jin with a mischievous face.

[hum hum hum~]

Cha Yu-jin hummed along to Sangun’s melody with an excited expression and even shook her shoulders to the rhythm.

It was obvious that the fans were excited.

However just as the audience relaxed Cha Yu-jin suddenly stopped humming and without warning grabbed the table and did a somersault!

BBA-BAM!

A cheerful brass sound erupted.

To the sound of the brass the stage lights around Cha Yu-jin seemed to explode and sparkled brightly.

And on the stage in front of the audience… it was a teenage party filled with gold purple and red balloons and LED lights.

Testa members are sitting or holding drinks at every sofa and bar table.

A brief silence with no movement as if the tape had stopped and…

BBABAM BAM BBA-BAAAM!

The brass contains chords full of splendid technique.

And Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin of Jeans come running around Cha Yu-jin as if they are seeping into them and form a formation.

The moment they started the choreography by holding on to a dizzying pillar with stickers and banners and spinning around a fast-beat electro swing accompaniment burst out!

[Hey partner

Are you thinking about me?

I’m curious My Owner

[Where our communication will go]

These lyrics are sung cheerfully by Cha Yu-jin with a smile.

It was a song that everyone in the audience knew.

-Nassa

-Night sign!!!

-???? This?

That’s right.

The song Testa selected was “Night Sign” which will remain as VTIC’s immortal hit song.

The title of a monster album that sold 1.8 million copies in the first week.

And it was also a song that was KO’d by being released simultaneously as soon as Testa debuted.

This song boasted a very difficult stage intensity with sexy lyrics and a strong instrumental and performance that contrasted with the languid melody.

However Testa was not called ‘that’.

-Wow I didn’t notice.

-Awesome hahaha

-Was it such an exciting song?

This is because Testa raised the tone to the fullest with an accompaniment full of cheerful electric guitar and drum disco-style electronic sounds.

The lyrics sounded like childish flirting.

[Two hands held together

When mixed and twisted

I remember again

[Night after night]

From the sofa straight from the bar to the table.

Testa moved the formation and naturally handed over the center to a member of the next part.

There was no frontage on the stage without a physical audience. So the performance freely changed its center depending on the angle of the camera.

When filming Park Moon-dae lying on the sofa the camera came down from the ceiling and for Sun Ah-hyun who was sitting at the bar the camera came from the perspective of a bartender.

And the members smiled mischievously and stood on the sofa or bar and joined the center in the big choreography.

[Until the end of this night

remember my eyes

Like a night sign

drag you into a trap]

The colorful luminous mirror ball sparkled and pollen exploded.

The members showed off their energetic choreography to the camera using disco movements using their hands and feet in a crackling rhythm.

It had a definite retro teen vibe from the early 80s.

-Oh I’m so excited haha.

-It’s cuteㅠㅠ

-Hesitating in his seat

From the junior host’s point of view Testa did not choose a head-on confrontation as if he was fighting at all costs.

Instead VTIC which has a lot of experience in the industry chose a direction in which it could no longer show itself more effectively than Testa.

It was the heat and freshness of childhood.

[Whoo~

Whoo whoo whoo

Like a night sign]

The members took turns jumped around and sang until their cheeks turned red. They performed the song neatly and with a sense of respect without being too extreme.

In addition the main vocal part performed by Park Moon-dae aroused strange feelings.

Now even VTIC won’t be able to sing that part like that.

– and treble;

-The song is truly excellent.

-Of course the main vocalist is the one.

That alone slightly dampened the hearts of the audience who were excited about the VTIC stage. This is because my overwhelmed head has cooled down.

Testa carried the stage neatly and excitedly without sacrificing his overflowing energy.

And the difference between numbers 2 and 1 was only revealed at the end.

The moment when the members dressed in colorful clothes formed a final formation on the stage that seemed to be ending as an exciting party.

Suddenly the lights changed to black and white.

Kiiiiig.

And the members stopped moving with their heads down.

On the black and white stage.

The narration rang.

[Welcome welcome

This is the sound that calls you]

It was the refrain of their song ‘Nightmare’ concept ‘Call’.

A gloomy voice.

A huge banner behind the party suddenly came loose and fell revealing a huge text in gothic letters behind it.

[To be continued…?]

Quagwagwagwang!!

With the sound of thunder the members tilted their heads and looked at each other.

Like a trailer for a classic American teen horror movie.

And… the stage ended with the lights disappearing.

[—-.]

Instead when a peaceful progress set with seven chairs naturally took up the road screen.

-????

-Hey if you hang up here.

-Okay I’ll vote haha.

-Show me your calling!!!!

-You have to make a donation to show it?? Call the standard amount

Of course after a moment of confusion comments naturally started asking for a voting window.

Digesting the curiosity to compare into the curiosity to look forward to the next stage.

Testa dared to use VTIC like that and kept the audience’s attention on the screen.

It was a successful plan.

* * *

After a while. A break time with commercials.

We quickly changed our clothes without any time to rest and then started socializing with VTIC.

“and!! “I loved it!”

“…thank you.”

“Look at the dance we can’t dance like that anymore. Everyone please take your joint nutritional supplements quickly. “In this job knees are life.”

“Wow that’s right! “I have a product that I take would you recommend it?”

“…Good.”

These bastards act so… friendly.

I glanced back at Cheongryeo seeing that people I had only seen once on a variety show were giving me personal advice.

“…”

While talking to Kim Rae-bin he looked at this and laughed heartily. Okay I know what kind of guys they picked.

“Oh I just sent you a text message with the product name. Please take a look.”

“Um yeah.”

I suppressed a sigh and took out my smartphone.

The two guys’ eyes lit up.

“Oh~ How can we save our names…”

[VTIC Shinno senior]

[VTIC Senior Chaeyul]

“oh…”

“You classified it very professionally…”

What did you expect?

I roughly mumbled a thank you for the nutritional supplement recommendation and then got out of this swamp of conversation.

“It’s been a while brothers~”

“Oh Sejin!”

I won’t deny that it was convenient to have that guy backing me up.

And shortly before VTIC leaves for its schedule.

Instead of saying goodbye to Cheongnyeo who was still in her stage costume I asked her a question.

No confidence disguised as a question.

“You got what you wanted right?”

“…”

I brought up the status window.
