---
title: "Chapter 244"
category: "book"
index: 243
section: "Chapter 244"
slug: "244"
---

# Chapter 244

A fanfare was erupting from the translucent pop-up that appeared.

[Successful meeting!]

You succeeded in reaching an audience of ‘400000 people’!

!Time limit\: met (success)

!Status abnormality\: ‘Audience or death’ removed!

The status abnormality of having to reach 400000 viewers in just one free online concert has been removed.

It was worth it.

Since the emergence of VTIC the number of votes has reached nearly 300000.

And I personally saw the count go up on the electronic display board. It was like seeing the real-time audience reaction with your own eyes.

‘I knew this would be recognized.’

Additionally you can watch videos on this platform without signing up. People who wasted enough time watching it would have watched it without signing up.

It is said that among VTIC’s overseas fandom there are many who have not subscribed to the platform so the actual viewing figure must have been enormous…

Among them it would have been very difficult to reach 300000 subscribers who would actively participate in real-time performances with Testa alone.

“…”

So the basic plan to attract VTIC was largely successful.

Although the results came out a little different from my prediction.

\: Check the ‘truth’ ☜Click!

The coin option has disappeared.

‘I thought it would be given as the default now.’

This means that the last coin was an irregular choice.

‘…Did you predict the accident and give it to me?’

I have a strange thought.

To be precise the system was aware of the risk that the former manager might commit a foolish act and guarded against it.

‘I think it’s true that the same ‘audience’ status ailment reappeared with only a numerical value.’

Since the value that should have originally been only ‘Truth Confirmation’ came out with the value ‘Coin’ doesn’t it seem like the same status abnormality was performed one more time to get back to its original state?

I recalled the anomaly of the status window where various status abnormalities appeared and crackled and disappeared.

‘Something like an error clearly occurred.’

To interpret this it means that the status window deviated from the path in order to somehow give me the coin even if an error occurred.

‘But why?’

So far I have never found any traces of emotion or intelligence in this system.

But starting with the manipulation of the draw probability what is the big trend that could be interpreted as favor?

“…”

After thinking quickly I came to a conclusion.

‘Do you want me to clear the status abnormality?’

I wonder if this status window was implemented so that I could somehow survive and clear this crazy situation.

Because the guy who didn’t have a status window did it a few times…

“What are you looking at?”

“…!!”

When I raised my head Cheongnyeo was looking at me closely.

I answered reflexively.

“I thought about it for a moment.”

“is it so?”

He responded casually and then turned his eyes to look in the direction of the sky where I had briefly looked.

So… the place where the status window is.

‘Fuck you.’

I inadvertently sent the pop-up back.

However as if it couldn’t be seen the guy was smiling without much agitation.

He just read my gaze.

‘I glanced at it did you read it?’

He was a man with an extraordinary sense of humor as he had lived many times before.

‘…I asked if you got what you wanted.’

I gave up unnecessary tension and gave a standard answer.

“I think it worked out well. “It’s a performance.”

“is it so. “That’s good.”

Cheongryeo nodded as if he understood the implied meaning.

And held out his hand.

“I had fun today.”

“…I am.”

That means you are confident.

I held out my hand and shook his hand. The gloves were cold.

“I hope you do your best for the remaining performances as well~”

“go for it.”

The VTIC guys smiled and joined in the handshake. He seems to think that his friendship has deepened through this opportunity.

And it seems like some of our guys have similar thoughts.

For example Kim Rae-bin who discovered the Gearco arrangement program.

“I hope you seniors have a comfortable journey home! Thank you so much for your guidance!”

“Oh my you said we told you something~”

“Even though I’m going abroad thank you. “I’ll go in safely!”

“yes! Thank you~”

“thank you!”

It ended on a warm note with several handshakes.

Well it wasn’t a fight and it doesn’t end well for people in the same industry who don’t know when they will see each other again.

If there is a problem it is only between us and the fandom is another problem.

‘The Internet… is going to be crazy.’

First of all both of them made sure to break even. One side will not be able to win unilaterally.

So even in the worst case scenario it would be nice if it just ended with the two having a fight at a charity event.

“Sejin the electronic display says there are 4 minutes left to vote.”

“I’m going!”

Bae Se-jin who is in charge of guiding the next vote runs down the hallway. Now that VTIC which was like a thorn in their eyes has disappeared their actions have become more aggressive.

I was roughly anticipating the reaction to the performance and when I saw that I just shrugged my shoulders.

‘Let’s do well on the remaining stages.’

The next stage was where you had to spit fake blood out of your mouth. Let’s take care of quality first.

And it soon turned out that this decision was a good one.

* * *

Testa’s donation concert ended with a great success.

[Total donation amount for this concert]

[!! ₩252 096 000 !!]

[Thank you for your enthusiastic participation and warm affection.]

The amount of real-time participation donations exceeded 140 million and the highest number of concurrent users in real-time exceeded 1.12 million.

The platform wiped away a cold sweat saying that the investment in temporary server expansion was not in vain.

Public reaction was also very favorable.

-oh my god

-It was a lot of fun really haha.

-I donated 10000 won and it feels really good. I feel like I saw a good performance and did something goodㅠㅠ

-I wish we could do this more often.

-Testa the kids were really good. Do they have any in-hearts? I want to follow you ㅠ

Everyone who saw it was happy and they were even more excited to hear that the stages would be uploaded one by one on WeTube.

Selling full videos as VOD on the platform was also possible without much resistance. Because you can watch individual performances for free.

-Yeah I have to do that to make a living.

-Testa had a hard time~

-V-Tik was really cool. Support the friendship between the two groups! *^^*

The purchase rate was also good because fans wanted to see all the interesting details included in the entire video.

Moreover one more news appeared on social media.

[Testar donates as much as the audience donates! (picture)]

[All funds raised will be safely delivered together in the name of ‘As You Like’.]

Testa added an additional amount equal to the amount donated by the audience.

In the photo Testa who had just finished a performance was smiling with a sweaty face holding a money board that looked like it had been hastily scrawled with a mark.

It was a clean blameless ending that could be used to quell comments such as ‘Why are you getting a deduction for the audience’s money?’

No in fact the additional donation was a bit too ‘nice’ an act to the point where it seemed unnecessary.

But there was a reason for this decision.

This is because in communities with a deep interest in idols there was already a lot of talk about VTIC and Testa.

At first it was a compliment to the stage.

VTIC made a surprise appearance without warning and showed such an overwhelming performance that it almost monopolized popular posts and dominated the Internet.

[9-year idol cover level]

[Idols who truly showed the dignity of the first team]

[VTIC – Coming]

Numerous comments were made reaching nuances of direct comparison such as ‘It’s better than the original Testa’ or ‘But Testa is still better’.

But then the testa came out and the atmosphere changed slightly.

-Wow testa is good

-I like this feeling haha.

-Both of them are really good. The planning is also good.

-Mebo… Ha… This is what it tastes like ㅠㅠ

Testa performed VTIC’s songs in a fresh way while eliminating the nuance of head-to-head competition and giving more of a ‘connected set list’ feel.

Thanks to this the atmosphere that was about to burn with comparison died down a bit but instead fans who were offended and aggro people trying to take advantage of it suddenly popped up.

-Is it just me? It seems like they were aiming for something like Testa to turn off the V-Tick song playing on an old-fashioned radio…

└It would be petty not to mention that I sang along to that song haha. Anyone can see that it was respect.

└It’s an 80’s concept so the clothes the kids wear are old-fashioned. What are you talking about?

└Fans why are you silencing me like this? I said I felt that way.

└Uh I felt like you were being aggressive.

-Honestly if you look at the scale of the stage V-Tik was bigger but it felt uncomfortable because it felt like they were trying to outwit me too much.

└People who would have said it was insincere and uncomfortable if they had just done it.

└I’m sorry. Our kids performed so well on stage that the Testa fans must have been very offended.

└From now on I will tell my juniors at the fansign to refrain from showing off their skills so as not to embarrass them!

└Wow it’s a bloody mess haha.

└Please stop. Everything was fine. Why are you doing this? Please…

This is because behind the scenes there were all kinds of excessive interpretations and ridiculous speculations about Testa’s intentions and VTIC’s intentions.

The atmosphere of wanting to somehow bring about a fight between two large fandoms and the atmosphere of trying to calm it down were in tension.

The two fandoms who were already conscious of each other could not help but find the other extremely annoying even though they liked the stage.

“Oh that’s so annoying!!”

Here too a college student was furious after fighting with a VTIC fan in the comments section of an article.

He was a fan of Kim Rae-bin who admitted that he put Park Moon-dae in second place.

– I was the one who invited him as a guest even though I couldn’t handle it so I didn’t accept it… ㅠㅠ

└Eng I guess the person who came as a guest suffered a loss for no reason even though they had all the dancers they were a bit behind.

└No eyes? Anyone can see that the guest side is good;

“It’s all obvious you bastard.”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan gritted his teeth and commented ‘Why are Tika bastards so obscene?’

└Because the guest is about to jump out aggro is inevitable. It’s amazing that they naturally made that part of the performance.

But at the same time I felt that I was commenting on this ‘skill’ aspect.

‘This changed the atmosphere a bit.’

In fact Testa’s recent image was closer to that of an ‘unfortunate victim.’ The image of being active was one that would be commented on as ‘magnificent’ rather than ‘cool’.

The story of that accident was bigger than Testa’s status as an idol.

And it was the same with VTIC.

The memo that appeared on the social media page and the image of the poor remaining members or the group in a suspicious downward trend were attached.

However all the images gained through social aspects were blown away by this topic.

Instead both groups heated up with their main business.

Everyone interested in these groups had an opinion about ‘who did better’.

It has become hot in an idol-like sense.

All of these conflicts were typical of extremely popular first-tier idols.

‘That’s kind of fun but… ’

└ㅋㅋㅋ Love viewer too much~

“You bastard!!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan immediately canceled his comment and added a comment underneath it.

‘Oh was it Tika? The fan base is still the same. Aren’t you embarrassed?’

And I felt it.

‘If you get one thing wrong you’ll get a real fight.’

Right now the two fandoms are going to be extremely annoying to each other.

Kim Rae-bin’s fans had a hunch that someone somewhere would be trying hard to dig up dirty rumors about the other group.

‘Oh my bone is going to hurt!’

The moment she clicks her tongue.

Diriling!

[Hello I am Mundae…]

“…!?”

A notification appeared on SNS. This is Testa’s account.

“Hey Park Mun-dae!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan abandoned the keyboard battle and immediately clicked on the notification.

———————==

Hello I am Mundae (emoticon)

It was a fun concert. There are a lot of great photos so I’ll share some of the ones I took.

Thank you to the lovers and all the audience who watched.

♡

———————==

The photos attached below the article are… VTIC.

“hey!!”

she screamed.

‘If I do this I feel like I’m losing! Wait until VTIC uploads it first… ’

And immediately calmed down. In the next article Park Moon-dae also released photos of Testa themselves all at once.

“Kim Rae-bin is handsome.”

She saved a photo of Kim Rae-bin winking clumsily while wearing bandages for the &lt;The Calling&gt; stage.

‘Um okay. Rather VTIC will become more magnanimous and petty than their juniors.’

She looked through the photos of VTIC with utmost calmness.

‘Ah Park Moon-dae you took really good pictures of them to my annoyance!’

In particular Cheongryeo’s solo photo seemed to be better than some of the home horses!

Of course thanks to this I was able to avoid giving VTIC’s fans the accusation that ‘I think I uploaded a bad photo on purpose.’

‘I’ll upload some more selfies.’

Even though she grumbled for no reason she was looking forward to saving photos that had been retouched by various fans.

And something similar was happening to many fans.

It was no longer an era where the proposition “I like my idol so I like it too” was accepted but it had the effect of brightening the mood.

This is because the opinions of people who shout ‘Hey don’t skip a great event and a great stage!’ can now be given power and emotion.

Even behind the scenes there was a reluctant acknowledgment.

-What does Gommer know?

-I feel secure when Eumseupdaeng is on my side.

-Photo ㄱㅅㄱㅅ

The Internet went into a truce for a while because it was busy eating rice cakes.

In addition a notice was posted on the official Testa account.

This is the highlight of this performance. About ‘abandoned options’.

[We prepared this for those of you who are curious about Testa’s other options.]

[Last Wednesday of September 11 p.m. Stay tuned to CVN!]

Although the specific details were not revealed it was clear that it was also used as a promotion for Testa’s new program!

“…You’re good at your job.”

The agency was incompetent as fuck so things can’t go well like this if they lie down and leave the group to take care of itself.

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan was rarely left speechless and alternately looked at the photos taken by Rice Cake and Park Moon-dae.

However the person who planned all of this was not as relaxed and focused on monitoring as usual.

“Because you have to make a choice.”

“…Of course.”

“Is it a lawsuit or the next move?”

Instead he was engaged in a heated discussion with the leader about his next move.
