---
title: "Chapter 245"
category: "book"
index: 244
section: "Chapter 245"
slug: "245"
---

# Chapter 245

It’s been a while since I had a chance to talk to Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘Is this the first time since I woke up?’

No. Before I woke up I was maintaining an appropriate distance thanks to that damn bastard confirming the truth. I guess it could take a little longer.

‘…It looks like I need to confirm the truth again.’

I thought about the pop-up briefly and then erased it from my mind. There is still time.

Anyway… After it woke up it looked like it was in a bad state so I left it alone on purpose. From experience if you scratch at a time like this you get angry.

So it means that I didn’t know that Ryu Cheong-woo would be the first to prepare an event like this as soon as the concert was over.

“Would you like me to give you something non-alcoholic?”

“…Um yeah.”

I accepted the non-alcoholic canned beer he handed me.

Click. Gulp.

The sound of opening the can and the tingling feeling of the drink down my throat were refreshing.

“…You drink well.”

“It’s a bit like that.”

It’s not that I want to drink like crazy but I can’t say that I don’t think about alcohol from time to time.

I don’t know if Ryu Cheong-woo was trying to accommodate or out of courtesy but he also bought a non-alcoholic beer.

The conversation started in a fairly gentle atmosphere and it was not difficult to get to the point.

“Have you ever thought about filing a lawsuit?”

Okay now that the suddenly scheduled concert is over it’s time for this topic to come back. I answered honestly.

“I’ve thought about it but honestly I think it will be burdensome for more than half a year now. Because the momentum will be lost.”

“That also makes sense.”

Liu Chengyu drank beer quietly.

“The value of a year now… and a year 10 years from now will be different.”

That’s right.

This is a concern for those in occupations whose uncertain heyday ends briefly at a young age.

-Is this job worth throwing away a year of your prime?

This value judgment may be more familiar to Liu Chengwu because he was originally an athlete.

The guy smiled bitterly.

“It looks like Sejin hasn’t given up yet. I was looking into something a lot. “I also met a lawyer.”

“…a lawyer.”

“okay. “It’s like consulting via text.”

When did you find the time to do that while practicing so hard?

I was amazed and at the same time a bit bitter.

He must have wanted to prepare for a lawsuit not a concert but he must have been frustrated because he changed his mind and suddenly held a donation concert to save his life.

It looks like the guy who died and woke up has endured a lot because of his wish.

“…”

Liu Chengwu and I just drank beer in silence. And I opened my mouth first.

“First of all… shall we call Sejin?”

“okay.”

The story will only progress if there are opinions actively in favor of the lawsuit.

I messaged Bae Se-jin.

[Brother Cheongwoo can you come to my room? We are talking]

1 disappears and without a reply a rushing sound is heard from there followed by a cautious knock.

“…”

This guy is very easy to understand.

“Please come in.”

“Uh oh!”

I opened the door for him and the situation changed to a three-way face-to-face.

“We were talking about a lawsuit.”

“…! That’s right.”

“yes. “My brother still wants to file a lawsuit against the company.”

“…yes.”

There was tension on Bae Se-jin’s face but his answer was quite calm. No more yelling because your face is red…

“Despite the recommendation from the Human Rights Commission they just cut corners and the head of the headquarters did not change…! If things continue like this it won’t be long before things return to their original state!”

“…”

“Now I’m just waiting for it to quiet down!!”

no. You’re already pissed off enough.

Well… the company is currently lowering itself and trying to protect themselves but Bae Se-jin was also right. The head of the department didn’t change either.

But actually it’s better not to change.

“Brother I think it would be more convenient for the general manager to remain.”

“what?? why!”

I said calmly.

“Because you must have been scared.”

“…??”

“Maybe they won’t be able to do anything and they’ll just look at us. “The incident has become so big that we can’t help but do that.”

In short it means that the hierarchy has changed.

A singer almost died due to the company’s mistake but the moment those singers have grounds to sue it’s over.

It’s probably been ruined to the head office so we’ll have to work hard to preserve our position.

I lightly crushed the beer can for recycling.

“So even if this company feels like a bit of a piece of trash it means that our future will be much more comfortable.”

“Even trash…”

“Well I’ll change it to say it’s immoral.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin became speechless for a moment. I don’t know if I’m speechless or stunned.

However he soon answered in a depressed voice.

“Yeah… if everyone thinks so.”

If this happens will the situation of Bae Se-jin having to give up after being pushed out of the majority vote be repeated like the last time the lawsuit was postponed in the hospital room?

Bae Se-jin seemed to hesitate for a moment but then continued speaking.

“Actually I kind of thought that way. “If we file a lawsuit over this and win it will set a good precedent…”

“…”

Have you thought about it that far?

“But that’s right. “If I have time to think about such things I should do my part properly on the team.”

Bae Se-jin lowered his head.

“I’m giving up the lawsuit.”

“no…”

I didn’t mean to put pressure on you like this.

I just tried to persuade them in a positive way or try to get it over with in the shortest possible time even if it meant filing a lawsuit.

I thought about my words for a moment. However Liu Chengyu opened his mouth gently first.

“Not everyone thinks that way Sejin.”

“uh?”

“I’m okay with the lawsuit?”

“…!”

what?

Bae Se-jin raised his head.

“…Really??”

“huh.”

Didn’t you you idiot agree with what I said earlier about lawsuits being burdensome?

…for a moment.

I recalled the sentence that Ryu Cheong-woo responded to.

-That also makes sense.

…’That too’.

I endured the silence. This guy was neutral.

‘Come to think of it it was like that in the hospital room too.’

Liu Chengyu continued speaking in a calm tone.

“And Sejin I think you’re doing a good job as the eldest member of the team.”

“…”

This… should I add a little more to it?

“I think so too. “The lawsuit is just because I’m not sure so don’t worry.”

“you guys…”

Bae Se-jin seemed moved for a moment but soon came to his senses and cleared his throat.

“Hmm then… should we all ask the other kids too? “I wonder if you haven’t changed your mind!”

“yes. “Of course.”

“good.”

And after a while.

“A lawsuit? Uh… didn’t you decide not to do it? haha.”

“If I file a lawsuit will my next album be postponed indefinitely…?”

“I want to do activities! “I like the activity!”

“…”

It was KO.

Even Cha Yu-jin who was in favor turned around because she enjoyed the concert.

Bae Se-jin sat on the floor with a lonely face and began to ponder his defeat. That’s a bit pitiful.

Sun Ah-hyun who remained neutral was restless but soon raised one hand and spoke cautiously.

“Um… will I get a break if I file a lawsuit…?”

“That’s right Ahyeon.”

Liu Chengwu answered on his behalf. Then Seon Ah-hyeon noticed and answered quietly.

“Well as long as it’s not too long… I like it.”

“…!!”

What does this mean?

I asked right away.

“Seon Ah-hyun did you want to rest?”

“eww? Ugh…”

Sun Ah-hyun avoided eye contact. This guy…?

“Wait a minute wait a minute Ahyeon are you saying that you want to take a break and file a lawsuit?”

“Ugh the concert went well and the bar response was good. “I thought it would be good to take some rest… and take care of my body…!”

Big Sejin quickly caught up with the horse.

“Okay then you can rest~ Before preparing the new album let’s skip the schedule for a couple of weeks and go get some treatment somewhere!”

“Oh~”

“What is nursing?”

“Eat delicious food and have fun~”

“great!”

Approval votes pour in. Bae Se-jin is seen trying to glare at Keun Se-jin but holding back. Even if Sun Ah-hyun agreed to the lawsuit she would not have won the majority vote anyway.

Is the problem me?

After thinking briefly I took a sip of a new can of beer and answered.

“The treatment is good.”

“oh!”

“Really…?”

“okay.”

Anyway the big trouble is over.

There is still a grace period until you press confirm the truth so you can take your time in the meantime.

Because it was a big accident.

‘…I made some things too much.’

Not to me but to these guys.

As soon as I was discharged from the hospital I pushed for a donation concert plan and a plan to have the most popular senior in the event as a guest.

‘I was desperate but these guys were just giving in to me.’

Still the logic I made during persuasion worked effectively.

I briefly recalled the conversation.

-I think it needs to be topical.

-Topical?

-yes. Not because of an accident or a mess at the company but in the way idols are originally consumed. And it will only get hotter if it is accompanied by conflict.

-hmm.

This means that it is rare for that method to work as well as rival positioning.

And at first glance this seems to have motivated the members. That was fortunate. Because the results were good.

‘Follow-up measures went well after the concert.’

Since donations and photos have been widely used public opinion will be good for a while.

VTIC seems to have made some gains as well so I’m nervous but it seems like the composition of champions and challengers has been established in a way that is acceptable to the public and the parties involved.

‘Anyway I just created a composition that would naturally be captured as Testa grows larger.’

I’ve gotten everything I could from this concert so now if I have a conscience I should make some concessions.

Even if we can’t file a lawsuit let’s stop thinking about disturbing him when he says he wants to rest.

‘After looking at the lawsuit… I think Bae Se-jin can achieve the desired effect.’

I slowly turned my brain around. Liu Chengwu across from him grinned.

“I like it too. I need to take some time to recover. “What about Sejin?”

“…That’s okay.”

“Okay everyone agrees.”

The atmosphere became peaceful. Big Sejin snatched the beer in front of me and opened one. Let’s be patient.

“Ah since it’s Chuseok soon shall we get together and get some rest before I go home?”

“I like it…!”

Among the guys talking excitedly about where to go Kim Rae-bin’s hand sneaked up.

“Why Ravin?”

“Oh it’s none other than… So are you telling the company that you will stop all schedules and preparations for the next activity?”

That was okay.

“Anyway our schedule will be almost non-existent for a while. “I understand you’re just filming a few videos to show your fans.”

“okay! Then just cancel the video that the fans will see… hmmm.”

Yes if you do it that way the meaning of the sentence becomes more mysterious.

Fortunately a plausible opinion emerged.

“Then shall we show you how we are taking a break? Make it a little easier~ I asked you to install an unmanned camera!”

“…I don’t know if you’d want to see that.”

“Well it might be a bit boring but… what do you think? “Healing travel entertainment is like that so I guess it’ll be okay since we’ve also put together a donation concert right?”

That was correct. Not bad for content for a break.

Similar opinions of approval emerged here and there.

However I need to change the theme a bit. I emptied the can and opened my mouth.

“But don’t the concepts of travel overlap a bit? “We also traveled in reality.”

“Oh that’s right.”

“That’s an excellent point.”

Idol working holiday. Everyone has a mysterious look on their faces as they reminisce about making and selling hotteok.

I crossed my arms.

‘Other than that isn’t there any other representative healing entertainment? ‘I guess it suits Yoyang.’

Aside from traveling something to eat raw… Oh that.

Chicken feet.

“How about making a mukbang theme?”

“Mukbang?”

Isn’t it proven content? I remembered the time of Azusa.

And I wasn’t the only one who thought of that. Big Sejin burst into laughter.

“As expected it’s Tibetan chicken feet~ Ah Tibet? That’s right let’s mix animals there too! “Are there any other keywords??”

“Now natural scenery…?”

“…that’s good.”

It is said that a variety of healing keywords were combined in a haphazard manner to create a hastily prepared entertainment show.

〈Testa recuperating in the countryside〉

…And up to this point I had no idea how far this improvised entertainment would go.
