---
title: "Chapter 246"
category: "book"
index: 245
section: "Chapter 246"
slug: "246"
---

# Chapter 246

The entertainment production went more smoothly than expected.

I was planning to install only a moderately unmanned camera and release it as an episode on WeTube but the head office contacted me right away to see if they had heard the story.

-I heard there’s an opening at CVN. How about going there?

After doing some research it seemed like a certain drama had been on hiatus for about two weeks due to a problem with the cast. The idea is to put it in its place.

Of course this is not a general suggestion.

“You seem more authoritative than I thought.”

“I see~ You’re paying attention!”

The judgment of the other guys was similar.

Anyone can see that this is a strategy of bending over backwards to restore a smooth relationship with Testa.

However Bae Se-jin was not pleased saying it seemed like a bait-and-switch appeasement measure.

“It’s like eating this and wiping your mouth. “Not as a singer but as a variety show…!”

That may be true but I couldn’t strongly assert that opinion.

“Of course… I decided not to file a lawsuit so it doesn’t matter if I take it.”

Because it was decided not to file a lawsuit.

“Oh brother. “I mean that.”

“uh?”

“I would like to collect and organize the data we have collected for the purpose of litigation. Would that be okay?”

“That uh! It doesn’t matter but… why?”

“There’s something I want to check.”

“…?”

Bae Se-jin looked puzzled but obediently handed over the data.

And I was a little surprised.

‘…I looked up all the precedents.’

From the situation with the former manager to legal advice. It was clear that the data had been collected more realistically and meticulously than expected.

If I added the call and text messages I had recorded it could have been a really worthy lawsuit material.

I admitted it.

‘That’s amazing.’

If Bae Se-jin had been given a chance he might have actually won.

It would take at least a year and even if we won it would be a problem because there would be no agency or mainstream broadcasting company that would accept us due to the industry atmosphere.

If as Bae Se-jin said winning cases like this pile up the atmosphere will change.

“How about it?”

I gave an honest answer. This proof of effort and focus was well deserved.

“Actually I’m thinking that it could have the same effect as a lawsuit in a different direction.”

“…! “Is that possible?”

“I’m not sure because I’m also worried… but the material you prepared is really good. “Once I get my thoughts together I’d like to get some advice from you. Would that be okay?”

“Of course it’s okay!”

Bae Se-jin seemed a little embarrassed after speaking but he seemed to feel somewhat better anyway.

‘…I guess I’ll have to do some more organizing.’

I put it on my smartphone for now.

So we skipped over the lawsuit-related story and accepted the head office’s proposal anyway. TV programming is good.

And the fact that professional entertainment talent has rapidly increased and the scale has ballooned… I’m not sure if it’s just a positive thing.

This is what came out of the first meeting which was immediately organized.

“We’ve invited an island!”

“…yes?”

“Hey there are Testa fans everywhere in the country~ If you’re a little extreme you might follow me!”

The production crew smiled and displayed the data on the screen.

“So there was an island that was used in a completely different entertainment show and we captured the whole place.”

I heard that it’s a private island owned by a rich man and he’s built a pretty nice villa on it.

In addition since an escape entertainment show was held earlier this year it is said that the place has quite a variety of broadcasting-related facilities.

I also heard that thanks to this I was able to save a lot of time.

“It’s just right right? “It will be suitable for pictures of testers enjoying themselves comfortably in a natural environment.”

The members were a bit embarrassed by the production team who were proud that they were able to solve the problem within the production budget.

‘I wonder if this can create a relaxing atmosphere.’

The scale has become so large that I feel like I will have to work on it individually.

But the production team was adamant.

“Have fun! Have fun!”

“Oh is that still okay?”

“Of course~ In healing entertainment the amount of story broadcast is handled by editing!”

It was a very self-directed production team.

“Tell me everything you want to do! yacht? massage? Yoga?”

“Eat snow crab!!”

“It’s usually good!”

And Cha Yu-jin was the first to move on and before we knew it it became a place where each person could criticize what they wanted to do.

They even showed up to campfire swimming meditation and hiking and eventually questions came back to me as well.

“What about Mr. Moon Dae?”

“I… I don’t know. “I’m thinking of trying cooking.”

It’s suitable as a popular content and it’s not that bad in reality so it’s worth watching.

However from the production team’s perspective it seems like they naturally planned to include cooking as a basic feature.

“Because you’ll do that naturally~ Is there anything else you’d like to do during your break?”

Cha Yu-jin intervened.

“Mundae hyung take good pictures! “It’s the best!”

“Oh then it would be nice to go around the island and take pictures together!”

Your activity level is increasing dramatically.

I gave up planning for maximum indoor living. Because it seemed like it would work properly.

And after many twists and turns the first day of filming arrived.

“…?”

“Is this really the end?”

The production crew placed us in a nice villa with unmanned cameras installed everywhere.

Literally without any direction or touch.

“Uh… um isn’t there a game or something?”

“I thought you would at least give me a mission…”

There wasn’t.

Seven people just stayed in a large three-story villa on an island with a spectacular view of the beach and wildflower paths.

“…”

“…”

The guys who were quietly sitting in the living room soon understood the situation.

“It really means we should do whatever we want.”

“Wow this is your first time doing something like this?”

And soon as was his duty he started walking around the villa excitedly.

“Wow this room is nice!”

“The standard room is 2 people per room… Ah this looks like a room where 3 people can sleep together!”

“It’s really big!”

“…Mundae what are you doing?”

“Check the water pressure.”

The villa building was nice. I don’t know how they built and maintained it on this remote island but it was fully equipped with gas and water pipes.

‘Is there a water tank on the roof?’

Anyway except for the fact that since it was a broadcast one room per person was not guaranteed it was truly an environment suitable for nursing.

[Welcome food for testers *^^*]

The kitchen even had a flower necklace and a snack basket with these cards on it.

When I opened the refrigerator it was fully stocked with ingredients.

‘It’s amazing though.’

To be honest the video didn’t seem interesting at all. I quietly closed the refrigerator containing the large chicken meat for samgyetang.

“I want to eat black chicken! Let’s cook and eat together!”

“okay.”

“Yeeeees!”

Cha Yu-jin was the most excited.

Anyway after looking around the house people who were curious about the outside of the villa started snooping around outside.

“Is that… a stable?”

“I think that’s right.”

“Mundaemundae look at that! That escape entertainment! I guess it’s the set frame used there~”

“It’s fascinating.”

I don’t know if the container had not yet been removed or if the owner had asked him to leave it alone but the wall with the broadcasting logo still remained.

Well if you don’t have anything to do on the third day I think it would be okay to go in and have a look around. Since it’s the same broadcasting company it will be promoted and people will like it.

‘Honestly I think it would be amazing if I could last just three days.’

Is there anything else to do here other than eating three meals a day? After exploring the island for a day or two you will run out of things to do…

“brother. that?”

“Oh I thought it would be nice to go hiking.”

“…”

That… I guess I’ll have to avoid it by being in charge of cooking.

I took my gaze off the seven pairs of hiking shoes that Ryu Cheng-wu had brought remembering the persuasive logic that such mountain paths were dangerous in places that were not properly paved.

“There’s a chick in the pen barn…!”

“Wow it’s so cute?”

After that it was roughly like an expedition.

The barn next to the first villa we visited was filled with chickens and chicks. Looking at its appearance it seemed like it was built this time.

They were the ones who rolled their eyes when they saw the chick and screamed that it was cute and their roles were roughly guessed.

‘It looks like they left it there to frost the eggs.’

Isn’t this the rule for entertainment like this?

We then looked around the beach took a walk along a nearby road filled with wild flowers and had a quick meal.

The easiest menu item is kimchi stew.

“The rice was already prepared. “There’s also canned ham.”

“…the stew is delicious.”

“Well shall we get some eggs from the chicken coop?”

At this point I started to feel it.

‘It’s no different from real country nursing.’

To be honest I almost forgot the camera existed. Even when I went out for a walk a camera followed me not a person but a drone.

I wondered if this was done to create a natural-looking picture but I concluded that the content would not be much.

However by the time I felt moderately hungry after lunch.

Ding-dong!

Suddenly the doorbell rang.

“Oh~”

“Is it finally a mission?”

It wasn’t.

“hello! “Are you the ones who signed up for today’s meditation class?”

“omg!”

“yes yes…!”

The things I asked for at the meeting actually started pouring into my mouth.

From meditation classes to aroma massages.

Experts and equipment arrived in front of the villa every time.

“Please lie face down on the sunbed~”

“yes!”

“Uh huh huh.”

At this time I think it would have been a bit funny for Bae Se-jin to make sounds like she was dying while receiving a massage.

In any case the true realization of ‘Do whatever you want to do as a tester’.

I wonder if I’m tired of watching other people being favored on TV again but I feel reassured to some extent because I think it will provide vicarious satisfaction.

Besides we had to do the housework ourselves at least to keep the line.

This was worth it. No matter what it’s not good to see pictures of people just playing around and running away.

Since there were 7 people it ended quickly so it wasn’t too much of a bother. Even people who don’t have the energy to make a living are trying hard so it won’t look bad.

“I’m good at cooking!”

“No you can’t cook and you’re good at carrying things so I’d rather do the laundry…”

“Raebin Kim can’t cook.”

“no! I have been recognized in the past few cooking videos…”

I don’t know if this will be used as content but even if something comes out there won’t be rumors of discord every time.

Three sweet days passed by in an instant.

“Huam.”

“In your heart~ Papang Papang…”

When the guys slowly let loose they started doing things they would normally do when there were no cameras such as oversleeping or running around the house singing.

The production team was contacted.

I guess this was a broadcast picture in mind but it came as a text message rather than a phone call.

“uh? “Are you the PD?”

“huh.”

The text message sent to Ryu Cheong-woo’s smartphone was as follows.

[It is said that the weather environment is worsening. Please pay attention to safety especially during indoor activities!]

Big Sejin who read it out loud shrugged his shoulders.

“Oh that could be true. “Because it was sunny for three days.”

“I know. Should we reinforce the barn?”

I looked it up and it said it was rainy and windy with strong winds so we spent the morning doing the pastime of reinforcing the barn.

And that night.

Kwakwakwagwagwagwang!!!

“Wow!”

“It’s really loud.”

In reality the guys who were holding out their tongues due to the rainstorm accompanied by thunder and lightning spent their time quietly playing board games indoors.

But the next day.

Quagwagwang!! Quagwagwagwang!!

“…”

“…are you still coming?”

The rain and strong winds did not stop. Rather it got stronger.

“Look at Mundaemundae.”

When I looked out the window I saw waves crashing like crazy on the beach.

If the villa had been built a little further in front it would likely have filled with water.

[Everyone it is currently impossible to launch a boat or walk from the island so please wait a moment. We will take action soon.]

The smile was missing from the PD’s text message.

“Mmm.”

“I originally said it would be clear today but I guess the weather forecast was wrong. “Oh my.”

And looking at the revised weather forecast attachment it looked like it would be like this until at least the day after tomorrow.

‘It’s ruined.’

I can already see the future of this broadcast. I’m going to end up being lazy as I’m trying to save a lot of the photos I took when the sun was shining.

Of course other concerns besides broadcasting also emerged.

“I guess we should all feed the chickens…”

Cha Yu-jin asked a question about Sun Ah-hyun’s words.

“Is our food okay??”

“…!!”

“for a moment.”

I calculated it right away.

The original deadline for supplying fresh ingredients was today.

In other words the supply is slowly running out.

“I have instant rice and canned food. “I’m not that hungry.”

“Boo.”

Cha Yu-jin drooped.

‘No not just food.’

Because the camera’s recording capacity needs to be replaced occasional visits from staff have also stopped. Overall it’s as if everything has come to an all stop.

I came to a conclusion.

“…I guess we’ll just have to stay like this for the next two days by ourselves.”

“…”

“oh…”

Among the people who were speechless Raebin Kim swallowed his saliva and spoke.

“Then… aren’t we actually shipwrecked on an uninhabited island?”

“…!”

Unimaginable content has arrived.
