---
title: "Chapter 247"
category: "book"
index: 246
section: "Chapter 247"
slug: "247"
---

# Chapter 247

Day 1 of shipwreck on an uninhabited island.

Quagwagwang!!

Outside the villa the rain and wind are still blowing like crazy.

‘It’s a good thing that the guy who built this is so focused on his own safety.’

Still I was glad that the villa was fine.

I lay down in the living room holding back a sigh.

Cha Yu-jin lies down next to her in the same manner.

[It’s good to think of it this way. It’s a zombie apocalypse outside! That’s why we stay in this comfortable shelter by ourselves.]

“okay. “It is very comforting.”

“Hee hee!”

Don’t laugh you idiot.

I laughed out loud but my mind was still a bit complicated.

‘What about filming?’

If a few days pass by like this I think I’m really screwed…

[Brother we can’t film right now anyway. Relax and have a good time.]

“…!”

[There is no need to worry about things that humans cannot do.]

…You speak very definitively.

I was silent for a moment then looked outside at the pouring rain and admitted.

‘What can I do about the weather?’

It was a make-shift program anyway so it wouldn’t be a big deal if they ruined a variety show. Just do the next thing well.

“okay. “You are right.”

“that’s right!”

I lay in the living room watching the rain and passed the time until meal time without thinking about anything.

And lunch time.

With all seven of us eating the same preserved food it really felt like we were in some kind of disaster movie.

“Um shall we go to the barn and see if there are any eggs?”

“Sejin you are being swept away.”

“yes.”

After two uninspiring meals time flies.

Moreover smartphone data service which was already slow began to stutter even more.

‘I feel really isolated… ’

Thanks to you there really is nothing to do.

Since I was in charge of preparing today’s meal I was exempt from cleaning up afterward so I sat in the living room where I had the best view of the weather and got lost in thought.

I’m out of board games to play and I can’t go out and get food…

Jiyiing. Tuk.

“…!!”

at that time.

Suddenly the surroundings became dark.

“Huh??”

“Is everyone okay?”

There was a power outage.

Because it is an uninhabited island there are no other sources of light outside at night. Completely pitch black.

I immediately raised my upper body.

At that moment someone grabbed my shoulder.

“…!”

“brother!”

“okay.”

…It’s Cha Yu-jin. I was bringing laundry into the living room.

After checking the voices I recognized the voices of the other guys.

“Guys let’s first stop moving and adapt to the dark.”

This is Liu Chengwu.

“yes yes…!”

“Wow if I had been 5 seconds faster I would have stopped while washing the dishes.”

This is a big deal with Sun Ah-hyun.

Cha Yu-jin is next to him and Kim Rae-bin is on the sofa.

What’s left…

‘What about Bae Se-jin?’

At that moment I heard the sound of someone falling from below and the sound of someone suppressing a scream.

Ugh!

“…!”

“brother!”

Fortunately the voice I heard again was fine.

“…are you okay!”

However I was a little trembling. I shouted in the direction from which the sound was heard.

“What’s going on?”

“I saw this strange thing… No don’t come! “I’ll go.”

“no. “Please stay.”

You really shouldn’t move.

I turned on the flashlight function on the smartphone in my hand and got up.

“Let’s go together!”

It’s okay to go together but don’t strangle others.

I put on Cha Yu-jin and moved quickly joining the other guys who saw the light and ran.

“Sejin are you there?”

Bae Se-jin was lying on the floor in an awkward position. When the smartphone flashlight light comes on the color becomes bright so I guess I was scared of the darkness.

“Are your legs okay?”

“…are you okay. “No problem.”

Bae Se-jin held Ryu Cheong-woo’s hand as he said and got up from his seat without any problems but he looked a little nervous.

“Hey… I think I pushed something when I fell.”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“Something like that… came out.”

I immediately moved the smartphone light in the direction the guy was pointing.

Cabinet half-pushed.

And behind it… the door?

What was revealed by the light was a dark-colored fire door.

“omg ”

“what’s this.”

I think the reason Bae Se-jin was able to find it was because there was a subtle luminous glow on the floor. It looks like they used luminous paint or something.

“Wow is this some kind of secret room?”

“I think you’re using it for evacuation!”

“That sounds plausible.”

The guys who were wandering around soon made the very common sense decision that ‘It’s private property so it’s best not to go into it carelessly.’

‘…It seems to lead underground.’

Based on the structure it appears that the area beyond that gate was a wild flower road.

Big Sejin muttered eerily from behind.

“Isn’t this just like that? Why am I isolated in a snowy mountain cabin but an incident occurs at a hidden door… Billion!”

“no.”

It’s terrible… no don’t be ridiculous.

I patted Keun Se-jin on the back and returned to the living room.

The others followed suit stopping by their respective rooms to find their smartphones.

“phew.”

“Should we use this to find a flashlight?”

“It was in the pantry by the front door. “I’ll bring it.”

“Oh~”

After securing a flashlight thanks to Ryu Cheong-woo’s performance life became a bit more manageable.

The problem is that there is no way to recharge your smartphone.

‘I should use it sparingly.’

The electricity went out so there was nothing we could do. I clicked my tongue.

“Well since it could be dangerous shall we sleep together?”

“I totally agree~”

“Tell me a scary story!”

That day we gathered together in the living room and went to bed.

Cha Yu-jin said she was going to tell a scary story in English so it took extra effort to get over the request for translation.

And the next morning.

The situation progressed even more spectacularly.

“They’re all in chicken coops…!”

“Huh? “I’m floating away??”

Because it rained for two days water filled the front yard.

Thanks to this the chicks that spilled out through the open barn door due to the strong wind were floating around and were on the verge of being swept down the yard.

The yellow lump on the flowing muddy water is gradually moving away…

Go go go go go go!!

The rooster cries pitifully.

“No!!”

“We have to save Gu…!”

In the end out of urgency they all ran out to the barn together in their pajamas without umbrellas or raincoats.

‘I’m going to be amazed.’

“Hold it! Grab it!”

“Guys be careful not to fall! “Humble yourself!”

Fortunately they were people who exercised regularly so there was no one who stuck their head in the mud.

And after many twists and turns the chicks were all rescued.

Let me just say that Cha Yu-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo played an active role.

“thank god!”

“Phew…”

Holding the wet yellow lumps in both hands they waddled to the barn and attempted to restore it to its original state.

“Phew I’m glad.”

“While we’re here let’s take some eggs too!”

I wondered if there was any use in squeezing the moisture out of my clothes when the rain was pouring all over my body but anyway they were proud of cleaning up their faces.

And… eggs.

‘hmm.’

I said shaking my head.

“Would you like to eat one?”

“yes?”

“Uh huh??”

“Since there are five hens I thought I could kill one.”

“…!!”

There are 7 adults so it’s not like we can’t catch even a chicken.

Raebin Kim nodded.

“That’s a good idea. Consuming too much preserved food is not good for your health…”

“No!! No! “No!!”

“Oh my god Mundae how could you say such a thing about these little chicks that you just rescued!!”

“I don’t understand what they’re saying. And aren’t they originally raised to be eaten?”

And it’s funny that the people who would like it the most if you kill a chicken are the ones most opposed to it.

Cha Yu-jin was the most opposed.

“I’m not eating it!! “You are raising them well!”

This guy passionately explained the parable of ‘The Little Prince and the Rose’ even mixing it with English.

[These chickens are special to us just as the Little Prince’s rose is special?!]

Oh I got it.

“Haha yeah. “Let’s get some eggs.”

After finishing Ryu Cheong-woo’s arrangement Kim Rae-bin secretly whispered to me.

“If you catch a chicken I strongly recommend not distributing it to Cha Yu-jin.”

“…”

Anyway it means that after going through that mess we returned indoors holding the egg.

But another ambush awaits.

“…the water was cold.”

“Sure.”

Perhaps because of a power outage there was no hot water so I suddenly started rubbing with cold water. Bae Se-jin who showers with hot water even in the middle of summer seems to have had quite a shocking experience.

‘It can’t go on like this.’

It was fortunate that the kitchen ran on gas rather than induction so we could at least keep the rice warm but this also has its limitations.

So after eating I spoke to the guys who had filled their stomachs with white rice soft-boiled fries and red pepper tuna.

“First of all what should I do with electricity?”

“…yes.”

“That is correct… but I have no particular expertise.”

okay. The problem is that everyone’s occupations overlap. An ambiguous silence fell between those who devoted their lives to arts and physical education.

At that time Bae Se-jin spoke with a serious expression on his face.

“Wouldn’t it be okay to post something like a toad nest?”

“oh.”

“Oh that could happen!”

okay. There is also a possibility that the problem may be caused by a circuit breaker tripping.

While I was making a rather pessimistic reasoning ‘I have been receiving electricity through solar power but the sun has not shined for the past few days so the electricity has been cut off… ’ I stopped for now.

‘Then it might be easier to solve than you think.’

Liu Chengwu crossed his arms.

“Hmm where is it? “I couldn’t see it under the entrance or on the outside wall.”

“Would you like to ask…?”

As I said I tried to send a text message to the PD but failed frequently. I don’t seem to be able to get a good signal.

“Was the device damaged by the strong wind?”

“It could be because it is such a remote place. “Even now we haven’t been able to catch it a few times.”

“Hmm.”

I thought about it for a while but soon came to one conclusion.

“I have nothing to do anyway so let’s look for a toad nest.”

“Please do so~”

So the guys roughly divided into two or three each brought a flashlight and began exploring every nook and cranny of the house.

Well I’ll find it before the sun goes down.

* * *

“Well I don’t have any?”

“…”

Why can’t I see it?

-There is a high probability that we will find it right?

-okay.

I was in charge of searching the first floor together with Kim Rae-bin a big hitter.

And these things were usually located in the corners of the first floor.

However even though I walked around for quite some time I couldn’t see the distribution board.

“Isn’t it possible that it’s on another floor?”

“That may be true but…”

Aren’t houses usually on the lower floors?

At that time Raebin Kim raised his hand.

“Could it be inside the secret door that Bae Se-jin discovered last time?”

“…!”

“Oh that could happen.”

I thought of the dull-colored fire doors hidden behind cabinets.

‘Definitely… there is a possibility.’

It seemed to lead underground so there may have been a boiler room and a distribution board installed there.

“Shall we go?”

“…okay.”

I and them headed to the corner of the hallway where the cabinet was.

The further we went in that direction the darker it became as there were no windows. Even though it was daytime I had to turn on the flashlight.

“I brought it well~ It was almost scary!”

“Visibility is also important.”

We arrived in front of the cabinet quickly. As I pushed the half-pushed cabinet away a fairly large fire door was revealed under the light of the flashlight.

‘…It’s a bit excessive for a boiler room entrance.’

“Shall I open it?”

“…are you okay.”

It would be better for the person holding the flashlight to open it.

I grabbed the fire door handle and turned it.

The door wasn’t locked.

I’m sorry.

The door opened with an odd sound as if it was not opened often.

It was dark and quiet inside without any lights.

When I shined the flashlight inside I could faintly see the stairs going down.

“…”

“…”

“…is it a little scary?”

No it’s because of my mood.

“let’s go.”

“for a moment!”

“How about we join the people who are searching other places and move together?”

“Mundae you’re scared too~ I can see it all on your face?”

Because the two fearless guys were so active I had to wait a while before joining the search team on the second floor.

“Oh here.”

“WOW it’s dark!”

They are Bae Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin.

I doubt that the union has even finished searching the second floor… I joined anyway so let’s go in.

The five of us secured the fire door open and walked down the stairs relying on the light of our flashlights.

Perhaps because it was underground the temperature was low and there was a rusty fishy smell.

Step by step.

“Why on earth was this place made like this?”

“I guess it’s the owner’s preference.”

“Of course.”

Step by step.

“…I was just thinking about it.”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin stopped.

“Why did this person build a villa like this on a deserted island…?”

“…”

The atmosphere suddenly became cold.

“…I guess it would have been better if it was quiet~”

“But you provided it for entertainment purposes.”

Bae Se-jin said with an expression that seemed to break out in a cold sweat.

“If you liked being quiet I wouldn’t do that.”

“…”

Everyone became quiet again but soon desperate defenses emerged from all over the place.

“I’m a person who likes entertainment!”

“There may have been a very close acquaintance at the broadcasting station!”

“…yes. sorry.”

Bae Se-jin quietly kept his mouth shut.

I turned my slightly stiff neck and pointed forward.

“It seems like everything has come down.”

“ah.”

Before I knew it the stairs ended and I reached the bottom.

The huge cavity… seemed to have wooden boxes piled up everywhere.

“Oh is it a warehouse?”

“I think so.”

Perhaps because they were a little relieved the other guys’ voices became brighter.

‘Distribution panel… ’

And as I continued to search the wall with my flashlight I discovered something unexpected.

“…!”

“Huh?”

It was another door. Even double doors.

There was nothing unusual. But what leaked out from under the door was…

Big Sejin said in a trembling voice.

“…Isn’t that blood?”

blood?

A thick dark red liquid was dripping down onto the floor under the door.

“…”

After recognizing it I realized what I had thought was a rusty smell until now.

‘iron content.’

bloom

“…!!”

“Aaaah!!”

“Ugh!!”

A horrified scream filled the cavity.

I stumbled back.

‘declaration… ’

Where the fuck am I supposed to report this? what’s this?

[Oh my god what on earth is this XX! It’s blooming!!]

“I told you I was weird!! “Ahh!!”

“Go up come up now…!”

at that time.

Sweet.

Suddenly the light came back.

In an instant my vision became clear.

“…??”

“uh?”

It was a very subtle lighting. In an instant the atmosphere changed.

What I thought was a gloomy warehouse… turned out to be a very sensuously designed cellar.

“…?!”

The wooden boxes we saw earlier seem to have been piled up for pure atmosphere.

Anyone can see that the storage room has a nice interior.

And the door I saw…

“…It’s a freezer right?”

That’s right.

What I thought was a door… was a modern gray shiny freezer.

“…”

I walked over and opened the freezer door.

My nose felt refreshed as if there was still some cold left in it.

And various sausages and meats were melted and blood was seen flowing down.

It was the source of the fishy smell.

“…”

“…”

There was a long long silence.

“Oh I guess it was right here.”

“It’s radish. “I found the toad’s nest…!”

“…Guys?”

“Over there…?”

Until the 3rd floor exploration team that found the distribution board came down here the others stood there in vain contemplating their foolish actions.

I won’t necessarily deny the fact that I was included among the rest…

* * *

“But there is still a lot of meat.”

“The problem was that they mistook it for human meat.”

Be quiet.

After coming to my senses I took out the meat that had not yet thawed and was edible from the freezer.

I will have to ask the owner of this villa for his understanding later but since it is due to a natural disaster he will be able to understand to some extent.

“Look! “It’s a good thing I didn’t catch it!”

“…I know.”

I silently agreed when I saw the frozen native chicken that Cha Yu-jin was holding up.

“The refrigerator above is starting up again so let’s move a few things to eat.”

“Yes~”

‘Still I’m glad that that idiotic image doesn’t remain… ’

I was relieved but soon realized that my relief was in vain.

…These days the cameras’ batteries last longer than expected.
