---
title: "Chapter 248"
category: "book"
index: 247
section: "Chapter 248"
slug: "248"
---

# Chapter 248

A villa with electricity back.

After washing well in hot water and drying their clothes in the dryer they sat down and ate boiled rice. Boil a pot of porridge.

“This is it…”

“I ate really well!”

“Hyung your cooking is always delicious!”

“Okay thank you.”

To be honest since there were almost no vegetables I didn’t think it would taste better than eating outside but due to the situation the two native chickens were quickly reduced to only bones.

‘It’s okay.’

I anticipated the meal ahead.

A seller of that size would probably have not only meat but also other ingredients that are good for storage.

Given the circumstances I may be able to ask for your understanding if I eat one or two more items as long as it is not excessive.

…I couldn’t look for it properly because I was so embarrassed that I had to leave quickly.

‘Damn it.’

-Ugh!!

-I told you it was weird!! Argh!

I feel dizzy again with the dizzying nonsense rushing through my brain.

Let’s forget it. It’s not good for your mentality.

“Hmm I still can’t contact the production crew?”

“I see. Should we go out and give it a try?”

Other guys are holding fully charged smartphones and trying to find contacts.

‘Well the electricity has been restored and there’s a place to eat so there’s no need to rush.’

The revised weather forecast is not very reliable but it will be resolved in the next two or three days no matter how long it is.

Now I’m just going to focus on having a comfortable time here as much as possible regardless of the amount of broadcasting. Honestly I crossed a line.

I suggested putting down my spoon.

“Would you like to check if there are any vegetables in the basement? Since this is an emergency I think we can use it to some extent.”

“Is that so?”

“I agree~ Oh and I’ll clean up the blood too! “If the production crew comes they’ll be as cold as us.”

“I’ll come find a U.S. rolling pin…!”

So as soon as I finished cleaning up the meal I went down to the basement again with cleaning supplies.

I also didn’t forget to bring plenty of flashlights in case there was another power outage.

‘It’s probably good for preservation… I think there’s something like spices or pickled olives for snacks.’

And as expected we found a few additional items.

“Oh wine~”

“Is it possible that this cheese is so expensive or limited that if we consume it we will not be able to provide sufficient compensation to the owner?”

“…Let’s just eat something else.”

But that wasn’t the only thing I found in the basement.

“Hey look at this.”

“…!”

While I was cleaning up the blood stains in the freezer.

I found another door cleverly hidden in the shadow of the huge machine.

Even this one was quite small. At my height I would have to bend slightly to move around.

Liu Chengwu looked at the door carefully.

“Um this is…”

“…Isn’t this the boiler room in this building?”

This is a possible statement.

“Open it!!”

“There was a power outage and it would be difficult if the gas was suddenly cut off. Let’s check right?”

“Yeah that would be a good idea.”

“oh!”

“Then let’s open it.”

It seems like there’s an agreement. I turned the metal door handle and pulled it keeping the push bar upright.

Grumble.

The door opened gently… revealing an unexpected view inside.

“…passage?”

“Flashlight!”

When Bae Se-jin illuminated the inside with a flashlight a curved concrete passageway appeared in the distance.

It was not a structure that could be found under a family home.

hook.

The wind that smelled like an underground structure was sucked in and passed my nose.

“omg.”

“Wow what is this??”

“Uh is it okay if we go…?”

They seemed to have completely forgotten how scared they were because of the blood stains and they started whispering excitedly about the unknown distance to explore.

I understand. I was stuck indoors doing nothing so something like this would be interesting.

Liu Chengyu narrowed his eyes slightly and pointed inward with his finger.

“It looks like an emergency escape… Look over there. “It’s like a guiding light.”

“Ohh.”

As expected a faint green light was coming out from inside.

‘Did you make it in preparation for disaster?’

Then I think I should have told the people filming here but that’s just my opinion.

Liu Chengwu shrugged his shoulders.

“Since we’re in trouble… I guess it wouldn’t be a bad idea to check.”

“song! song!”

“…I guess it’ll be okay.”

So I entered the passage with the entrance door secured with a push pin.

Of course those who had learned their lesson from the last incident turned on all the flashlights they had and walked down the aisle comfortably.

However this passage was much longer than I expected.

Eventually I passed about three or four emergency guidance lights.

“Does this seem to have come a long way outside the villa?”

“…I know.”

Since they had no idea what kind of passage this was people started to get nervous.

I said with a sigh.

“Wait here. A few people quickly check the end of this passage and come…”

“NONONO!”

“What are you talking about? We should all go together!”

“…”

It’s a mess.

Anyway the result was a few more turns around the corner.

“It looks like a door over there…!”

Finally the passage ended and a door appeared.

There was an oddly designed lock on the door but it didn’t seem to be working.

“Oh the owner seems to have good sense.”

“I know.”

I waited until the others started talking and then put my hand on the door handle again.

“Then will you open it?…”

“Uh oh wait a minute! “Shouldn’t we all do this together?”

“that’s right! “I do it too!”

“…I see.”

okay. Do whatever you want.

Even though there were no cameras thanks to the people who were very active in proving the community a strange picture of seven people hanging on one door emerged.

They even shout slogans. It’s like a school retreat… but it looks fun so there’s no need to say anything.

I saw Bae Se-jin extend a hand and slightly moved my hand away from the handle.

“Now let’s all open it together.”

“One two… three!”

Sweet.

The first thing I felt was a strange feeling of resistance.

However when seven men opened the door at once the door opened wide without any particular pause.

and.

Uddangtangtang!

“…!”

“What is it??”

What appeared before my eyes was a dark indoor space but I had no time to notice it.

“Aaaah!!”

“Wow!!”

A scream very similar to the one I heard in the basement a few hours ago made me want to leave this space.

“…??”

“Uh huh?!”

There were people outside the door.

They even have facial faces.

They are the production crew hesitantly holding the camera equipment support as if they are about to hit them at any moment.

what.

‘Why are you out here?’

“Why are you there!! “Where on earth!!”

“It’s mom!”

It seems like the other person had the same thought.

The production crew fell forward making a sad sound.

“Uh huh huh!”

* * *

The two groups looked at each other in extreme confusion and shouted but only calmed down after some time.

“So… you were on emergency duty.”

“Yes… that’s right.”

The production crew with haggard complexions looked like they hadn’t washed properly for several days.

“Who would have thought that the weather would suddenly become like this and we would be trapped?”

When I heard that story a sudden thought came to mind.

‘That text.’

-Everyone we are currently unable to launch a boat or walk from the island so please wait a moment. We will take action soon.

When I asked why there was talk of ‘moving around the island on foot’ I found out that there were people living on the island full-time.

Now that I think about it no matter how much I want to create a natural picture it’s crazy that there are times when the entire production crew is absent leaving only the cast on the island. I knew something would happen.

However it seems that such a natural disaster was not expected.

One member of the production team was fed up.

“At most there was only a shower forecast… ugh.”

So the production crew was stranded here without any preparation. They seem to have gone through quite a bit of hardship due to lack of water and food.

And here an obvious question arose.

“But this place…?”

“Oh this is the set of that entertainment show! container.”

“…!”

I recalled checking out of the villa on the first day.

“The container with that logo?”

“yes yes.”

It is said that the production crew used the escape entertainment container that was not demolished as a base for filming.

“I tried to use it as tourism content when the weather got bad but… yeah I failed.”

“Hahahaha…”

In any case it is said that thanks to this the level of comfort and intensity that a person can stay in for several days was maintained.

So the production crew was using it as a temporary shelter and suddenly we burst out through the wallpaper and attacked it.

“It’s rice wallpaper right?”

“yes. “You don’t even know the location so how did you get here?”

And the production crew was stunned when they saw the aisle we came from.

“Wow was there something like this??”

“I really won’t leave PD Park alone…”

The secret story I found out later was that it was actually a structure that was intended to be used in a previous escape entertainment show but was not revealed due to the travel routes of the cast.

The main PD and others were well aware of this but the youngest members on duty who remained on the emergency standby team did not know.

Anyway there was one reason why they didn’t bother to contact us and were left shivering here.

“Oh you probably don’t have much to eat and you’re anxious… I think it would be a burden to say that we’re isolated here for no reason.”

I already brought him here to let him enjoy healing content to his heart’s content but now that it’s gotten to this point he’s been shamed.

I read the context.

‘I guess I thought Testa was going to be terrible… ’

In fact from the production team’s perspective we were in a situation where we had nothing to say.

However there was a small unexpected side note.

“I think the picture I took will be ruined…”

“…??”

“A picture taken…?”

I wondered what was going on when there was a natural disaster and all the cameras died.

“Oh that… maybe some of the fixed cams are still alive today?”

“yes??”

“It’s a new piece of equipment. “The infrared camera is probably alive too.”

“Wow I see~”

“…”

It’s okay. There’s no way there’s a camera in the basement anyway. It won’t show that way.

In any case common-sense rescue proposals followed.

“There are quite a few ingredients in the villa! Don’t worry let’s go together. Oh my you worked so hard…”

“is it so. “Let’s first take a shower and eat before we talk.”

“Are you okay…?”

“It’s okay… sob.”

“thank you.”

The production crew moved to the villa thankful that there was an indoor passageway instead of a dangerous windy and windy dirt road.

And as soon as I came through the door I shouted.

“Oh it leads here!”

“…??”

What is that… familiar reaction?

“Writer Choi said he originally planned to use today’s content about some kind of treasure hunt here.”

“We don’t have any installers here do we? that’s right. Anyway this is everyone’s first time here… Ah there are a lot of ingredients here. Thank goodness.”

The production crew shouted brightly.

…And then they immediately dispersed in all directions and found hidden cameras somewhere and checked them.

“That’s a good thing. “Can we save these cuts?”

“…”

Is it true?

I opened my mouth without realizing it.

“…Wouldn’t the story be a bit disconnected? “There are no cameras in the aisle.”

“Oh don’t worry.”

The production team brightly crushed our hopes.

“Just in case we also turned on the camera to record it. “I’m sure your appearance was captured well!”

“Of course it will be edited well so don’t worry about that.”

“…”

Okay let’s give up on this part. No it would be nice to have content. My worries eased.

‘In case of a power outage all you have to do is get over the basement.’

But an even more surprising fact is revealed later.

The production crew who were walking around the villa and checking cameras here and there were expressing mixed feelings of admiration and sighing.

“Ah Main is dead…”

“Is this the end?”

“Um… do you need this too?”

Raebin Kim suddenly took out a camera.

“…!”

That… is the camera I brought because it was chosen as my hobby.

I understand that they were given one for each person to walk around the island for about half a day in the latter half of filming.

‘I thought everyone put it aside and forgot about it.’

Even I almost forgot about the situation but it looks like this stubborn guy took pictures of something.

First of all the production team was grateful.

“oh! thank you.”

“Okay let’s take a look.”

I shrugged.

Well no matter what it’ll only be a few shots…

[9\:11 a.m. on the first day of the shipwreck. The recorder is Kim Rae-bin 21 who is in charge of producing and rapping in the group Testa.]

[I’m trying to record all of these incidents just in case…]

“…”

At first glance the camera captured Kim Rae-bin’s serious face.

This guy explained the background of each person in distress and gave briefings every three hours.

There is no such thing as a first-person camcorder perspective disaster movie.

[12\:00 AM. Canned food and instant rice were distributed. I hope nothing falls before this storm passes.]

[6 am. Yesterday everyone slept together in the living room. Cha Yu-jin told a strange story that created unnecessary anxiety. Surprisingly Liu Chengwu was happy.]

And the record on the day of the power outage incident.

Raebin Kim clenched his fist and shouted into the camera.

[We… will save the chick!]

“…”

“Hahaha! oh my god!!”

“Mr. Lavin is the best!”

“Is that so?”

I had a hunch.

‘It’s ruined.’

And sure enough.

This camcorder record will be exported as a trailer…
