---
title: "Chapter 249"
category: "book"
index: 248
section: "Chapter 249"
slug: "249"
---

# Chapter 249

Go back in time a few weeks ago.

Immediately after a subtle announcement was made about ‘a broadcast that will reveal the stage that was not selected at Testa’s donation concert’.

The excited fans were a little puzzled after checking the broadcaster.

-Is it CVN?

-Eng it’s not even Tinet it’s suddenly CBN.

This is because it was not only a stage show on a popular music channel like Tnet but also a cable channel famous for entertainment and dramas.

-Should we do entertainment for the kids?

-How do you plan to come out? Are you going to do another reality show?

-The timing is ambiguous.

Idol reality shows often use their own Internet platforms except in rare cases.

It was rare for a full-fledged program to be scheduled on such a large channel. And at an ambiguous time neither the comeback season nor the tour season.

-What did T-One do?

-You’re not trying to make a story out of an accident.

└The accident occurred (X) T-one caused the accident (0) ^^

└ㄹㅇThis is correct

-Attempted Murder

Although it was an exceptional situation that some people doubted or worried about the majority still waited for the new rice cake with only a little doubt.

And a few days later.

[Let’s go to a villa just for Testa!]

[〈Island Life in Testa〉 9/30 Wed]

A preview image of a beach and a hammock and a cool drink crossing under a blue sky.

This new promotion which appeared through official channels and articles pointed to one fact.

Testa’s rest and healing!

-Oh thank goodness.

-Of course it’s best to rest in a place without cameras but… thank you kids.

-ㅠㅠIt’s been a while since I’ve seen you in peace. I hope you guys eat a lot of delicious food sleep well and have fun…

-You didn’t have to leave the country so you chose a place where there were no people.

Fans were relieved and delighted by the very typical and common sense reality format.

Even after filming the atmosphere became a little softer as an article leaked that Testa was taking a surprise vacation during the Chuseok holiday.

-Guys let’s eat a lot of delicious food and rest well.

-You really really worked hard. Thank you for taking care of Loveviewer until the end. Take care of your health and see you in good health♡♡♡

This is because public concerns about whether people may not be able to rest properly due to filming have subsided.

Words like ‘Testa can rest well even after filming’ and ‘The damn company is finally paying attention’ were the general public opinion on fans’ SNS and communities.

Of course not everyone was like that.

‘Didn’t you watch Reality Deal on vacation?’

The office worker who runs the account where Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin’s photos are posted had a very realistic pessimism.

‘I’ll let you rest well during the holidays so please do just this. I won’t ask you to do anything all you have to do is play… I think he said something like that.’

It was assumed that this was a work to revamp T1’s image.

But Homma an office worker soon shrugged his shoulders.

‘Well it’s not that important.’

The important thing is that if it is a program that only focuses on healing being included in CVN is actually a handshake.

‘Healing isn’t fun.’

The testa which became hot due to a car accident and a donation concert was already attracting a lot of attention and we can already see the reaction of the general public who watched the first episode and then left.

-I’m sorry but it’s boring…

-The kids were cute haha. I’ll watch the clip later!

So if it was truly healing I had to think that only the fans would actually be counted in the viewership ratings.

‘It would be damned if the viewership ratings went down like that.’

-Shocking Testa reality episode 2 viewership ratings

-Testa entertainment is a bomb vs. not that bad

-The results of this testa reality show leave a lot to be desired.

The lineup was already good.

Tika a fan of VTIC said she would run wild with excitement and office workers predicted that the frustrating and tiring situation would last for about two weeks.

Still there was no choice.

‘Well unless T1 goes crazy I won’t make this situation difficult.’

Now public opinion has barely moved on to idols’ main profession through donation concerts but it has barely covered up the shock caused by the car accident.

If it weren’t for this format it probably wouldn’t have been able to avoid a huge backlash.

‘If I had sold hotteok like last time to pay off my travel debt… I would have tried to kill him.’

Looking at the current atmosphere it would not be surprising if an article was published saying that the company committed the grave sin of plastering its members.

Of course office workers thought that this was a public opinion that was quite divorced from the reality of the company.

‘I guess I’ll just be working. Anyway I’ll just go to this entertainment show.’

She thought deeply and this thought was further solidified after seeing the next trailer.

[Do whatever you want to test!]

[Testa\: Wow are we using everything here?]

When I looked at it it seemed like a type of healing that allowed me to do everything I really wanted to do from food to hobbies.

And the first episode that actually aired was like that.

Beautiful and gentle islands and colorful villas in the South Sea. And a simple chicken coop and wild flowers in full bloom.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Chick! It’s really cute!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Wow I don’t know if we can enjoy all of this.]

The members had fun wandering around the island and villas eating health food and enjoying luxurious massages.

[Bae Se-jin (Massage Mania)\: Ugh]

[Park Moon-dae\: (embarrassed)]

[Ryu Cheong-woo (hiking enthusiast)\: I bought some hiking shoes.]

[Park Moon-dae\: (turns away)]

There are some funny scenes here and there but they are minor.

Overall it was a vicarious satisfaction type of reality that allowed testers to come or go.

-Cha Goyoung I’m just eating a few chicken drumsticks haha Let’s eat a lot and sleep!

-Warms my heart

-Did you see Ahyeon meditating? There is no prince in the forest. He is X-Zuni Prince.

-Yes this is what I wanted.

Fans were happy but office workers gave up.

Because it was something only fans would see.

‘There are some sections that are a bit slippery.’

The office worker whetted his appetite saying that they are smart guys and will prepare their next album well.

However everything was turned upside down in the trailer that came out at the end of episode 1.

[The next day…?]

[??? \: (Jijijijik) — Day 1 9\:11 a.m.]

[??? \: The recorder is (Ji Ji-jik) — 21-year-old Kim Rae-bin.]

“…!?”

The newly released trailer… suddenly became spectacular!

[An unusual weather change that no one expected]

[Announcer\: Heavy rain accompanied by strong winds in the South Sea…]

[Isolated crew!]

[Youngest Writer\: We barely have any water left?]

[Assistant director\: Hahahaha (real voice)]

[Mental breakdown]

Bam bam bam bam bam bam follow me ↗

News cuts and an island with a crazy storm raging against the background of strong BGM were edited.

And the faceless side and back views of the production crew who were mentally upset were cross-edited and appeared rhythmically.

The last person to enter was Raebin Kim who appeared again in a camcorder-like edited screen.

Raebin Kim clenched his fists.

[Kim Rae-bin (21)\: We will save the chick…!]

[Testa\: Ahhh!]

The trailer ended with Testa in pajamas running towards the chick floating on the water.

“…”

SNS is already filled with question marks and laughter.

‘…Play it like this?’

The office worker laughed uncharacteristically and then stopped searching for a moment in embarrassment.

And after a while.

The response exploded even in communities used by non-fans.

[Testa entertainment Gapbun is in trouble haha]

[Isn’t it killing not healing?]

[Please watch this quickly crazy hahaha (trailer link)]

“hmm.”

They say that a person who will rise will rise no matter what they do but it seems that her idol cannot tolerate stagnation.

The office worker looked at the situation with satisfaction and chose an edited shot of Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin to post on his account. It was a cut of Lee Se-jin playing a prank on Park Moon-dae during meditation.

However I had a premonition at the same time.

‘There will be people who say it’s uncomfortable right?’

Sure enough by the time she uploaded the retouched GIF file new comments were being shared.

-Did you press ahead with filming even though there was a typhoon?

-I guess they pretended it was healing and only made the kids suffer again. It’s really annoying.

-Are you sure they are airing something that was shipwrecked as content? I must be crazy

‘Ah the instigator again.’

In fact it was a morally appropriate request but the brain of an office worker consumed with the desire for social success felt that it was all a first step.

‘I said I already took the fucking shot. ‘Why should I throw away the footage?’

What can we do about such a sudden natural disaster?

Why don’t they know that the idols they like would have tried their best to save something from the disaster?

“really.”

She secretly gave strength to the public opinion that dismissed all the opposition as ‘serious’. Anonymously of course.

-Oh please let’s just look at it. It was like this during the donation con and it’s like this again.

-It seems like they are a mix of people who want to invite the tester entertainment show because it seems like it will do well.

As a result the news of Testa’s amazing vacation was reported and the controversy ended without controversy.

‘it’s okay.’

She scoffed when she saw Park Moon-dae’s first post about Homma who was still worried on her personal SNS account.

-I hope the filming ends well in good health without any major incidents and with a smile… I hope you don’t overdo anything.

‘In the first place being an idol is a demanding job.’

The prime time is not long but it is a job that requires rowing when the water comes in.

The office worker thought so and waited for the next episode of Testa Reality to air.

And episode 2 aired with more interest than episode 1.

Surprisingly the starting point was not Testa.

It was the production team.

[Unprecedented filming suspension in history]

[The youngest members of the production team lost contact and became isolated… ☆]

[Assistant director\: Ah the rain and wind were crazy;;]

[Youngest PD\: Aren’t we in trouble like this?]

[Youngest Writer\: Looks like we’ve already been shipwrecked… haha]

The production crew lamented their situation in a dark indoor space littered with filming equipment writing tools and water bottles.

However the editing atmosphere was not that dark.

[※Sea route cut off※]

[※Helicopter is not available※]

[Youngest PD\: This won’t work. It won’t work. I can’t even go to the villa. It is impossible to contact the cast]

[Youngest Writer\: Wow…]

[※Can’t even walk (!) ※]

Seen from a distance even tragedy was a comedy. With funny BGM and editing their hardships were edited in a humorous way like a surprise camera.

However I felt sad.

[Youngest writer\: We haven’t washed our hair for three days now… (speechless)]

This is because lines like this were exchanged. Even people who were concentrating on Testa’s situation became solemn without even realizing it.

Of course fundamental questions remained.

‘But what about Testa?’

And it’s just the right time for these questions to grow in people’s minds.

[Jeeeeeeek!!]

[Producer\: Ahhh!!]

Suddenly the dark wall the production team was leaning against was torn apart and the door opened!

And what popped out from there was… Testa.

At that moment the screen stopped with a close-up of Testa’s surprised face.

[Testa\: Argh!!]

[????]

It even included huge red subtitles.

And insert your voice.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Are you all okay?]

[Youngest Writer\: Heo Eo Eok]

[Testa… came to the rescue!!]

The angels’ choir BGM was played. It was a directing where there was absolutely no hero. They even added a CG halo to the back of Testa.

“no…!”

It was such an impactful appearance that even office workers were left speechless.

[Assistant Director\: You don’t even know the location so how could you…]

Testa looked at each other intermittently and then smiled as if he had lost some air.

And subtitles again.

[How on earth did Testa appear here?]

[◄◄◄]

The screen started to go back.

[Day 1 of the shipwreck]

And then the story of the disaster from Testa’s point of view began.

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s too windy. I can’t go out.]

[Lee Se-jin\: So~ Did you hit the ball today too? Ugh!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: 12 a.m. The brothers discussed the future direction of their lives. The ban on going out is likely to become a new rule.]

Kim Rae-bin’s camera played a big role. Kim Rae-bin’s self-camera sound was quietly inserted into each important scene like a commentary.

And it made the situation funnier.

[Bae Se-jin\: No! Since sweet potatoes are easier I went first…]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Sejin they say beans grow faster? I will take this card.]

[Bae Se-jin\: (shocked)]

[Cam\: During the board game something about grain came up. I checked carefully to see if it would be cultivated.]

This is because the overindulgence was enormous.

– Hahahaha Kim Rae-bin really.

-You were such a character. I thought you were a medieval rabbit riding a snail in a clearing but it was just a rabbit.

-No what is this? Why are you recording a distressed diary by yourself?

-Who gave the kid the camera? Turn yourself in.

And even though it wasn’t such a humorous element it didn’t feel like the hardships were being glorified or glossed over.

It was thanks to the impact of the first appearance editing.

This is because Testa’s good-natured and challenging aspects were emphasized more than the hardships he faced.

In fact Testa did not panic or complain about the weather but instead found things to do and played hard.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Hide and seek?? do!! Hide bro!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (shaking)]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Okay…! Should I hide?]

-The kids are very diligent and want to try something.

-It’s so sad that the food was poor. The production team must repay with Korean beef and snow crab.

The broadcast which progressed steadily entered the long-awaited blackout episode.
