---
title: "Chapter 250"
category: "book"
index: 249
section: "Chapter 250"
slug: "250"
---

# Chapter 250

Raebin Kim’s voice in the camcorder recording which was serious yet spirited was strangely subdued.

[Cam\: Phew now… 9 PM.]

[Cam\: three hours ago now]

[Cam\: The lights in all villas are turned off.]

And on the screen all the lights in the house suddenly turned off.

[!!!!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Is everyone okay?]

[Cha Yujin\: Brother!]

[Sudden blackout]

From that moment on the mood of the episode changed completely.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Let’s first adapt to the dark without moving.]

[Testa checks each other by relying on smartphone light]

[however]

[There is… one person?]

[??? \: Ugh!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Brother!]

A strange sense of tension began to form in the distress episode which was closer to an adventure with premature abdominal pain.

In addition cross-interviews began to be included.

[Sun Ah-hyun\: Suddenly I heard (Bae Se-jin) brother’s screams…]

[Park Moon-dae\: I was embarrassed. Everyone would be surprised.]

The format somehow smelled like a horror movie.

-Gapbun thrillerㄷㄷㄷ

-Wow what is so scary?

-There was a power outage. It was a bit severe.

-Bae Se-jin injured?

The infrared camera turned quickly. and…

It shined a light on Bae Se-jin who was lying face down in a strange position as if he was about to roll over at any moment.

[…??]

[Mr. Sejin… he’s fine…]

The body gag created an entertainment-like atmosphere for a moment but it didn’t last long.

Infrared camera moving closer.

[Shhh]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Yes. There was a strange door behind the cabinet.]

[Park Moon-dae\: But at that time it seemed to me… there was no space behind it.]

[Park Moon-dae\:… So there is no way. Except for the one that leads to the basement.]

This is because the basement door they found was close-up on the screen with quite an eerie silence.

-omg

-Oh I’m so scared.

-Who is the owner of the villa? Why is something like that hidden?

-Wow the atmosphere is scary haha.

-Isn’t it Suzaku?

Testa hesitated and fell from the door.

The interviews crossed again.

[Lee Se-jin\: It seemed a little creepy didn’t it? (wry smile)]

[Bae Se-jin\: A strange feeling…]

And the point of view shifts to Cha Yu-jin who solves the ghost story that night.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Moon Dae-hyung! Please speak in Korean!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (Save me)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: (English)… So a crazy doctor performed a frontal lobotomy in the basement of that house…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Once upon a time in America there was a house that was haunted by a doctor’s ghost.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Are the door lengths different?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hmm.]

In reality it was quite a warm and funny atmosphere at the time but the feeling was slightly different in the edited video.

It was implemented with the feeling of foreshadowing the future as if trying to laugh it off.

Viewers were restless.

-What is the basement door?

-Let’s quickly block that door with the cabinet again.

-Guys why are you leaving it like that?

-Is it true that they are still in a power outage?

-Is everyone overly immersed in healing entertainment?

I moved on to the next day with that uncomfortable feeling.

And finally Testa was seen dividing into teams and starting to look for the distribution board.

[Q\: I heard (Bae) Se-jin was the first to voice his opinion?]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Ears popping) I was just talking about Toad House…]

[Bae Se-jin\: Yes I felt like I had to do something… It feels strange.]

As the interview ended Bae Se-jin’s nervous face appeared on the screen.

And finally in the scene where he walks into the basement to find the distribution board Bae Se-jin’s remarks are illuminated as if they were continuing.

[Bae Se-jin\: Why did this person build a villa like this on a deserted island…?]

[Stairs filled with momentary silence]

-Ughhhhhhh

-Oh don’t do that why are you doing that?

-The production team is faking it. Say so quickly.

-It was ordered by Sejin. Anyway then.

The stiff faces of the members captured by the infrared camera slowly passed by.

And then we arrived at the basement.

What the members discovered on the dark screen relying on the light of a flashlight rather than infrared rays -.

[Lee Se-jin\:… Isn’t that blood?]

[blood?]

[!!!!]

The frozen screen was distorted and zoomed in and out repeatedly and a creepy sound like a child laughing was heard as background music.

[Ugh!!]

The tester on the screen was in a panic letting out all kinds of screams and reactions.

By this time viewers were also pouring out their doubts by screaming and yelling in the comments.

[Tiriring~]

[????]

The fire is back in the basement.

In a bright and white cellar that had been intentionally filled with filters the five testers were stuck together shivering.

However one of the lumpy guys with a confused look on his face stood up and walked away.

And then I trudged out and opened the freezer.

The sound effect of cute houses exploded.

[Porolong!]

[☆Meat Party☆]

[The identity of the blood that the members saw↘]

The naked arrow moved in an obnoxious way. The extreme rainbow CG sparkling above it was brilliant.

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

A faint BGM was played on the idols’ dazed expressions…

And the cruel production team even took close-ups of the members’ past reactions one by one and played them repeatedly.

[Cha Yu-jin\: (flamboyant English)]

[Kim Rae-bin\: (silent scream)]

[Bae Se-jin\: I told you it was strange!! Ah!!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Go up come up now…!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (falls)]

[~List of fishermen who caught themselves~]

There was an interview cut of the five members covering their faces and looking embarrassed.

[Park Moon-dae\:… I was a little embarrassed. I wasn’t scared.]

[LOL]

Park Moon-dae’s last interview in which he pretended to be calm even had subtitles that made him laugh out loud.

And the viewers also burst into laughter without mercy.

-Kitchen hahahahahahaha

-Of course only the scary people went there haha.

-Oh Park Moon-dae don’t act like you’re scared~~ Interviews are useless~~

-No it was scary. A sudden power outage on a deserted island… But you guys are scared.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Even after two members came to the five members who were stiff with a sense of self-destruction the editing did its best to make people laugh.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: I found the toad house…!]

On the screen the friendly images of Ryu Cheong-woo and Sun Ah-hyeon operating the distribution board switch and high-fiving were inserted with a dim effect.

[Rest assured members we have eradicated the scary power outage!]

-Only those who aren’t fearful are shocked haha.

-This… is the fault of the palm that tore the team up like that… Dedenchi is the source of all evil.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-I should have shared the archery master’s and X’s prince (gum smile)

Moreover even though Testa was very shy he eventually became excited when he saw the meat.

They eagerly found the frozen chicken and almost danced around with it and the laughter doubled at their raw reaction.

-The kids are so cute

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-I worked really hard haha.

As I was carrying the meat up the stairs I secretly said something like this.

[Bae Se-jin\:… Still I’m glad there’s no camera.]

[↑ Yes]

[PD\: Originally I was planning on going on a treasure hunt but that ended up happening…]

[Testa receives the blessings of the entertainment fairy]

[Thank you for your sincerity… ☆ by the entire production crew whose filming was ruined due to shipwreck]

It was once again emphasized that there was no manipulation.

The broadcast which was full of laughter until the very end ended neatly with good reference comments.

[※The person who rented the villa is an elderly couple with a dream of returning to farming※]

[※Thank you once again to the villa owner and his wife for their generous understanding of the broadcast and remarks※]

And this episode ended in a heartwarming and refreshing way with Testa boiling boiled rice and having fun filming a mukbang.

Of course as soon as the broadcast ended viewers’ comments exploded.

-Crazy big fun

-It’s been a while since I laughed.

-Quickly check out Testa’s Island Disaster. It’s hilarious.

└I thought it was island life but when did you change your name? LOL

-Did Testa really get an entertainment fairy? Oh it was so funny haha.

Moreover the production team did not forget to post plenty of notices.

It is not yet clear how they came to rescue the production team so they aimed to increase the viewership ratings for the next episode by dragging this piece of cake for a long time.

Plus the trailer looked very interesting.

Testa rescuing a chick Testa carrying a flashlight and even putting on hiking boots and giving a high five.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Wow what on earth is this?]

[Lee Se-jin\: I never imagined it would really be like this! ha ha ha!]

Survival and adventure quest.

The finale was a bright and active trailer that seemed to pursue more genre fun.

Because Testa looked lively and happy it offset the criticism that this painting was a ‘sadistic format.’

[Testa is going to save the production crew?]

[How grand will the production crew’s healing in return be!]

And in the end it shed light on how much healing Testa will enjoy after this disaster and also emphasized that there is still a ‘healing part’ left.

In addition there are social media uploads of excited testers coming up one after another.

—————————=

Mundae the next crybaby king (photo)

(laughter emoticon)

—————————=

└Stop it Lee Se-jin

└Quit Mundaemun University

—————————=

Hello Lover. This is Sun Ah-hyun.

(picture)

This is a scented candle I made. I was thinking about taking it with me on my trip to the island but I left it behind but when I watched today’s broadcast I felt a little sad. Could it have been a source of strength when the members were scared?

—————————=

└No bro I wasn’t scared!

└Eujin if you lie horns will grow on your butt.

└(Tiger emoticon) I’m not flying!

Thanks to this fans were swept up in the powerful entertainment vibe and even forgot their complaints or worries. Because the members looked really happy.

And while waiting for the next episode I was excited and guessed the content.

-It seems like Ravin would have been the first to save the chick. Looking at the editing it seems like that’s exactly the case.

-Why do you need a flashlight again? What can I do at night… or is there a power outage again?

-You might want to wear hiking boots when you go to rescue the production crew.

└Or he could have actually climbed a mountain lol.

└Hahahahaha crazy

For reference the last guess was correct.

* * *

“Refreshing.”

“…yes.”

I sat down on the rock trying not to gasp.

The morning air is nice but I feel like the oxygen is sweet from just moving my body.

I turned my head. Liu Chengwu briefly muttered something like an exclamation.

“The scenery is nice.”

As the saying goes the sea and land beyond the villa and the coastline look quite nice.

It’s worth it. Because it’s the top of the mountain.

‘Damn it.’

I never thought I would actually go hiking.

I recalled the contents I took with me after rescuing the crew.

Even after the rain stopped the waves were so strong that the boat could not float so we did several activities that were connected to the feeling of disaster.

‘Receiving vegetables from a helicopter was quite fun and the pictures were great.’

At that time when I started hiking I had no idea that it would lead to actual mountain climbing.

I slightly regretted handing over the note to Raebin Kim during the last treasure hunt.

‘I didn’t know the penalty was like this.’

Of course I don’t think it’s a punishment for this guy.

I glanced at Liu Chengwu.

“…”

The guy’s expression looked quite relaxed.

Maybe it’s because of the mountain climbing but the feeling of being somewhat gloomy and oppressive after the accident has disappeared.

‘…Ryu Chengwu also went through quite a bit of trouble.’

I feel like I should bow down a little more from now on.

I think it’s past the point where it feels like it might explode if you touch it so it might be okay to talk to it and treat it better.

“Please have some water.”

“Oh thank you.”

I quietly drank warm scorched rice with him.

However this does not mean that I expected this conversation after the drone camera moved away just before the descent.

“Yes Mundae. If it’s okay… How about going to the members’ houses instead of the dorm during this Chuseok holiday? Oh my house is fine too.”

what?
