---
title: "Chapter 251"
category: "book"
index: 250
section: "Chapter 251"
slug: "251"
---

# Chapter 251

It was a good thing that the Chuseok holiday was guaranteed after this island distress entertainment ended. Because I have a place to use it.

‘…I was planning to click ‘Check the truth’ then.’

Even if my condition wasn’t very good it was advantageous to be able to recover during the holidays and it was also nice that they were all going to their families because it was the holidays.

‘I guess I can clean it up by myself.’

But now out of the blue what kind of proposal is this?

‘Do you invite your co-workers to your house for the holidays?’

Did they decide to make each other uncomfortable?

In particular when Ryu Chengwu was young there was a high probability that he would go back to his hometown every holiday like me…

“…”

‘That’s it.’

That’s all… Let’s not speculate unnecessarily. It’s meaningless.

Trudging.

As I was slowly walking down the mountain path I just asked out loud.

“I don’t think it would be a good idea for me to go during the holidays.”

“are you okay.”

Liu Chengwu answered calmly.

“It’s not much different from usual. We already talked about just staying as a family. “Why don’t we have some holiday food?”

“…”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly wondering what he interpreted my silence as.

“Actually… I feel a bit uncomfortable meeting my relatives.”

“…!”

“I received a call from ‘Idol Co. Ltd.’ that way.”

Liu Chengwu continued calmly.

“There was even an article about it… After that my parents said they wouldn’t go to the holidays either.”

“…”

okay. The author of ‘Azusa’ wrote a chance for a relative.

Ryu Cheong-wu’s parents also seemed to refrain from interacting with relatives for fear of becoming prey to knights.

I chose my words.

“You’re wise.”

“Haha I see. Anyway so it’s just me and my parents at home. My younger brother said he was going on a trip with his friends. “Oh we have a dog too.”

“…”

“Think about it. “It’s probably going to be difficult for you to stay in the dorm alone this time.”

“yes?”

The bitter smile on Liu Chengwu’s face disappeared and a hint of mischief appeared.

“I don’t know? “The members and the company say that strange things happen every time you go on vacation so you shouldn’t be left alone.”

“…”

That’s… worth it.

I was speechless as I recalled my record from my last vacation.

‘No wonder I got rid of it all.’

I will also monitor if any of my team members get upset every time they get a vacation or get involved in a dog fight.

If you try to find a hole to escape on your own but that’s not possible…

‘Then… isn’t Liu Chengwu’s bad too?’

Since I’m not that close to this guy I could probably just get a room and live comfortably.

It won’t be a very pleasant time to see Ryu Cheng-wu’s parents but it will be bearable.

‘and… ’

I took a breath.

There may be a photo of your parents.

So when you go on a big family trip… isn’t there someone who always leaves photos or videos?

‘If only I could at least take a look at a group photo.’

If I tell you well even if ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ is not here I can confirm that my parents are here…

‘What nonsense.’

I shook off my thoughts.

Here… even if there is a record of my parents being there what I see now is not helpful at all. It will only cause further agitation unnecessarily.

‘Don’t fall for the bullshit in your head.’

I resisted the urge and gritted my teeth. A crackling sound rang out in my mouth.

The problem is that the guy next to me heard it too.

“Are you that uncomfortable?”

“…!!”

“No… that could be true. Because it can be uncomfortable to hang out with adults you don’t know.”

I guess that’s not what I meant to say.

I understood its nuances for the first time.

‘You meant to ask if you were uncomfortable.’

Liu Qingyu looked a little bitter but soon his complexion changed and he spoke comfortably.

“Well think about it anyway.”

“…”

It might be right to move on from here.

But I opened my mouth.

“It’s not because my brother is uncomfortable. “It’s not something I feel uncomfortable about.”

“…hmm.”

Liu Qingyu seemed to be looking at me as he walked down and answered easily.

“okay.”

“No it’s not a lie… it’s the truth.”

“I said I understood. thank you.”

I don’t think I understood a thing.

I kicked a stone that caught my foot.

“That’s not the case so I hope my brother doesn’t have a strange feeling of debt.”

“…!”

Isn’t it an easy decision to invite a coworker over the holidays?

If he were a normal person he would probably have suggested going to the houses of people of the same age who seemed very friendly.

‘Instead of explaining your house in detail like this.’

But the reason he does this… it means that this guy has the thought of ‘I have to be nice to Park Moon-dae’ firmly embedded in his head.

And there must be one reason.

“I was not injured in the accident on behalf of my brother. “I just had really bad luck.”

I got hit by a rebar instead of this guy in the car.

Liu Qingyu was silent for a moment but then answered firmly.

“no.”

“That’s right. Due to the seat location…”

“Mundae I have eyes too. I saw you pushing me… You almost died from that. And I don’t know what the aftereffects will be.”

Liu Chengwu continued speaking without hesitation.

“I quit my job because of the aftereffects of a car accident. “I heard it wasn’t like I almost died.”

“…”

Yeah I saw that too.

I reflexively recalled the scene of the guy’s accident that I saw on ‘Truth Confirmation’.

The guy who was crying with a broken arm.

‘…Maybe that affected me too.’

It’s true up to that point.

I listened to him quietly as I processed the next scene of Liu Chengwu’s accident in my head.

“And you… your physical strength has already decreased due to the aftereffects. “In the past I wouldn’t have felt so out of breath climbing something like this.”

“…”

“I guess being seriously injured and lying down for so long affected my condition.”

Nope.

Hey that’s because I don’t have Bacchus.

‘I’ll draw you again in the next lottery you bastard.’

And there will be no other side effects from using nectar. I recovered at an incredible speed but what?

It’s just a problem that will end if I bulk up a bit.

‘I’m breaking into a cold sweat.’

However Ryu Cheong-woo a civilian who did not know the setting of this web novel was holding his brow.

“It’s as if that happened instead of me. “But how could I not be sorry?”

“…”

okay. Anyway Ryu Cheong-woo had to quit archery due to the aftereffects of a car accident and went through a difficult time so I guess he felt a huge debt of debt to me who took the blame for him.

“Whoa.”

Well I don’t think accidentally putting a belly button on a rebar will work anymore.

I thought for a moment and then opened my mouth.

“is it so. “Then let’s say I saved my brother’s life.”

“…!”

“You can continue to thank me a lot. “I will call you without hesitation if I need you so please make sure to repay me.”

I think it would be more uncomfortable to tell him not to be thankful so let’s just use it until he feels less sorry.

“Oh it’s okay because I’ll cover my physical strength with exercise.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu stopped walking with a dumbfounded look on his face for a moment. I guess I didn’t know that this change in attitude would happen so quickly.

But in the end I burst out laughing.

“…haha!”

Don’t laugh. It’s affectionate.

I heard Liu Chengwu speaking refreshingly.

“Okay I’ll repay you.”

“yes.”

The air became a little lighter. I shrugged.

And as he continued his descent he added another word.

“But I won’t be going to my brother’s house for the holidays. “I’m going to the house that won’t interest me the most.”

“Okay rest well.”

I shrugged my shoulders when I saw Liu Chengwu answering clearly.

okay. If you must go to someone else’s house go to the quietest place.

Of course the exact opposite of the quiet holiday vacation I was hoping for was happening outside of where this entertainment show aired.

* * *

– Absolutely awesome!! Testa is the best!

“…thank you.”

I received a phone call from the production team making a fuss.

And I completely understand why they make a fuss.

‘The program went better than I expected.’

The viewer rating report card for episode 3 came out to 6.1%.

‘Idol entertainment shows on cable are outside the standard.’

It was a figure as high as CVN’s flagship regular entertainment show.

I later got a PPL for the frozen chicken I ate on the island and it was obvious how good the response was as sales of that also skyrocketed.

The voices of the production team who were unable to revive the article and found it to be a huge success could not have been so bright.

-We really want to do season 2!

“Good.”

Of course the higher-ups inside the broadcasting station would also be smiling brightly.

From what I heard there is even talk of getting rid of the pilot program for the next generation after ours and organizing a behind-the-scenes special instead.

‘Well it’s a lot of coincidence that I was lucky in filming.’

It must have been exciting and fun because there were a lot of accidents and it was unpredictable. Honestly it will be difficult to bring back that taste so next season… I don’t know.

‘Still let’s just say something nice.’

The production team kept their promise.

As soon as the distress time was over we spent all the remaining production costs and created a luxurious vacation.

At that time there would be three snow crabs per person. Well Cha Yu-jin has five.

“We would like to appear again if our schedule allows. “It was really fun.”

-Ah~ Thank you. Mr. Moon Dae!

This should be enough. That’s where I ended the conversation with the PD who was excited and called all the members.

“Are you a PD?”

“yes.”

“They keep calling.”

Bae Se-jin grumbled. I shrugged.

“I see you are in a good mood. “Because the program is going well.”

“That’s… right.”

Bae Se-jin muttered darkly.

“…even though it all came out.”

“…”

okay. There really wasn’t any special comedian.

Bae Se-jin and I were silent in the car for a while remembering how the stupid things we did in episodes 2 and 3 were highlighted one by one on the broadcast.

‘I’m afraid of fan signing events… ’

The silence was broken a moment later by words coming from the steering wheel.

“Sejin you are here right?”

“Oh yes! “This apartment.”

It was an instant for Bae Se-jin to regain his complexion after looking at the navigation screen.

‘Are those who don’t take out a loan the power of an apartment?’

Probably so.

“It’s on the top floor over there!”

Bae Se-jin said with a slightly flushed face.

“I heard your mother was at home.”

“yes.”

That’s right.

I decided to spend this holiday at Bae Se-jin’s house.

I heard that he wasn’t going anywhere and was planning to quietly spend time with his mother.

The cause was good too.

-You can come here thinking it’s those houses!

-Of course.

-…?!

-Thank you for the invitation.

The story is that Bae Se-jin robbed the base like that.

‘I’m sorry if those words were empty.’

Just in case I bought some expensive fruit and meat.

If anything happens I’ll just stay for a day or two and leave for show so it’ll be okay.

“Welcome~ This is Mundae!”

“hello.”

“Come in come in~”

Bae Se-jin’s mother was a bright person with a soft expression.

“Did I just watch your entertainment show again? Wow our babies have worked really hard…”

okay. Bae Se-jin must have been an only child but it wasn’t very pleasant to see his only child go to an island and suffer…

“But it was so much fun!”

“…Um yeah.”

Well I’m glad it gave you some enjoyment.

Anyway as expected Bae Se-jin seemed to be quite at peace with her mother.

“The gatehouse is really tall. “My child has been talking about liberal arts school a lot since the program came out.”

“When will I be mine?”

“Why do you say I have a younger brother who is really good at singing?”

“Ugh!”

Bae Se-jin suffered from shame and sank. Bae Se-jin’s mother laughed and hugged her son tightly.

“…”

Well it’s a nice looking hat.

After a while Bae Se-jin recovered from the shock and stood up shakily after being patted on the back by her mother.

“…I’ll show you the room.”

“yes. thank you.”

Let’s not make fun of it.

I was quietly introduced to the room I would be staying in and while I was there I started looking around the house.

“I chose the wallpaper. sky blue.”

“It’s nice to see. “It’s neat.”

“…It’s pretty good. Oh if we do this for this cabinet here too!”

“oh.”

Perhaps because he was very proud of the house he had built Bae Se-jin also came to life completely in the latter half of the year.

And after spending some time eating the fruit I bought it was dinner.

“thank you for this food.”

“I don’t prepare much but I eat a lot~”

Dinner was mung bean pancake and bulgogi japchae.

Bae Se-jin who was worried that his mother would prepare it alone entrusted delivery to a restaurant in advance.

‘It feels like a holiday.’

Anyway I can’t deny that it was a really good time.

“I…!”

“Okay give me the bowl.”

I cleaned the rice bowl and robbed Bae Se-jin to wash the dishes.

And only after a while did I return to my room.

widely.

“after.”

I sat down on the bed and crossed my arms.

Since I have places to contact here and there I said I would be alone until night so I have plenty of time to spare.

“Status window.”

It’s time.

It’s high time to press ‘Check the truth’.
