---
title: "Chapter 252"
category: "book"
index: 251
section: "Chapter 252"
slug: "252"
---

# Chapter 252

※caution※

This episode deals with topics about depression and death.

In fact there is more time left until the Maginot Line when ‘confirmation of the truth’ must be reached. Because the status ailment countdown hasn’t ended yet.

However the problem is that there is no time to leisurely look at this until after the Chuseok holiday.

‘After preparing the new album it’s time to prepare for the end of the year.’

In order to show that the group’s ability to promote albums was intact the end of the year could not be wasted. There is no time to use the side effects of ‘confirming the truth’.

‘I don’t know what will happen but… I can’t miss the right time.’

I made the most reasonable judgment based on the assumption that I could continue this activity.

…If I go back to my original body I might regret trying for a few more months but for now… let’s not think about that.

Because we agreed to first consider a future where we can continue this.

I exhaled.

‘I’m going.’

[Check the truth’ 〈- click!]

I clicked on the words in the pop-up window.

Sweet.

As expected the vision disappeared.

And my consciousness sank as if I was being sucked down.

* * *

“Twenty years old.”

“…yes yes.”

I am sitting in a familiar restaurant.

This is a regular soup restaurant that I come to quite often after I started studying for the civil service exam. This is because it was cost-effective and easy to eat alone.

However I was not alone now.

Right now across from me a child with a sad complexion is sitting and making soup.

I was going to report him because he was lying dead in front of the motel next door without a coat so I came to give him some food.

‘Useless nonsense.’

A guy who was busy taking care of his own life seemed like he was doing all sorts of things but there was nothing he could do about what he had already done.

I sighed. The guy sitting in front of me flinched and spoke in a hushed voice.

“I… I don’t have money.”

“…”

Would you have thought to ask for it after looking at your condition?

“You bought it while I was eating so eat it all.”

“…thank you.”

You’re acting like a criminal for getting a meal that costs less than 10000 won. Maybe it’s because I don’t look like I’m going to buy anything for anyone.

I took a moment to check my reflection in the mirror next to the cash register.

He is a civil service exam student wearing only a robe a hat and glasses. Still the limbs look fine.

It means that things seem better than the guy in front of me.

‘hmm.’

I glanced at the guy picking up the radish radish.

He’s 20 years old so he probably didn’t run away from home… He’s just like me but he probably didn’t go to college.

“Is there anyone I can contact?”

“…”

“What about part-time work?”

“…because it was cut.”

I pretty much know what happened. I took a spoon and scooped up a spoonful of soup.

And said\:

“Go first from the community center.”

“yes…?”

“The Administrative Welfare Center. First check if there are basic living supply conditions there. If that happens you will get money every month. Even if it’s not that there’s probably something worth taking care of so be persistent and ask about anything.”

I just continued to recite the method to him and continued eating. The child across from me seemed embarrassed but did not object.

‘It must be uncomfortable.’

At that age it was worth it. I quickly drank the remaining soup and got up.

“Then I’m going. “Eat and go.”

If you have an idea I’ll go.

“Now wait a minute!”

However while I was putting on my padding I heard a panicking call.

And the trembling voice.

“Hey… thank you and I’m sorry.”

“…”

I paused for a moment and blurted out something without realizing it.

“Have you ever worked part-time at a meat restaurant?”

“yes? “I’ve never tried it…”

Actually it is difficult for a minor to work part-time at a meat restaurant. Unless they are relatives they are usually not accepted well.

I crossed out the top of the candidates and pulled out the next one.

“I’ll introduce you to a part-time job at a convenience store so contact there. They say a former part-timer told them about it. “I’ll give you my number.”

The owner of the meat restaurant was the weakest in the story but the convenience store owner was also a person who knew how to maintain business ethics so it would be okay.

However the person on the other side looks even more embarrassed.

“Because I don’t have a phone…”

“…”

I held back a sigh looked through my smartphone and wrote down my number and the convenience store owner’s number on a piece of tissue paper.

“Get a deposit and get a free phone. “Because I can’t work without it.”

“…”

“Take it.”

The guy took the tissue with a blank face.

And he muttered without raising his head.

“Thank you… I really appreciate it.”

“…”

He probably looked like he was crying.

I just turned my head away. And it was the moment when I was about to leave.

“That name is…”

Yes since we’ve come to this point it’s probably right to make a clear statement.

“…Ryu Geon-woo.”

okay. You’re really good at this Ryu Geon-woo.

Look at how you are wasting your time and thoughts by projecting your situation onto a child you just met.

“What is your name?”

The young guy across from me raised his head and answered quite bravely.

“This is Park Mun-dae.”

It was an unusual name.

I nodded and left the store this time. To escape from this strange situation.

After that I occasionally contacted this guy named ‘Park Moon-dae’.

[I don’t know if you remember but this is Park Moon-dae the person who got the meal. Thank you for introducing the convenience store.]

Like receiving a text message offering to buy me food after receiving my first convenience store job stipend.

But we haven’t met much. There is no reason to meet and it is difficult to take care of my life.

This guy said he would pay me back but I don’t have any expectations. Other than one meal I didn’t do anything for you.

It was okay to just meet up and have a meal once in a while. I guess this is okay because I always feel like my social skills are ruined by not meeting anyone and just reading books.

But separately my report card was not good.

“Are you crazy?”

I never thought I would fail the interview. I even thought I saw it objectively well.

‘You sound like blinds you bastards.’

There is no indicator to guess other than the fact that he received a minus in his family affairs.

‘You covered that damn family situation well too.’

It worked well during the professor interview too.

Normally it would be a plus but it looks like I didn’t have much luck with the interviewer this year.

“…after.”

I lay down on the mattress. I feel like my brain is broken.

‘Shall we have a drink?’

Other than that there was nothing special to do.

After three years of civil service examination and failing that damn interview I drank alone…

The next morning.

I gave up.

“Let’s break it off.”

The reason was simple. I ran out of all the money I earned.

From the beginning I tried to only go this far with the plan. Once in the second year and once in the third year.

I wonder if Datapal could pay for it if it jumped even further… but considering my age it was safer to get a job.

‘It was initially prepared for employment security but the purpose and means should not be reversed.’

Because I wanted to have a job that would give me work and pay even if something terrible happened and in the worst case scenario I wouldn’t starve to death.

“…”

I thought about lowering the water supply for a while but held off because that would also incur new costs.

‘When I’m 29 I’ll catch the last train.’

I got a job at a decent mid-sized company that year.

And I thought I adapted quite well but… I don’t know.

“You just have to do it by tomorrow.”

“yes.”

I wonder if I’ve exhausted all my mental power in just 29 years of life or am I just a social misfit?

I often thought about this on the bus on the way home from work after working overtime.

“…”

It just didn’t taste good.

I was unimpressed.

Life was one-sided and tiring.

Nothing particularly bad but nothing good either.

Surviving at the company itself wasn’t a big problem but office politics was also boring. Even promotion doesn’t give me much inspiration.

‘I don’t think this is a typical case.’

What is the meaning of the helplessness that seems to have accumulated throughout this life?

I briefly thought about psychiatric counseling but it was a no-brainer. Is there anything that needs to be cut?

I thought about changing jobs but I wasn’t very motivated. First of all this company didn’t give me time to prepare for a job change.

“…”

Even after thinking about it for some time I couldn’t come up with any particular answer.

Is there anything else I can do that interests me other than having a drink every now and then?

There was something that came to mind.

picture?

‘It’s too much.’

It was a very expensive hobby. I don’t have the time or money for that.

However making money as a data seller is not a sustainable job and is not something you should do after quitting your job. There were numerous cases where the investment did not pay off.

“hmm.”

I ordered rope and painkillers online from my studio apartment. It was interesting for a moment.

Still I thought about it for several weeks. Because it’s not an easy decision.

However even after going through that process it ended up not being very good on the last weekend night.

Immediately after the implementation I had a brief thought while kicking the chair.

‘Was this depression?’

But that thought did not last long.

I’m out of breath…

* * *

“Huh.”

I stood up like I was jumping out of bed. And then he brought his hand to his throat.

‘Breath… ’

It was fine.

“under.”

I draped my upper body over the head of the bed. My pajamas were soaked with sweat.

What I just experienced… or is this really what I experienced?

Until now it was a form of checking other people’s memories but this is…

‘That’s me?’

This was an experience that felt like I was ‘recalling’ a memory.

But the problem is I don’t remember doing that at all!

My last memory is failing my civil service exam and falling asleep while drinking. I have no memory of getting a job after that or even that crazy suicide attempt.

Besides once…

‘I’ve never met ‘Park Moon-dae’.’

From this first scene things are different.

If I had done such a foolish and costly act there was no way I would have forgotten it.

However this was the first time I saw him in the body of ‘Park Moon-dae’.

Plus the time zone was strange.

“Park Moon-dae is not dead.”

Apparently in the first ‘truth check’ I saw Park Moon-dae made an extreme attempt with sleeping pills at that motel…

At that moment a strange realization came to my mind like a flash.

An attempt is just an attempt.

‘Couldn’t Park Moon-dae be dead?’

Let’s think about it.

Park Moon-dae bought a sleeping pill without a prescription… that is he just bought a sleep-inducing drug at a pharmacy.

‘Can a person die from a drug without a prescription?’

When I started to doubt it became clear. When I searched it on my smartphone it turned out that no matter how much I consumed it at most I would suffer side effects and not die.

Then if you combine the seasons and dates seen in this ‘Truth Check’…

‘Park Moon-dae met me right after he attempted suicide.’

The guy who was in a daze in front of the motel.

That was… the back and forth was correct.

“…”

And if this guess is correct it also means that I came into the body of Park Moon-dae who did not die.

“Then where on earth did you go?”

But there was no answer. It’s never happened before and it can’t possibly happen.

I called up the status window and asked.

‘Are you Park Mun-dae by any chance?’

However there was no response in the status window. Instead only strange words appeared.

[-Settlement in progress-]

I don’t know what the fuck they’re talking about but anyway there was no sign of revealing Park Moon-dae’s whereabouts.

No it’s not just Park Moon-dae’s whereabouts that are important. What is the meaning of this crazy thing I just saw?

Did I really say that?

‘I’ve never thought of myself as that crazy.’

But even if I did it why on earth did the memory disappear? Is 29 years old an idol’s Maginot Line?

“I’m going crazy.”

I laugh out loud.

I’d rather not know if it was Park Mun-dae. In the first place there is no ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ here so there is no room to explore anything.

As soon as I first entered Park Moon-dae’s body I looked through my cell phone number social media and university but there was no account…

‘…for a moment.’

The data I took remained.

I ran my fingers through my hair.

So… what if we change the proposition to ‘Did Ryu Geon-woo exist here in the past?’

There is a way to find out even if there are traces of it.

-Yes it is Mundae. If it’s okay… How about going to the members’ houses instead of the dorm during this Chuseok holiday? Oh my house is okay too.

Liu Chengwu’s house.

There is a possibility that traces of me and my parents remain whether in a family travel album or a video.

“…”

dripping.

At that time a knock was heard outside the door.

“Park Moon-dae? Are you okay??”

This is Bae Se-jin. Did you hear me talking to myself?

“…yes. “I got a rat for a moment…”

“Oh can I at least give you that massager?”

“it’s okay. It’s resolved. wait a minute.”

I got up and changed my clothes.

When I opened the door Bae Se-jin who was sitting at the kitchen table looked delighted and then paused.

“Your clothes…”

“yes.”

I dressed in street clothes nodded.

“I’ll go out for a moment. “Because I have someone to meet.”

I’ll have to check it out.

* * *

It was a particularly peaceful first day of the holiday.

“Kam come here.”

“king!”

Liu Chengwu placed the black toy poodle that was running towards him on the sofa. The smell of rice cakes and the sound of holiday special programs on TV brightened the mood.

However since it wasn’t my grandfather’s house full of people the feeling was relatively soft.

“Oppa I’m going!!”

“Okay have a nice trip.”

“Miss come a little late!”

“Haha of course.”

The younger brother left the house grumbling about not being able to get a big meal from his older brother who came home after a long time. Liu Chengwu smiled and saw his younger brother off.

Although we were a family with only four dogs we did not feel empty. Warm words were exchanged.

“So how are your younger siblings who are with you?”

“They’re still good kids. Nice and…”

Ryu Cheong-woo who had thought of inadvertently putting Bae Se-jin in the younger group hastily promoted Bae Se-jin to the same age group.

Then I thought of a member who seemed quite mature even though he was my younger brother.

“Yes they are good kids so my son wanted to invite them to our house for the holidays~”

“ha ha ha.”

At that moment my parents brought up the story.

The most mature younger brother. These are Ryu Cheong-woo’s words about inviting Park Moon-dae to this house for the holidays.

Of course my parents readily agreed to this idea but did not welcome it enthusiastically.

Even if you are Liu Chengwu’s close younger brother it is not comfortable for strangers who are not family members to be at home during the holidays.

‘Well I guess it would have been better if Sejin went home.’

Ryu Cheong-woo reflected that he may have felt uncomfortable because Park Moon-dae was quick-witted.

‘I’m sure you’ll be fine.’

Ryu Cheong-woo posted a picture of a dog in Testa’s group message area and saw all kinds of holiday food posted in response.

“Everyone is doing well.”

It seemed like a peaceful day passed by like that.

But that evening. The time zone just before turning into night.

Ding dong-

Someone rang the doorbell. And the figure outside the door doesn’t leave whether it’s a delivery or not.

“I will see.”

“I understand son~”

Liu Chengwu got up from the sofa.

‘Are you a stalker?’

Liu Qingyu had a somewhat negative premonition and immediately checked who was standing.

“…!”

An unexpected person was standing outside the intercom.

Liu Chengwu immediately opened the door.

“…Mundae?”

“Yes brother.”

As he said Park Mun-dae was standing in front of the gate.

Without any warning. However not with calm eyes like usual but with colorful eyes.

“Like I said I came to have fun. Can I come in?”

Liu Qingwu somehow felt creepy.
