---
title: "Chapter 253"
category: "book"
index: 252
section: "Chapter 253"
slug: "253"
---

# Chapter 253

Park Moon-dae came to my front door without warning at 9pm on the first day of the holiday break.

It was a situation Liu Chengwu had never imagined.

‘I posted it in the group room saying you can come and hang out but… ’

It was just a joke saying the food was delicious.

However it was very strange that the person who had flatly rejected his offer to spend the holiday with him suddenly appeared in the middle of the night without prior contact.

‘Is that also Park Mundae?’

Isn’t he the younger brother who is cool-headed has good judgment of the situation and is well-versed in self-interest?

But now Park Moon-dae standing outside in the dark…

“brother.”

“…Oh sorry. okay.”

Ryu Cheong-wu paused for a moment and then moved his feet to make way for Park Mun-dae to enter the house.

In any case I couldn’t leave him standing outside at night.

However an unknown reason made my body tense.

‘what?’

Park Moon-dae’s calm voice was heard.

“I’m trying to wash my hands.”

“…over there.”

Liu Chengyu thought as he showed me the bathroom. I think we should talk calmly when Park Moon-dae comes back from washing up.

‘Let’s tell our parents in advance.’

By now you must have guessed from the voices coming and going that the visitor was an acquaintance of yours.

And Liu Chengwu tried to close the door but…

I faced the embarrassed face of Bae Se-jin who was following behind Park Moon-dae.

“…??”

Why are you out there?

“Hello.”

“That’s right. hi.”

Bae Se-jin quietly lifted the fruit.

“This… is an apple.”

“Oh thank you.”

Liu Qingyu hurriedly accepted the fruit. The strange tension had disappeared.

‘hmm.’

He then asked.

“I’m glad you came to visit. But you two… for what reason?”

“…I just followed Park Moon-dae.”

Bae Se-jin glanced toward the bathroom where Park Moon-dae was entering.

“I said I was going to your house but it was a little… something. curious.”

‘I followed because I had a strange feeling.’

Ryu Cheong-woo asked while reading Bae Se-jin’s worries.

“Have you ever heard why you want to come?”

“doesn’t exist. Um but…”

Bae Se-jin whispered softly to Ryu Cheong-woo.

“I think I remember something.”

“…!”

“You suddenly remembered that every time you were sleeping. until now.”

Liu Chengwu immediately recalled what happened in the United States last summer.

-In the face of fear and pain… people tend to get a little angry and blame others but that’s okay.

That’s what I said to Park Moon-dae who finally revealed my true feelings after drinking.

Later as he noticed the symptoms of Park Moon-dae’s alcoholism Ryu Cheong-woo secretly regretted his approach back then.

‘Wasn’t there another way?’

Anyway it was a separate and shocking experience.

Wouldn’t anyone have felt the same way when their calm and clear-headed younger brother suddenly became unable to control his rejection of me and became painful?

It was even worse if my previous memories were blurry and then suddenly came back and I knew that it had happened.

‘Is it… a similar feeling?’

Ryu Cheong-woo felt a sense of déjà vu due to the strange tension he felt from Park Moon-dae whom he had seen earlier.

So I mentally prepared myself but when I saw Park Moon-dae coming out of the bathroom I changed my mind.

“Brother I have a question.”

There was no sign of rejection towards Ryu Cheong-woo on Park Moon-dae’s face.

It just seemed like the right way to describe it was that my eyes rolled over.

‘this.’

Ryu Cheong-woo quickly exchanged glances with Bae Se-jin.

“Well first… shall we first say hello to my parents and then have a chat?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin hurriedly washed his hands and came out to sit next to Park Moon-dae. And Liu Chengwu introduced the two to their parents.

For some reason I felt like I was breaking into a cold sweat.

“Here… they are my younger brothers and they came to play with fruit for a while.”

“oh!”

“Welcome~”

The parents seemed a little surprised but welcomed them anyway.

“hello.”

“…hello!”

The two greeted each other politely but Ryu Cheong-woo checked Park Moon-dae’s eyes just in case.

And then I found Park Moon-dae with his sad eyes.

‘Why… like that?’

It was because it wasn’t the target.

Ryu Cheong-woo became more confused but anyway he sat Park Moon-dae and Bae Se-jin in the living room.

Kkam-i came running and sat on Park Moon-dae’s lap and Park Moon-dae skillfully scratched the black dog’s ears and said

“brother.”

“That’s right.”

Park Moon-dae’s eyes shone brightly again.

“You said you would reward my hard work.”

“…I did.”

That kind of… I don’t think it was a good choice of words but Liu Chengwu answered honestly anyway. Next to him Bae Se-jin’s pupils are shaking.

“I have a favor to ask you to listen to.”

Park Moon-dae spoke quickly without any facial expression.

“I’d like to see some pictures of you when you were younger.”

“…??”

A word came out that I had never even thought of.

“No if possible video. “Isn’t there a record that includes the times of a large close-knit family?”

Liu Chengwu asked an obvious question.

“Why that?”

“Just like that.”

It was an invincible answer.

Bae Se-jin shouted from behind.

‘Remember when I was young!’

“…!”

okay. You may want to catch clues related to memories from your childhood and be stimulated by seeing similar scenes.

‘Was I the closest to Sejin’s?’

Liu Chengwu thought vaguely and smiled. It was a smile of relief that he had roughly guessed the situation.

“Okay then shall we take out what we have?”

“yes. please.”

Liu Chengwu quickly went to the living room and took out the album and video.

And what I saw on the way back was Park Moon-dae who was mechanically stroking Kkam-gi brilliantly and Bae Se-jin who was nervous.

“…”

Ryu Cheong-woo thought for a moment but decided to take into account that although Park Moon-dae may be a bit dazed he is not as shocked as last time.

“Do you want to look at this album first?”

“It would be nice to watch the video while looking at the album. Also if possible I would like to see my brother when he was in the lower grades of elementary school. Would that be okay?”

Seeing that the request was specific and the age range was accurate Ryu Cheong-woo also thought that Bae Se-jin’s guess might actually be correct.

“Haha yeah.”

Liu Chengwu relaxed slightly and played the video. A picture of myself as a child was shown on TV.

[Cheongwoo~ Wave your hand here!]

My younger self with a shy face appeared on the screen. At the same time Liu Chengwu himself was a little embarrassed.

It was probably Chuseok at this time as well and I remembered that all of my relatives rented a car and went to have fun together.

“…What grade are you in? “You’re tall.”

“Probably second grade.”

A slight sense of defeat appeared on Bae Se-jin’s expression but Ryu Cheong-woo did not notice.

This is because Park Moon-dae was scratching the dog’s chin next to him.

“also.”

“…?”

Anyway the three people who sat like that watched the album and video and talked about various things.

My parents gave me happy looks as they walked up and down the hallway but they also seemed a little burdened. ‘Why do you have to show it?’

Perhaps it was because he became defensive towards others after being harassed by all kinds of media after retiring due to injury.

Liu Chengyu smiled bitterly with a faint sense of guilt.

‘Still I have to tell you that Mundae saved my life.’

I was originally going to tell you if Park Moon-dae was coming for the holidays.

Liu Chengyu thought so and continued watching the video. The atmosphere wasn’t bad.

[Wow!]

Home video has been replaced again.

Bae Se-jin sees the puppy on her lap and doesn’t know what to do.

‘It wasn’t a big deal.’

Should we just sit like this and talk for a while before heading back?

Although late-night snacks are not good for the body Ryu Cheong-wu thought that since it was a holiday he should feed them something healthy.

It was then.

Park Mun-dae who was sitting next to me suddenly stood up.

“…!!”

“for a moment.”

Park Mun-dae picked up the remote control and stopped the video.

And then walked towards the TV screen.

With a somewhat confident face.

* * *

‘grow.’

I knew it as soon as I saw it.

The guy sitting on the corner of the pension sofa in the screen holding a book and making a sad face… was Ryu Geon-woo.

“…”

Somehow the tension eases.

I feel like blood is rushing to my head. It was cool.

‘It was here too.’

This video is still in its early stages. I don’t know if my parents will be able to see it if I turn it a little further… but let’s be patient for now.

I picked up my smartphone and took that cut.

Click.

At that point Bae Se-jin asked with a puzzled look on his face.

“Is that… someone you know?”

“…”

right.

I was so anxious right now that I forgot to make an excuse.

‘Is my brain rotten?’

I clicked my tongue and answered.

“I know this person but I have been indebted to him before.”

“ah…”

The longer an excuse is made the more it seems like an excuse. As I answered quickly I remembered the scene where I bought food from ‘Park Moon-dae’ and these words came out naturally.

Bae Se-jin was pleased.

“Then did you come because you remembered this person?”

“yes?… yes.”

It creates a story on its own. thanks.

I followed up the clues and fleshed them out.

“His name is Ryu Geon-woo so I was wondering if he was related to Cheong-woo. “There aren’t many Ryu’s.”

“I see… hmm. Looking at it like this I think they look a bit similar.”

Is that so?

Anyway the poor excuse that the names were similar seemed to have worked thanks to the appearance and Ryu Cheong-wu nodded his head.

And he spoke kindly.

“Should I ask my parents? “Do you know any relatives?”

“…Thank you.”

To be honest I don’t think I would know since we are such distant relatives and have only seen each other once every few years but it wouldn’t be a bad idea to try.

‘If it’s like this but I’m already in the afterlife due to an accident in middle school… ’

I was a little dizzy as to what misunderstanding I might get but I decided to press on. There’s nothing left to do when it’s like this.

And the answer I expected came from my parents.

The phrase ‘I don’t remember very well’.

“Uhm…”

It’s not me who’s in trouble but these two guys are worried.

However Amnesia has an outstanding impact.

There was even a suggestion like this.

“You can ask at the door. “I think I can look it up since I know their age and name.”

“…! “Then… thank you.”

“Thank you for this.”

Liu Chengyu called with a smile and after a few words he gave quite positive news.

“They said they would look into it quickly and tell you.”

“It’s the holidays so I’m thankful.”

“Haha I’ll tell you that too.”

In this way ‘Tracing Ryu Geon-woo’s traces’ ended quite successfully.

And the only conversation topic left was dogs.

Bae Se-jin asked quietly.

“…Is that the end?”

“Of course.”

Bae Se-jin is probably worried that her mother is home alone.

I’m just surprised that they followed me even though I didn’t ask for it. Of course earlier I didn’t even care whether they came or not.

“Don’t worry I’ll tell you over the phone.”

Ryu Cheong-woo also euphemistically expressed his intention to ‘go back.’

After saying hello to Ryu Cheong-woo’s parents one more time we returned home together to Bae Se-jin’s house.

Of course I didn’t forget to say hello.

“Thank you for bringing me fruit.”

“I bought it while I was living it…!”

It sounds like you’re quite proud of yourself for saying that.

Anyway now that I’ve received some help to avoid being labeled as one of those people who don’t have a clue I’m planning on making some holiday food tomorrow.

“after.”

So I changed back into my pajamas and lay down on the bed.

However I couldn’t sleep well perhaps because of the sight I saw to ‘confirm the truth’.

“…”

Let’s hit the fuck out. Anyway I don’t remember that so what am I thinking about now? There is no answer.

I shook off my thoughts and called someone who could take my place.

“Status window.”

Well it seems like the ‘settlement in progress’ thing is still floating around…

Puff buff bub bung!

“…!!”

Suddenly pollen exploded in front of my eyes.

The holographic pollen came out of the pop-up and scattered beautifully scattering over the bed.

And the status window flashed with rainbow light in an ecstatic way.

[great success!]

User\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo) succeeded in removing all status abnormalities!

Reward\: Permanent status window title

[Create title!]

\: Successful person (idol)

I hope you have a sweet life.

“…”

what?
