---
title: "Chapter 254"
category: "book"
index: 253
section: "Chapter 254"
slug: "254"
---

# Chapter 254

Glitter and pollen are still falling from the pop-up in front of you.

But no matter how surreal the scene was the content inside the pop-up was the problem. This is the end?

‘what’s this.’

It feels like I got hit in the back of the head.

Of course I wanted to stop doing this crazy thing where I was threatened with sudden death if I didn’t become an idol after giving it a year.

But this way this timing… are you kidding me?

“What the fuck are you doing?”

He showed his friendship with ‘Park Moon-dae’ which he had no recollection of and his life after failing the civil service exam which he had no recollection of and even committed an insane act at the end.

They are ending it arbitrarily without any explanation or process as if they are cutting it off.

“Then why did you show it?”

If it hadn’t been for that damn ‘truth check’ wouldn’t I have been able to accept my success happily and continue living?

Well ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ has already given up on life once so don’t worry about that life?

Park Mun-dae should I just live a good life?

“Then where did the original guy go?”

Where on earth did Park Moon-dae go? And what is ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ in the video of Ryu Cheong-woo that I checked?

It’s ‘confirmation of the truth’ and nothing has become clear. And I didn’t understand anything.

However there was no change in the pop-up.

“…after.”

okay.

Instead of stupidly yelling at the hologram first understand the situation.

I took a deep breath and looked at the contents of the pop-up in more detail.

First of all let’s start with the first title that pops up.

[Title\: Successful One (Idol)]

-You succeeded.

\: Permanent removal of status abnormalities

“…”

What I meant was that I wouldn’t make people go crazy because of a ‘status abnormality’ suddenly appearing again.

However the person who guarantees this cannot be trusted very much as it is a system that causes the ‘status abnormality’. pass.

And… one other thing besides the title in the rewards tab.

[Permanent status window]

This means that in the future I will be able to check my status and the status of others by statizing them.

“…hmm.”

I crossed my arms.

After seeing this far my head cooled again.

Because it was strange.

‘Aren’t I at too much of an advantage?’

There was nothing bad about me. There will never be a skill this useful in the industry. It’s a winning ability that won’t fail even if you start an entertainment agency.

Oh… leave me a supernatural reward and be done with it.

Without any prior notice?

“…”

I was so angry that I tried to cut off the service or something but this… seems closer to the end of the service rather than a cut-off.

This system is just a burden since I have finished all the status issues I was assigned.

There is no reason to explain my curiosity or the cause of this situation.

“…Damn.”

I don’t know.

I looked at the pop-up in despair and then just lay down.

Okay fuck anyway the status abnormality is graduation. What a good thing it is that even if you live as you please there is no longer any chance of sudden death.

Even if I tried to think like that the bitter aftertaste did not go away.

I was able to fall asleep only after some time had passed.

The damn congratulatory pop-up stayed up until morning.

* * *

Since my head was busy it was easier to move my hands.

“It’s okay!”

“I’m fine too.”

I made seafood and green onion pancakes and donggeurangttang. And I even made seasoned ribs which I didn’t plan on doing. Among the meat I bought there happened to be raw ribs.

The owner mother and son were restless but after tasting it their mood subsided.

“Does it taste good?”

“…huh.”

“It’s really delicious but oh well for the customers…”

Because you are a guest.

Now that I think about it unlike Bae Se-jin I have never purchased any real estate other than a lodging.

The other members have their own houses so there is no need to buy them but now… I might have to go look at the houses. Because I have to continue living in this body.

However even though I thought it was a reasonable plan I was not very interested in it.

‘I’m going crazy.’

It’s even more surprising knowing that it sounds like you’re full.

“Thank you I enjoyed it.”

“Don’t even think about doing the dishes just watch TV~”

Still the meal was okay. It was also suitable for a holiday meal.

And while I was watching TV blankly my smartphone rang.

[Brother Ryu Cheong-woo]

“…!”

I said I would find out about ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ in the family.

‘It’s fast.’

I got a call right away.

“brother.”

-Oh it’s Mundae. I received it quickly.

Behind Liu Chengyu’s voice the faint sound of a dog barking could be heard.

Of course that doesn’t matter. What is important is the main point of the phone call.

-I’m talking about the person you saw called ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.

“yes.”

-Well we haven’t had any particular contact since college.

“…”

oh.

Ryu Cheong-woo said he was sorry for not being able to provide contact information but it was already a big enough clue.

‘So this means that ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ went to college at least.’

I crossed my arms.

This… is true to what I originally did.

After high school when I was dependent on some relatives I stopped going here altogether. Even if I try to contact you I only end up with useless thoughts.

“okay. “Thank you for letting us know.”

-It’s a bit disappointing isn’t it?

“no. Still it’s refreshing to know that this is a real person. “Thank you for noticing.”

-It was just a phone call.

Liu Chengwu added somewhat jokingly.

-I have to do better to repay you for saving my life.

“…”

Yeah well… if you feel comfortable thinking that way.

I gave up on correcting her and just talked about the holidays before hanging up.

And I decided on the next route.

“What are you doing?”

“I want to use my laptop.”

Now I guess I’ll have to approach it from a different direction.

As soon as I entered this body I had already checked all about myself ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.

This means that I verified the various portal site accounts phone numbers and school accounts I used.

So this time we go in the opposite direction.

‘Is there any trace of a dead account not a living one?’

This is to find out the accounts and traces that I may have already deleted or returned to dormancy.

‘The data and videos from the fancam account that I deleted… still remained.’

Videos from ‘gun1234’.

Things like Youngrin’s Rainy Day Legendary fancam.

That’s where it came from.

I immediately turned on the search engine’s advanced search function and adjusted the search date.

To the past.

“…”

After more than two or three hours of searching and browsing.

I came to a conclusion.

‘there is.’

All accounts and records written by ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ in the past remain.

For example things like questions I left in a photography-related cafe when I was a freshman.

Since I don’t like leaving posts or traces on the Internet it took me some time to search but I knew it was there and was sure to find it.

All that is missing are traces of Internet accounts and phone numbers that were alive in real time.

So ‘Ryu Geon-woo’…disappeared from all places including the Internet and the real world starting from the moment I entered the body of ‘Park Moon-dae’.

‘It evaporated.’

That’s right. It was a supernatural evaporation.

“…after.”

I closed the laptop.

And I summarized the story again.

I actually had this assumption from the first time I came into this body.

This is not the world I lived in and there is no Ryu Geon-woo.

But no.

‘It’s the past I lived in.’

This means that this Ryu Geon-woo that I found on the Internet which I saw in Ryu Cheng-wu’s video is me.

So… in the process of returning to the past through an unknown process I became Park Moon-dae instead of Ryu Geon-woo and ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ disappeared.

‘I don’t know why it happened like that… ’

I don’t know. I don’t know the mechanism of why people return to the past in the first place.

At least Cheongryeo who returned to the past before me didn’t know the reason.

“…”

‘Is there no way?’

Should I really just live in a house and prepare to settle down without really knowing anything?

It was when I was staring at my folded laptop with a strange sense of helplessness.

Grumble-.

The smartphone rang. Without thinking I picked it up and checked it.

There were dozens of messages floating around.

‘It’s accumulated quite a bit.’

I’ve only seen it for about three hours. I first checked the new messages in the group message room which was especially active during the holidays.

It was Sun Ah-hyun.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Moon Dae-ya are you doing well? When my parents tried to contact me they said they might feel burdened so I contacted them as their representative.]

Sun Ah-hyun’s long sentence begins like this starting with her holiday greetings and then moving on to the group’s later activities.

It was a story worthy of Sun Ah-hyun.

[I think Moon Dae is a really great person. If you just keep doing what you originally did it will definitely be a good album…]

But this part was somehow stuck.

“Just like I used to do…”

I knew it was just an expression used to say good things but I ended up reading it again for no reason.

Like a clue that something will come to mind…

“…!!”

okay. i get it.

[Thank you for your concern. Have a nice Chuseok and see you at your accommodation.]

I immediately turned off the smartphone screen after checking the reply.

Then I sat down on the bed looked at the wall and thought.

– Just like I used to do.

Forget all other random thoughts.

Stay calm. Let me just combine the knowledge I gained from my experience with this damn status window.

The first is a daydream I experienced while in a coma.

‘The system and status window weren’t working properly.’

-Enjoy your daydream \: ) –

This was the only thing that popped up and it completely failed. Because no achievements were achieved at all.

‘Still… it was possible to draw.’

It may have been because it was a pop-up that was obtained in advance and not deleted.

And now like in that daydream there is no response from the system.

Not a single pop-up that I saved just in case has gone away yet.

[Legendary Trait Draw ☜ Click!]

this.

A raffle obtained by updating performance achievements after completing an online donation concert.

There is just one.

And since I was able to draw in my daydream I already know that I can still do it now.

‘The second is… ’

The point is that this status window that only appears to me is favorable to my success.

Cheongryeo did not have a status window. The old man from the future that Cheongryeo met probably did the same.

I think I’m the only one who has this. I don’t know why.

‘And… what makes this particularly evident is the draw.’

As if they were manipulating probability they always gave me what I needed.

However there are cases where this is not the case.

‘Time of Indulgence and Bacchus were chosen differently.’

After I figured out this ‘need’ mechanism I picked them with intense hope in front of the lottery.

In other words if you desire something specifically and strongly you can receive what you want.

I paid attention to this point.

Pingrrrrrr-

Illustration of a spinning roulette machine.

I hoped.

‘What I want is… ’

It’s one.

‘An effect similar to a status abnormality reward!’

A fanfare erupted from the roulette wheel.

This will probably be the last roulette effect I will ever see.

Khan shines in rainbow colors.

[Attribute\: Acquired ‘Mission Constitution (S)’!]

[Attribute\: Mission Constitution (S)]

-Equivalent exchange for those who take on challenges

\: ‘Mission’ can be performed

Done.

I banged my head against the wall.

And a new pop-up was emerging before my eyes.

[Mission occurs!]

target\: target

Mission Deadline\: D-__

compensation \: ______

Penalty\: ______

I raised my head and saw a hologram.

Perhaps because it is a ‘characteristic’ the degree of freedom is incomparably higher than that of a ‘status abnormality’.

“good.”

I have already met the deadline. 500 days.

[If it exceeds D-365 the penalty is strengthened.]

There are only three months left in this year so are you kidding me by setting a grand prize? next.

‘What’s important is compensation.’

You cannot include anything that is not specific such as ‘truth’ or ‘reason’. Think about being stabbed in the back every time.

However you cannot include anything specific such as ‘an explanation of why and how I came into this body.’ I couldn’t write it because there were too many spaces.

‘That’s funny.’

I smiled and crossed my arms.

In that case I guess we have no choice but to approach it from another direction.

A candidate who can answer questions about all of these situations.

A man whose whereabouts are unknown.

“Conversation with Park Moon-dae.”

What are you going to do?

[Reward\: Conversation with Park Moon-dae]

The item was entered correctly.

And the penalty was automatically filled.

[Penalty\: Delete status window]

“oh.”

Hang a status window?

I deleted the contents of the reward tab for a while and added something like ‘Dance EX’.

The penalty was a decrease in dance stats.

‘After all they ask for equality.’

In that case it means that ‘conversation with Park Moon-dae’ is a reward so strong that it requires ‘deleting the status window’.

“That’s it.”

There is no separate evidence.

I returned the reward to ‘Conversation with Moon-Dae Park’.

When I clicked OK an unfamiliar pop-up appeared.

[Do you want to accept?]

[Y/N]

“okay.”

Take it and let’s go.
