---
title: "Chapter 255"
category: "book"
index: 254
section: "Chapter 255"
slug: "255"
---

# Chapter 255

After accepting a crazy deal where the status window disappears if you don’t win the grand prize within 500 days.

The rest of the holiday went by peacefully.

Actually I went back to my hotel a few days early and tried to conduct a large-scale analysis of global and domestic trends in popular music for my next album but…

When I came to my senses I found myself producing holiday food.

“…?”

“Oh my Mundae makes songpyeon so beautifully~ Our Sejin doesn’t have any special dumplings?”

“mom!”

“…thank you.”

It seems that there is some influence from the fact that everything from ‘confirming the truth’ to missions has been put to shame. I felt like I could do something without even thinking about it.

So I just wrote ‘Testa’s Island Life’ and spent time watching entertainment programs called ‘The Disaster’.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Whoa whoa!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Guys watch your steps!]

“You edited it so spectacularly.”

“…I know.”

The sight of carefully preparing equipment climbing up a hill and receiving supplies via helicopter somehow reminded me of a passionate sporting event or expedition.

And predation given like a reward.

[Yum yum yum]

[Enjoy enjoy testa… ☆]

I actually liked drawing more than just doing healing. Is it because it looks better in contrast to the hard work that went into supplying supplies?

‘The reaction must have been good until the end.’

And when I took a quick look at the internet reaction that was indeed the case.

-I thought it was going to be a fun and entertaining entertainment show but it was surprisingly fulfilling.

-The kids are healing but I am healing them all. Rest well kids.

-I hope this continues on a regular basis. Is it like a reward for escaping from the set in a distress setting?? It’s a format that would have been fun even if it wasn’t a tester haha.

┗If it hadn’t been Testa in the first place filming would have stopped as soon as it was shipwrecked.

┗ㄹㅇHonestly it was only possible because it was a tester. Realism played a part.

┗?? I know you’re a Testa fan but don’t you look down on other idols and broadcasters too much?;;ㅠㅠ

┗You are ignoring Testa.

The fact that there is such a spirited fight means that it was really exciting.

‘I can’t suppress the public opinion that it’s fun so I’m pushing the side that it’s not because of Testa.’

It was a good thing.

However what was unexpected was that this ripple effect did not end domestically.

‘Selling hotteok wasn’t like this.’

I had no idea that a domestic pilot like this would be successful as it was not an entertainment show that inevitably reflected the opinion of the head of the division who was openly targeting the United States to some extent.

[TeSTAR in a deserted island and- DISASTER? (astonished emoticon)]

The broadcast summary clip uploaded by the broadcasting company quickly grew in number of views and within a few days English translated titles and subtitles began to be provided.

Shipwreck and luxury vacation.

It seemed like overseas fans were actively recommending the summary to WeTube reaction channels because it was originally a fun composition and easy to understand.

[Americans overwhelmed by Testa’s distress entertainment!]

[This is K-pop idol entertainment! Reactions from overseas YouTubers who are surprised by the explosion of fun (Korean subtitles)]

It naturally flowed into the Translation Gukbbong channel creating a virtuous cycle of new content being created.

…It was a bit cringy though.

[Wetuber\: Oh my god are they stuck in a hurricane right now?? On a desert island??]

[Wetuber\: No I thought it would be sweet and cute since it was a K-pop idol real variety show…]

[Wetuber\: Oh my god! Look at how surprised they are haha]

[(As soon as I saw it I automatically fell in love with it~ Welcome.)]

Adding subtitles like this may be one of the selling points but it is inevitable that viewers will feel embarrassed.

“hmm.”

“…What are you looking at?”

“Ah the overseas response to our entertainment show.”

“that…! “Did you see it too?”

Bae Se-jin’s eyes flash. As a guy who was looking for ways to escape his own body he seems to have deep knowledge in this area.

“Ah other than this person… there is someone who is good at choosing videos. for a moment.”

Bae Se-jin turned on WeTube on TV and went to one of her subscribed channels. It seems like he is enjoying his life on WeTube more than he thought.

And the video played by Bae Se-jin was quite good.

[Hello this is K-pop!]

In fact there is no distortion or exaggeration and the backstory of who the YouTuber he translated is is well taken care of. There are no subtitles to force the story.

“It’s fun.”

“…greatness! yes.”

I think I managed to find something like this among the similarly solemn titles and channel names. This probably isn’t something you can find with keywords.

I watched videos on that channel for quite some time after that. Because it’s nice to look at without thinking.

However in the process I discovered a strange pattern.

‘There’s a flow.’

For example if there are foreigners who have encountered Testa for the first time through this entertainment show they are usually asked to recommend music videos which is Testa’s main business in the comments.

[If there are any videos of these people I should watch again please recommend them in the comments. Don’t forget to subscribe!]

Then KPOP fans flock to leave recommendations mainly for “Spring Out.”

-Oh my god you’re reviewing Testa! (laughter emoticon)

-Their true talent is not in entertainment but on stage????????????Please watch this music video first! (link)

-‘Spring Out’ is a must-see work. I can’t wait to see his reaction. (Emoji wearing a birthday cone)

It is a taste of Joseon steampunk where capital was invested. I thought it would work well because it has the feel of a blockbuster movie without any particular likes or dislikes.

‘I made it with that in mind in the first place.’

It’s rewarding to see overseas fans really using something that was intended for overseas response.

And if the response is good here they offer a ‘trip’ next time.

-The two songs are connected in a kind of series! I bet it will definitely be your taste☺

They also don’t forget the meticulousness of letting people watch the teaser which includes all of the members’ solo songs before watching the main episode.

‘And if you ask me to recommend something similar I’ll show you the &lt;127 Section&gt; game collaboration trailer video… ’

After going through the same worldview ‘Better me’ we eventually come to ‘Magical Boy’.

It was a magical circle where everyone volunteered to be a ‘lover’ after one turn.

[Hello subscribers! As you all know… I’m completely obsessed with this K-pop big star Testa these days! I’m just a lover!]

[Today I will be reacting to their latest song ‘Nightmare’. 1 2 3 Play!]

Many YouTubers may be exaggerating because K-pop reactions are a business that gets a lot of views but it was a great thing anyway.

‘Most first-team players have this route.’

For example VTIC also seemed to have such a route. Usually starting with 〈Sangun〉.

In any case Testa was having a more significant influence on the global WeTube flow than I expected.

And that wasn’t the end.

[Testa’s Overcoming and Emergence]

Similar sales videos with English titles that translate to this meaning were circulating with an unusually large number of views.

“…”

I checked the one with the most views.

[One of the eldest brothers and leader Ryu Cheong-woo was originally a gold medalist in the men’s archery team event at the Olympic Games as a member of Korea’s national archery team.]

[However he retired from the national team the year he came of age due to fatal aftereffects from a traffic accident as a child.]

This video summarizes Testa’s backstory how he debuted after participating in a cruel audition program and how he achieved great results afterwards.

It was also a video showing how he recovered from a recent terrible car accident and held a donation concert.

In short it was a dramatic success story.

‘I guess it’s American taste… ’

The taste of a self-made man and a twisted story was as strong as beef bone.

[Bae Se-jin the oldest member of Testa was a child actor who appeared in a very famous movie in Korea.]

[He played a traditional Korean child shaman and won an award at a film festival for his incredible acting skills…]

“her…”

Sejin Bae covered her face when she saw her younger self performing a ritual next to her.

“Aren’t you proud?”

“Are you kidding?? “I can’t do it at all.”

It seems like it’s a dark story because we’ve grown and our standards have risen.

Anyway even if it was a bit exaggerated it was definitely a well-made video.

In addition the traffic accident was cross-edited with the news to well recreate the feeling of the fandom at the time.

“hmm.”

“…Everyone was worried.”

[And finally when the last member is discharged from the hospital they come up with an amazing plan.]

[It was an online donation concert for long-term hospitalized children.]

And the donation concert… Well actually from these people’s perspective there will be a psychological distance from Testa because he is a foreigner so it doesn’t really matter if they focus on ‘good influence’.

Even if something unpleasant happens to celebrities from other countries isn’t the rationalization of ‘cultural differences’ a barrier?

‘Still I need to figure out the image.’

Just in case I even checked the comments on my mobile phone.

-A group of people who want to execute the former manager of this video.

-He should rot in prison for the rest of his life.

-Oh my god they stopped my car on the road in the middle of the night and threatened me? You are an evil seed that should not exist in the world.

“…”

The comment section was like a donation concert and it seemed like they were going to burn the former manager at the stake at any moment. Even though it’s someone else’s country it feels scary.

‘After all is anger a universal emotion?’

Anyway it wasn’t that bad. Because violent criminals are criticized for their crimes.

He’s not a guy with a particularly heartbreaking story so there’s nothing to sympathize with.

‘Of course even if it weren’t for this I think I would have already eaten enough.’

Moreover he had a bleak future ahead of him.

I heard that the former manager who faced enormous public outrage was charged with attempted murder due to negligence.

And as it was a case that attracted attention had no backing and turned a large corporation into an enemy the criminal trial was ruined.

“Now that I think about it I told my former manager that I was sentenced to 17 years in prison.”

This was not a commuted sentence but a complete beating. The same will probably be true in the second trial which was appealed.

Bae Se-jin nodded bluntly.

“okay. In fact a guy like that should live there his whole life and then die not just 17 years.”

“…”

No… I probably won’t be able to live well even if I get released anyway.

While I was working as a manager I had already had my photos taken by all kinds of fans so if you just search on the internet you can find his face.

Probably like other cases even if he got out after spending about three or four years in prison he would have had to give up living and working normally in the country.

Besides now that I see it it seems like it would be difficult to live abroad.

The Testa sales video that shows the former manager’s face has 8 million views.

‘The more the test results the more difficult it will be to live after release.’

And so it will be.

I shrugged.

“He seems like a person you won’t see again in the future so feel at ease.”

“…okay. “It’s a holiday.”

Bae Se-jin nodded with difficulty.

Next to him the boy’s mother smiled happily.

Yes it is a nice sight to see.

‘Take a lot of rest before work.’

I plan to properly prepare for this album as soon as the vacation is over.

I was lost in thought for a moment.

What does the fan base that is mired in this testa adoption algorithm want right now?

‘It’s a good song.’

okay. The deep world view is good and the easy listening and musicality are good but I need to take a more primitive approach than that.

A powerful music video with great choreography that kills the visuals and exciting and expensive sound.

Just fun things to watch and listen to without thinking about anything else.

There is no miracle cure to solidify the global momentum that spreads like a virus.

‘In other words you have to pour out money like water.’

That’s the only thing the higher-ups at this company are good at so there’s no problem.

However it is no longer possible to appease these people who are trying to get their hands on the problem by interfering with the overall picture.

‘It’s a waste of time.’

I just happened to have to keep what I said to Bae Se-jin who handed over the data collected for the lawsuit.

-I’m thinking that it could have the same effect as a lawsuit in a different direction.

This is a company that almost lost all of the attention to the former manager and got caught trying to sneak out.

‘I have to go see it sometime.’

I spent the rest of the holiday planning a fun meeting with the head of the department.

And I scheduled a meeting with him on the first day after the holiday.
