---
title: "Chapter 256"
category: "book"
index: 255
section: "Chapter 256"
slug: "256"
---

# Chapter 256

Accommodation on the evening of the end of the Chuseok holiday.

Members began to return one by one.

Actually I thought Bae Se-jin and I would arrive first but there was someone who arrived first.

“uh?”

“Oh~ Moon University has arrived! Welcome welcome! Brother Sejin too~”

Eun Se-jin whose lodgings are close to his home returned early and was lying on the sofa in the living room. What you are watching is the special episode of “Testa’s Island Life” with commentary.

From what I heard it looks like the first-tier idol enjoyed the holiday by handing out autographs to his excited cousins.

It won’t be long before social media will be flooded with eyewitness accounts and autograph verification from relatives.

“How are you doing cool-headed Mundaemundae? “My wife wanted to see you in person but she said that she was disappointed!”

The guy who went to my grandpa’s house speaks well.

“okay. “I guess I’ll have to make a video call next time.”

“haha!”

Big Sejin chuckled.

I don’t know if it’s good to take a break or if it’s just a relief to check my recognition in real life but either way it’s good to have some free time.

Now I can squeeze every last drop of energy into making an album.

“Ah a lot of people are already here.”

“I’ve been there…!”

Liu Chengyu and Sun Ah-hyeon arrived almost at the same time. Sun Ah-hyeon said she went on a family trip again and even brought souvenirs from a small island in the South Sea.

I accepted the wild goose-shaped bread that Sun Ah-hyeon offered me. There was green tea cream inside.

“Oh it was near the island we went to! “My parents said they wanted to go there sometime…”

‘Even after seeing all that hardship…?’

I don’t know. But since it was fun let’s leave it alone.

“Did you have a nice holiday weekend?”

And Kim Rae-bin who came with a bundle somehow looked a little chubby.

It seems like they fed their grandson a lot because of his hardships this year from his grandmother’s hospitalization to his own car accident.

“Brothers?”

“…Well welcome.”

“yes!”

Well I guess it’s okay. Because it’s inactive. It’s not like I’m going to have any health problems… Once I prepare the album it will automatically return to normal.

Moreover it is revealed at dawn that this level was good.

This is because the person who underwent the most drastic image transformation appeared only at the end.

“Hey! Everybody say hello~ like hello!”

“Cha Yujin!!”

This is Cha Yu-jin who arrived on a plane from Los Angeles early in the morning.

This guy… his skin was mottled.

On the good side it looks healthy and on the bad side it is a true sunscreen destroyer.

Looks like you had a great holiday at the beach.

‘The stylist must be the flagship… ’

Wouldn’t they be locked indoors and made to only take vitamin D orally?

“hey! you! “What’s with your face!”

First of all Kim Rae-bin is shocked and slaps Cha Yu-jin on the back.

“Ouch! no! “I’m healthy and cool!”

“No! “This isn’t healthy tanning it’s just tanning without rules due to management failure!”

“Kim Rae-bin didn’t exercise either! “It’s a failure!”

“…! Oh no I will quickly recover the muscle loss through exercise…”

Anyway only after the mess was over was I able to get to the point.

It was 2 am.

“I’m planning to go to work tomorrow… no around lunchtime today.”

“Huh?”

“Why why…?”

“Mundae you’re such a workaholic. Get some rest. “You worked at Sejin’s too right?”

“No just listen first.”

If you say something it starts to pile up.

I spoke while pressing my forehead.

“I thought it was a waste that we especially Bae Se-jin collected lawsuit materials…”

I put into words the plans I had leisurely made during the holidays.

“hmm.”

Bae Se-jin who had already heard it once before leaving nodded without reacting while the others made exclamation points and then turned into distressed faces.

“Is that possible…?”

“…It’s possible. “I asked the lawyer.”

Following Bae Se-jin’s answer Kim Rae-bin raised her hand.

“Is this an illegal action?”

“No that’s not it.”

Afterwards a fairly productive discussion and Q&A followed.

In the end Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Well anyway we’ve agreed on everything we want right? “I think it might work.”

“okay. “Then let’s all go together tomorrow and have a meeting.”

I shook my head.

“No I think it would be better if I go alone.”

“uh?”

Such a person would rather feel intimidated by a secret one-on-one. If young people come in groups they will feel like they are the lowest class.

One representative was appropriate.

After explaining that part I added.

“Cheongwoo is the leader so if he were the representative I think people would think it was an official deal. “I think it would be better for me to go and catch them off guard.”

“Uhm…”

Bae Se-jin frowned and opened his mouth.

“But considering things like retaliation and threats…”

“it’s okay. “I have no intention of using such extreme measures.”

“…?”

Why is your expression like that?

I was puzzled for a moment and then burst out laughing.

“Oh the general manager to me?”

“…”

“I don’t think I can do it. “What kind of guy is that?”

And after a while it was finally decided that I would be the one conveying the opinion.

It was smooth.

* * *

The third general manager of T1 Stars had a decent holiday break.

Although the crazy layoffs caused a lot of trouble recovery started to pick up momentum in its own way right before the holidays.

Still my head was still pounding when I thought about the damage caused to the company’s image and the loss caused by the head office’s intervention and cancellation of the tour.

‘It was fortunate that I recovered.’

The good news was that the comatose member of Testa did not die but what happened next was not very satisfactory.

‘In the meantime it’s a donation concert.’

That too on other agencies’ related platforms.

It was very suspicious.

‘Are you sure you’re going to try to transfer there?’

Due to public opinion and the atmosphere it was impossible to stop it but since it was his first time in the entertainment industry the general manager who thought of an idol’s agency as being closer to a sports player’s club was even more nervous.

Because I thought I was looking at the liver.

However there was no sign of Testa contacting the agency again and he put aside his suspicions.

‘As soon as public opinion recovers I need to gently appease them and start the tour.’

At the same time we planned to prepare the next album and launch it globally in time for the end of the tour.

In the meantime it was already stressful having to reflect the words of the idols who were throwing tantrums.

‘Those who didn’t even graduate from college will be able to do business properly.’

Didn’t the industry get to this point because of star marketing designed to sell tickets in the early days of Hollywood?

Anyway he clicked his tongue saying that the entertainment business lacks structure and dignity.

I jumped in with ambition but my spirit was lacking.

‘I need to expand my portfolio for a few years and launch another business line.’

Then I showed up for an appointment with a tester member that I had scheduled in advance for lunch.

“hello.”

“Okay welcome.”

Actually this was also a bit absurd. Is he in a position where he has to make an appointment based on a word from his celebrity?

Still I thought I could use it as a new hand so I thought I would give it a try.

It is true that the company was in turmoil due to the traffic accident.

‘Let me see.’

He guessed it by looking at Testa member Park Moon-dae who came out alone.

‘Is this a request?’

He was also informed that he was not the leader and was the person who contacted headquarters last time.

However I did not even consider that a dedicated test team was created for that reason.

That’s because he didn’t even suspect that Dantara who didn’t even graduate from high school would have such brains.

Still I had the intention of using it.

‘He’s the type that can’t overcome his greed if you provoke him a little.’

He seemed like a guy who had a say in the team and had a desire for success in his own way.

So didn’t he come to see me even after recovering from the coma?

However as soon as he sat down in the sushi restaurant room where the course menu was served Park Moon-dae took out the documents.

“These are lawsuit documents.”

“Whoosh!”

The head of the headquarters heard Sareh.

However the idol in front of him just stared at him without moving a single inch.

It is a face of indifferent observation.

“…”

The head of the headquarters felt like his eyes were wide with anger for a moment but he took care of practical reasons first.

Documents.

And I was shocked.

“…!”

“This is evidence of the agency’s negligence regarding the former manager.”

The documentation was meticulous in a legal sense.

In addition some details were intentionally deleted so even if this paper was checked it was difficult for the company to produce rebuttal materials.

Anyone could see that it was done by an expert.

‘Did you hire a lawyer…!’

The head of the department took a deep breath without being noticed and put down the documents.

“So why are you showing me this?”

“…”

“Looking at it it doesn’t seem like you’re trying to file a lawsuit right away. Is this because you want something?”

Park Moon-dae admitted it.

‘He’s got a brain of his own.’

Well this director was neither a paratrooper nor a relative of the executive. He was just a superior with an oversized ego.

And because of that it was easier to talk about.

The night before he returned to his lodgings. I remembered my conversation with Bae Se-jin.

-… Park Moon-dae You talked about taxes during your first settlement. This is a pre-tax amount so you’ll have to pay a lot later.

-yes.

-that’s right. That’s right. Celebrities were not workers.

At the time of writing the contract Park Moon-dae also knew it based on the legal knowledge he had gained through university and civil service exams.

Celebrities do not sign employment contracts with companies.

Therefore in many cases they are classified as individual business owners rather than workers and are not properly subject to the Labor Standards Act or the Occupational Safety and Health Act.

‘The agency’s power is too great to see it that way.’

It’s not something he can change right now so let’s just move on.

Park Moon-dae’s thoughts were as follows.

‘If you think the other way around does that mean you can write contracts more freely?’

Isn’t this a contract between businesses?

So I make this suggestion.

“We add additional clauses to the basic contract. “It’s a penalty and guarantee clause.”

“It’s a guarantee.”

“Yes it’s not serious but we’re putting it in as a kind of bet. “The contents are…”

Park Moon-dae laughed.

“If Testa wins the grand prize at the annual awards ceremony in the following years we will fully support Testa’s establishment of a new independent label.”

“…!!”

“The deadline is set at two years… Of course the form is affiliated. What if the contract is broken? “I have to remain with T1.”

The new paper presented by Park Moon-dae was filled with detailed information.

-‘Annual Awards Ceremony’ refers to an awards ceremony held by a music or music platform that broadcasts more than 70% of sales figures in the music market that year.

-… During the period of verification Party A guarantees Party B’s proactive and safe activities. In this provision ‘leading’ means…

In short we will take care of it so please don’t interfere and take care of it properly.

And Park Moon-dae knew.

‘This guy has no connections in the entertainment industry.’

What I do have is a connection with the board of directors at T1 headquarters that is enough to get me a position here. However you may not be able to bring this up to your superiors due to reputation issues.

‘Then I’ll have to take it alone.’

No actually it doesn’t matter if you talk about it.

‘Because it’s just a repetition of the claim that we have no intention of pretending to be T1 and that we only want to distance ourselves from this agency where you are the head of the company.’

This was the logic that had already been used when requesting a dedicated team. Even if the deal was discovered there was no reason for headquarters to be hostile to Testa again.

“…”

At that time the general manager also finished calculating similarly.

If you scold or act strong a bomb will explode.

So I clasped my hands and spoke more seriously.

“I know the artist’s opinion but… it’s not something I can give OK to right? “I am a working-level member… I have to tell the board of directors and the CEO.”

It was a lie. In fact the position of CEO is just a position given to a T1 relative to give a business card.

In reality the person who would discuss amendments to this contract was the head of the division.

“Oh I don’t know much about that.”

Park Moon-dae didn’t even blink.

“Just convince the general manager.”

“…! what…”

“No… I don’t know. If that doesn’t work I think it would be easier for us to just file a lawsuit. “The lawyer will take care of it.”

Are you crazy?

The head of the headquarters was at a loss for words and stared at Park Mun-dae but his smooth face showed no signs of agitation.

So he knew.

This guy was someone who would file a lawsuit without even blinking an eye.

And this kind of crazy person cannot be persuaded.

“There will be a new season of ‘Azusa’ in a little while and the people who debut there will also be affiliated with it so for us who don’t have much left on our contract… it’s okay for us to be a label. “Isn’t that right?”

“…”

“If you win the grand prize all you have to do is make a label. It doesn’t seem like it will be difficult.”

And at sunset that day.

Park Moon-dae returned home with all 7 revised stamped and stamped contracts.

‘It’s neat.’

I knew this would happen if I didn’t give it time and pushed it hard.

In this matter giving one or two more days would have been useless.

‘The answer is to deal with it quickly.’

And in any case the additional clause does not prevent you from winning the grand prize that you can win because your testa performance is also related to your career.

Anyone can tell that the head of the headquarters is a man with an extremely greedy desire for fame.

In addition just in case a compensation clause was included in case of double violation.

Park Mun-dae shrugged his shoulders.

‘I wasn’t able to create a legal precedent as Bae Se-jin wanted… but I hope he’s satisfied with this.’

In any case won’t you have complete freedom of movement until next year and even after that if you ride the grand prize?

What if I can’t win the grand prize?

‘At that time it didn’t really matter because the contract period wasn’t long.’

He shrugged.

There was nothing to lose either way.

“I should go prepare the album.”

He was prepared to put in all his time.

‘We’ll do it right this time.’

…And so the extremely high-intensity album preparation camp began.

For reference the first stage of Testa’s planned comeback was the year-end awards ceremony hosted by T1.
