---
title: "Chapter 257"
category: "book"
index: 256
section: "Chapter 257"
slug: "257"
---

# Chapter 257

The end of the year.

As it is the time to end the year and welcome the new year popular culture is abuzz with various events and anniversaries.

And people who are interested in KPOP are also slowly preparing to watch related events.

-The MBS collaboration story came out this year.

-Will T1 hold the awards ceremony overseas again? Are you crazy about Pyo Pal?

-I see a picture of VTIK and Youngrin each taking home the grand prize for the album.

Of course this year too there was no shortage of talk about Testa which was a hot topic in all sorts of ways intentionally or unintentionally.

——————————

[Testa also seems to win the grand prize]

At an awards ceremony that gives out multiple grand prizes you deserve it. Didn’t you get one from ToneA last year?

It’s such a hot topic this year that it seems like it’s going to get picked up here and there. There’s also an incident.

——————————

-?? After a car accident you feel sorry for me?? LOL

-The lover was a lover.

-ㅋㅋ I think you need to be objective and talk about the target…!

-Don’t act like you’re hooked. I’m a Testa fan. This is aggro;

The aggro was ‘Is Testa the target?’

First of all ‘Spring out’ released at the beginning of the year is a digital single and has no results other than the music so it is put on hold.

‘Nightmare’ released after that was a definite annual hit but the problem was that the activity did not last long and a car accident occurred.

The potential for further explosion of activity was unfortunately stopped short due to the traffic accident issue.

As one of the members fell into a coma and the airing of the previously filmed entertainment was postponed it was even more difficult to shake off the ‘somehow disappointing’ feeling.

So even though it was a donation concert it was true that it somehow felt insufficient to call it a perfect target.

Besides the aggro people also knew.

It is difficult for Testa to make a comeback in the second half of this year.

-You can never come back right away.

└ㄹㅇ I’m afraid I’ll get criticized again for thinking that my agency is doing something lol.

-I’d rather hurry up and replace all the cartilage and just turn it into a waste product.

-Even during the donation con I could see that he was acting like a bastard haha. It’s better to be an old pitiful person.

Testa’s antis actually cheered and enjoyed the news of Testa’s sudden vacation.

This is because I thought it was a decision that ‘could not be made up this year’.

However it was around that time that a rumor-like article began to appear.

[Countdown to Testa’s holiday comeback?]

The article was that ‘according to an official’ Testa was preparing for a comeback with the first stage at the awards ceremony in mind.

According to the article it was an activity that would narrowly divide into the second half of this year or the first half of next year.

The behind-the-scenes reactions from die-hard fans were quite mixed.

-Ah it’s finally a comebackㅠㅠ Since the island entertainment show I’ve been having a hard time finding rice cakes so I’m really looking forward to itㅠㅠ

– Are you serious about your first performance at the awards ceremony during this important time?

-There were a lot of stones making a comeback at the end of the year so why am I worried about buying them? And since there are many cases where the music albums are counted starting in December it will actually be reflected in the full number right?

└Because the annual chart is cut in half

-All entertainment shows will be pushed to the end-of-year specials and will not be able to be properly promoted.

This is because from late November to mid-December the special holiday season takes away the popularity of the song.

Unless it was a carol aimed at Christmas vibes it wasn’t a very good move at such an important time.

In particular I couldn’t help but feel sad when I remembered that ToneA the awards ceremony hosted by T1 was held in early December.

-If they made a comeback just to fit in with the T1 awards ceremony I really won’t let it go.

-After half a year of supporting activities I quickly lost my savings.

In the typical pre-comeback tension where expectations and anxiety intersect.

A new article has been widely published.

[ToneA From the end of the year to the beginning of the new year… announced to be held in January]

It was news that ToneA would be held in January.

There were a variety of reasons floating around ranging from recruiting award winners to disruptions in securing large overseas concert halls or reorganizing music sites but none were certain.

What is important is that the hearts of Testa fans have become at peace.

-Phew somehow

-The moment you see it -Comfort-

-Yes this is correct.

-I think it would be a good idea to go to all the remaining awards ceremonies in January and release some music shows starting at the end of the month.

At this point public attention returned.

This is because it is not a matter of making up for this year but whether or not he will hit a home run next year.

-It looks like Testa’s comeback in January.

-Wow the annual chart is fully reflected haha.

-It’s already a battle for the first team. What will happen?

Rather than focusing on whether Testa won the grand prize at this awards ceremony more attention was paid to the performance of this comeback.

Testa’s latest comeback results after successfully hitting a home run on VTIC Aggro a successful donation concert for traffic accident issues and entertainment!

-If you pick a good song this is sure to be a hit and can’t be refuted haha.

-Honestly Testa does a good job of selecting activities in every important situation. Even though T1 is a greedy bastard he is good at these things.

– Bye-byeol there was a regular this time. What do you think? What is the probability that it will go awry because it is too strict?

└I enjoyed reading your wish list.

– Testa really works like a cow. To be honest I don’t think I could rest for another half a year while taking care of my body.

And as Testa’s appearance in various year-end music programs was officially confirmed fans were a little excited about their first real job in a long time.

-Stage Joa

-Never overdo it. Thank you guys for just coming out.

-I will definitely succeed in listening. How long has it been since I’ve been away? Seriously!!

In addition photos of members enjoying their vacation heading to the practice room were uploaded to Testa’s account every day or two.

[Vacation is over! Now I feel great if I practice~ (bear emoticon)]

The members looked excited and happy.

-I saw all the posts the kids posted and everyone looked good so I was relieved.

└Seeing the photo in person made me feel relieved. I’m just looking forward to it haha.

Fans waited for Testa’s year-end performance with a strange sense of satisfaction and reward as they like ‘idols who are serious about their profession.’

There was no problem with the comeback date and the atmosphere was calm and good.

-Just waiting for the stage schedule update

-How about a singing orchestra version?

-I will definitely bet my money that our Bomdung will perform a remix of a traditional instrument arrangement on stage.

└If it’s wrong can I take it? I’ll stand in line.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkk

And Testa had a bit more planned than fans expected.

The first ride was revealed not long after.

Among the articles promoting the year-end program the most talked about special stages and compositions and among them one article even included a poster.

[Will the MBS Gayo Daejejeon collaboration stage list be revealed? [A brilliant line-up ranging from great seniors to monster rookies]

A banner-type poster image made up of black silhouettes.

There was also a silhouette familiar to fans.

-Isn’t that the silhouette of Sun Ah-hyun?

-I think that’s right.

-Wow Ahyun’s special stageㅠㅠ

It was Seon Ah-hyun Testa’s main dancer.

Testa was planning to spend this year actively advertising his next album.

And at the time the article appeared Testa had already started preparing for the end of the year.

* * *

“Eat a snack!”

“ruler.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin was shocked when she saw the carrot stick in her hand.

“This is not a snack!”

“Shall I give you an apple…?”

“yes…”

Cha Yu-jin who accepted the apple from Sun Ah-hyun chewed the apple sadly.

Crash clap.

‘Your teeth are strong.’

I clicked my tongue.

First of all… With the year-end season just around the corner this group is adjusting their diet to regain the muscles lost during Chuseok.

Even though Cha Yu-jin had a high basal metabolic rate she led a careless life so careful management was necessary.

Of course there are some who don’t need it.

“Not only apples… but also tomatoes…!”

A guy like Sun Ah-hyun who just takes care of his body inertially.

This guy didn’t blow even during Chuseok.

“Tomatoes are good for sugar!”

“That can’t be done…”

“Boo…”

Cha Yu-jin trudged over and sat in the corner of the practice room.

I’ll be like that for 10 days. Still I’m eating enough meat.

‘Should we also provide protein bars?’

While I was sorting out suggestions to send to the diet expert in my head I saw Seon Ah-hyeon looking disappointed while holding a cherry tomato.

“You eat.”

“Oh no! I’m okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun put the container of cherry tomatoes back into the refrigerator.

I looked at it without thinking and then checked the current time on the LED on the refrigerator door.

“I think you should leave within an hour.”

“Huh?… Ugh.”

That’s right. Sun Ah-hyun has a solo practice schedule for the past few days.

This is because there will be a special collaboration stage at the MBS year-end program on December 31st.

It’s obvious but it’s a stage where a broadcasting company pressures the agency to somehow select members of popular groups one by one and combine them.

Because everyone’s schedules are so busy we rarely meet each other but anyway we’ve already received all the individual parts on video and are familiar with them.

‘It took 3 hours.’

This is why people who are good at dancing benefit from this. To be honest it is true that learning choreography requires more stamina than learning a song.

In addition Sun Ah-hyun also participated in some of the choreography for this title song.

-Oh~ Is this okay?

-…! Really?

-Of course it is! Right Director?

-Yes I think it has a lot of impact… I’m sure the large format will be captured well on camera right? Ahyeon?

This time we received choreography drafts from more than seven sources and put them together but it was not normal for us to insert our own choreography in the process.

‘You have talent.’

The movement style was not even the modern dance style that I majored in.

So it’s just a collaboration… Looking at it I received a good part but there are no problems with the performance.

Testa has the best name value so you will get a good camera.

I nodded. There was no problem.

“Do well.”

“…huh!!”

Seeing that Sun Ah-hyun is also in good spirits I think she will come out well.

Of course it’s not just Sun Ah-hyun. Right now listen to Bae Se-jin muttering next to you.

“…I’m the award winner.”

“hmm? It’s a child actor award ceremony. Does it suit you well? “It might be a bit cumbersome to move but…”

“I! “It’s an awards ceremony!”

“…Calm down Sejin.”

From film festival awards to entertainment award ceremony commemorative stages.

I just followed a schedule that was not excessive and had enough content to generate news.

Everyone has agreed that instead of skipping year-end events we should use our free time in this way.

‘…This quarter the settlement amount will be cut in half.’

Still there was some extra business. It was also an effective promotional method.

So after filtering based on name value I left one or two without filtering them out but… I’m a little nervous.

‘Is this offer really necessary for me?’

I think there must have been a more suitable member than me… but if you really want to use me.

‘It doesn’t matter.’

I shrugged and put on my road headset.

I was planning to check the third recording again. This title has to come out well.

‘Let’s do well.’

And the end of the year quickly arrived.

* * *

A few weeks later on a Friday night in early to mid-December.

Netizens were waiting for the first public broadcast song program of the returning year-end season.

-Anyone watching SBC Gayo Daejeon today? Oh so it’s just me…?

– Hahahahaha today is it? Time flies

-Beep when the kids come out.

└How old is your grandmother?

No I will correct it. There were a lot of people who just wanted to watch clips or people who only wanted to watch their idols come out late.

Still everyone could come out at least once for the opening so fans of the cast watched the beginning as a courtesy.

-Start

-Oooh

-Let’s see how many newcomers we’ve sold this year!

A large broadcasting hall brightly lit with lights.

[☆Gayo Daejeon☆]

[Sangam Hall Live Broadcast]

And soon what appeared at the broadcast stand were male and female MCs dressed up in sparkling outfits.

However his face was different.

[Hello Gayo Daejeon viewers!]

Smiling slightly they were good-looking men and good-looking women but they were not the professions I expected.

This is because there were three active idols.

It’s also the best.

[I’m VTIC’s Chaeyul!]

[Younglin of St. U.]

[And the youngest MC Park Moon-dae of Testa.]

Park Moon-dae on the screen poked his cheek with a mysterious smile. The seniors standing next to me hastily suppressed their laughter.

-????

-Look at the crazy MC Jin.

-Hahahahahahahahahahaha

-Celestial world’s most popular member combination hahahaha

The comment section flooded with the unexpected first-team elite party lineup.

For your information the parties involved did not expect this to happen.
