---
title: "Chapter 258"
category: "book"
index: 257
section: "Chapter 258"
slug: "258"
---

# Chapter 258

“everyone! Are you having a warm year-end?”

“The musicians who warmed your hearts this year are preparing a great stage once again.”

The two idols next to me did quite well.

‘It’s not like I wasted my annual leave.’

I also grabbed the microphone.

“Then shall we start with the first stage of the Gayo Daejeon where we will introduce the artists who have entertained us with the most brilliant activities this year?”

I’m the only one whose sentences are particularly long but I don’t think I’m mistaken. Is it true that script time is processed in order of seniority?

‘And who was the guy who made me stab my cheek?’

I can’t help it because of my position but why bother specifying something like this in the script? I will not forget this deliberate action.

“SBC Gayo Daejeon starts now!”

Anyway the camera rolled and the three MCs looked at the camera and smiled capitalist smiles.

And the moment the lights went out I took a light breath or adjusted my expression.

“Phew.”

“exorcism!”

The VTIC guy on the other side didn’t bother to extend his hand and pat me on the back. You really are an unnecessary senior.

“Mr. Moon Dae you did a great job!”

“thank you.”

Youngrin who was checking the script again smiled slightly and added.

“He’s still working hard.”

“thank you.”

I lowered my head repeatedly. Since there was such a difference in years of experience it was better to just be an audit bot throughout the filming.

There are fans holding cheering sticks right below the podium where we are.

Of course there are also a few camera lenses visible.

‘You hid it well.’

I glanced at the camera held by several familiar people and looked away. It’s a live broadcast anyway so it’s embarrassing to even call something like that a leak.

‘After this performance we will announce the theme of this broadcast… ’

I read through the extremely long script one more time starting with ‘Everyone enjoying the festival.’ It’s on the teleprompter but you might stutter.

‘But… Isn’t three idols a bit too much?’

To be honest this line-up is sure to be a hot topic but in terms of stability I think it would be nice to have at least one announcer to take center stage.

Since the award is not given like an acting or entertainment award I know that everyone is calculating that they will get away with it. Still I didn’t want to give it away.

And everyone seemed to have similar thoughts.

“Wow this is making me sweat! We’ve only been working on our own content but I never thought we’d suddenly be doing something like this at the end of the year! “I’ll work really hard everyone.”

First of all the guy with the longest experience boasts the aspirations of a rookie.

“Mr. Moon Dae is still a rookie so don’t be too nervous. If you get stuck while speaking just finish the sentence. “I will continue.”

This one almost seems like a professional MC. I’ve seen a lot of hosting here and there and I’m at the level of a semi-host.

“thank you.”

I looked at Youngrin.

“But the goal is to make no mistakes. “I’ll do my best.”

Youngrin smiled slightly. There is no team leader who is particularly pleased with a new employee.

“is it so.”

“and! Fighting idol!”

It’s a bit funny to see the three of them join hands and fight while holding the script but let’s be satisfied that no one wants to just get over it and move on.

“How did you like the National Gugak Orchestra’s special performance introducing this year’s musicians?”

“It was really cool!”

“I really enjoyed watching the flashy movements because they seemed to show a bright new year.”

And these three didn’t make a single mistake throughout Part 1. Including me of course.

‘good.’

[advertisement]

I drank water after confirming that there was an advertisement interlude at the end of Part 1. And I saw familiar faces waving at the singer’s seats set up for reaction.

“Hyung you’re cool! That’s it!”

‘I can’t hear anything you’re saying you guys.’

The sound and the cheering seats are so loud. Why are you having a hard time talking?

Anyway thank you for the support I waved my hand and passed the cue card again.

‘If things continue like this I’ll at least get an average hit.’

In the middle the VTIC guy covered up the situation where he was almost embarrassed by the self-praising script so the image of an incompetent parachute rookie idol wouldn’t have stuck.

‘Good luck with your driver.’

I shrugged and put down the water.

[Part 2 30 seconds ago]

And that was when the first stage of Part 2 ended and the broadcast began.

“Mr. Mundae!”

Suddenly something unexpected that wasn’t even in the script popped out.

VTIC Chaeyul thrust a large cupcake with a lit firecracker in front of my eyes.

“…??”

What is this?

“I heard that Mr. Moon Dae had a birthday a few days ago!”

“happy birthday. Mr. Moon Dae.”

Then the production crew pulls up a cone hat with dog ears underneath the camera.

“…”

I wrote it down in despair.

No I want you to tell me in advance you broadcasting stations. What is this on live broadcast…

-Smile!

There is no need to write such things down in your sketchbook. Because I’m already smiling from ear to ear.

“Haha thank you.”

-Please blow the candle!

I do it in a variety of ways.

I smiled brightly and blew out the firecracker. And pulled the dog’s ears.

It was really great to wear a suit and make fun of the public while watching the end-of-year program MC…

“thank you.”

I see guys crawling and stealing from the singer’s seats. Let’s meet when we get back to the hotel.

…for a moment.

‘Now that I think about it the opening script for Part 2 is… ’

“The next performance is a song about a beautiful birthday!”

“Isn’t this the song that made this summer shine?”

I barely managed to keep my composure as I spoke the last words.

“‘Birthday Boy’ by the 17-year-old band Gray Cable. We invite you to a special live performance.”

Was this staged for this purpose?

Are you an idol MC who loses his dignity to introduce the next song?

It wasn’t just a regular music room but I was dizzy with the idol’s duties continuing until the end of the year program.

…and this tone continues until the ending.

* * *

‘Park Moon-dae is so cute!!’

Park Moon-dae’s Homma who was holding the camera under the broadcast box almost cried with joy.

I heard a rumor from someone in charge that the College of Arts would be hosting an MC at the end of the year so it was rewarding to stay in this area!

‘This is it! This is it!’

It was really nice to see Park Moon-dae in person after a long time…

Park Moon-dae was wearing a black dress shirt underneath a neat navy blue suit and looked like an MC matching his slicked-back hair.

But he was the youngest of the MCs and wore a white ribbon tie and it was really… so cute!

Especially when receiving cupcakes!

Perhaps it was a surprise turn but Park Moon-dae was even cuter because he clearly looked embarrassed.

‘I got cream on my nose… ’

As soon as it was confirmed Park Moon-dae wiped it and the officials cleaned it up but Homma had already taken the cut.

‘ha ha ha…! ha ha ha!’

Homma who was completely excited about her first online and offline photoshoot in a long time let out her inner radiance and collected photos like crazy. You are the preview!

The fatigue that had accumulated after experiencing the extremely depressed time after the accident the crazy roller coaster-like situation and the worry-filled atmosphere of immediate activity disappeared.

I felt relieved and happy.

‘I’m really looking forward to this activity.’

It felt really good to safely return to my place. Homma smiled and adjusted his mask.

‘The condition of Mundae looks good too!’

Sometimes whenever the members made eye contact with Park Moon-dae in the singer’s box they would wave their hands and I liked how they would secretly wave at each other when the camera lights were not on.

Moreover it was clear that Park Moon-dae also found the fans’ camera lenses in the meantime. I made eye contact with this camera too!

‘Let’s be idols for the rest of our lives… ’

Park Moon-dae was clearly the anchor point in her K-pop life. Anyway that was it.

‘Transfer? There is no such thing.’

Homma’s bitter memories of drinking which saw her former idol’s advancement into society and vowed that she would never trust an idol again were shattered through a series of crazy incidents.

And part 3 in a moment.

‘Look at these guys soon! The cue sheet was correct.’

Park Moon-dae jumped up and disappeared behind the MC seat. And we also saw Testa moving around in the singer’s seat.

‘Because year-end programs don’t often provide official fancams…!’

Homma held the camera tightly with a sense of duty.

It was an extremely rewarding time.

‘It was so… good.’

And on the way home. She leaves SBC Sangam Hall satisfied.

I didn’t feel tired. No I can’t feel it because my adrenaline is rushing like crazy right now but I’ll be tired when I get home.

Anyway Park Moon-dae’s home horse was very happy.

“You’re really good on stage.”

Testa’s skills did not decrease at all.

Not even a single choreography had its difficulty adjusted or deleted.

‘No I actually felt like I had become more skilled!’

There was no trace of a traffic accident at all.

Park Moon-dae who briefly stumbled at a group concert right after being discharged from the hospital was flying around today.

The fact that he was fully armed and burning with the spirit of victory was felt both on site and through the camera lens.

Of course the composition of the stage itself was also good. The performance using shooting in ‘Spring out’ was splendid and grand fitting for the end of the year.

Homma guessed that it must have become quite a hot topic on the Internet.

‘Now… just this part!’

She excitedly got into a taxi and connected the camera capacity to her laptop to check some of the video she had shot. It was because I really wanted to think over some scenes that left an impression on me!

It was a time when I was watching the video at high speed.

‘uh?’

Park Moon-dae is just finishing the stage and going up to the MC seat.

Under Park Mun-dae’s black hair… bright strands were visible.

I was thrilled.

“wig…!”

Black hair whether sprayed or wigged was fake.

Park Moon-dae… escaped with black hair again!

‘crazy! This album is dyed hair!’

This was a separate issue from her preference for black-haired Park Mun-dae!

‘What color is it? What color is it? If I correct the lighting the color will come out better right?’

Homma could not have been this exciting and exciting. It was because this kind of pleasure was so rare.

“under…”

Homma briefly wondered whether she could tolerate spoilers until January and came up with some fun hypotheses related to the activity.

Meanwhile the captured video started playing again.

Park Moon-dae successfully returned to the MC seat by checking the cue sheet.

But when I looked at it again it was… a bit strange.

“Uh huh.”

She felt her imagination disappear for a moment.

Homma immediately enlarged Park Moon-dae’s upper body.

“…”

From the angle it seemed like I was watching Testa returning to the singer’s seat but his expression looked… bloody?

He was wiggling his eyebrows.

‘what?’

I watched Homma a few more times because it felt cheap but since only Park Moon-dae was taking pictures I couldn’t tell exactly what Park Moon-dae was watching.

And I was able to regain control of my facial expressions very quickly.

“Hmm.”

‘It must be an illusion.’

It was sick to do this with an expression that lasted only a few seconds. Homma shrugged and flipped through the video.

But it wasn’t an illusion.

* * *

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“The Mundae MC was really good.”

“thank you.”

“My brother’s dog ears birthday present… Wow!”

“Stop it.”

The long live broadcast has ended.

As soon as we joined we went by car. I was planning to go straight to the practice room and guess for another hour or two before going in.

‘MC was okay.’

The quality was as good as the stage preparation so there is nothing that bothers me.

Except for one thing I didn’t expect.

“Are you okay?”

“…I’m fine.”

“thank god…!”

This guy. Seon Ah-hyun.

When I was returning from the stage earlier I looked at the singer’s box and there were definitely a few people who greeted Sun Ah-hyun excessively.

‘It looks like they’re preparing for a collaboration stage.’

It’s okay up to that point.

The problem is that after that Sun Ah-hyun avoided eye contact and lowered her head. As if he was intimidated.

“…”

I feel uncomfortable.

I arrived at the practice room and grabbed the back of one of the guys getting out of the car.

“hey.”

“Huh? Why?”

It’s a big hit.

I saw this guy subtly cut off the people who were greeting Sun Ah-hyun when she entered the room earlier.

‘I think this guy noticed too.’

I lowered my voice a little so that the people walking in front could not hear me.

And it got straight to the point.

“I saw you… in the singer’s box. “Seon Ah-hyeon.”

“…hmm.”

Big Sejin seemed to immediately understand what he meant.

“that.”

“So did you see anything? “It looks like they are collaborating.”

The guy shrugged his shoulders.

“It’s obvious. “Ahyun must have scratched her head.”

“…!”

“Ahyeon is a good girl. “I’m just trying to press it because I’m not the type that’s good at tact.”

Big Sejin raised his eyebrows.

“There is such a thing. ‘Hey Ahyeon you get a lot of cameras. I’m jealous~ I guess you don’t have to practice much?’ “I’ll break it down for you~”

“…”

It’s so naughty that I want to hit its muzzle.

However Geun Se-jin’s tone quickly became serious.

“I guess there were one or two people who tried to act friendly? “Ahyeon was shy so he said behind her back that he was discriminating against people by classifying them so I guess that’s what happened.”

“…after.”

“Do you understand?”

“okay.”

The hierarchy is like X. Perhaps because they are similar in age these guys are no different from when they were in Azusa.

‘I thought it would be a long time since it was doing well.’

I forgot that human nature is worse when someone who is more successful than me looks easygoing.

Moreover it seemed like they were trying to win more by gathering only those with some reputation in the group.

‘I need to hear about this.’

I decided to check on Sun Ah-hyun’s condition before entering the practice room.

And it was the moment when I was about to move my feet.

“for a moment.”

“…!”

I was stopped.

I turned my head. Big Sejin who was holding my shoulder was shaking his head.

“Achacha Park Moon-dae you’re not going to talk about this to Ahyeon are you? “I can’t~”

“why.”

“Hey people have pride.”

Big Sejin smiled bitterly.

“Would you be able to tolerate a friend of the same age finding out about this situation? “Wouldn’t you hate it more because we’re close?”

“…!”

“Let Ahyun take care of it. “That’s right.”
