---
title: "Chapter 259"
category: "book"
index: 258
section: "Chapter 259"
slug: "259"
---

# Chapter 259

The night practice ended quickly and as planned. After returning to my dorm I recalled my conversation with Keun Se-jin while washing up.

Isn’t that what he said after all?

‘Seon Ah-hyeon’s pride is hurt… la.’

I don’t want to show my close peers the shame of being territorial.

“hmm.”

I won’t deny it. This is a perspective that has never been considered.

Maybe it’s because he’s the guy I’ve been following around since I first met him on Idol Inc. but I don’t really feel like we’re the same age.

‘Honestly being the same age is only about appearance.’

If I had a conscience I’d say I’m the same age as him… right? Even though I don’t know if I was an office worker I have clear memories of myself until I was 29.

At first it was ambiguous even if we considered them to be of the same age.

‘I don’t know if Sun Ah-hyun is the kind of person who cares about such things.’

I don’t know if other people would know but Sun Ah-hyun is just a nice person who seems helpless so I think she would accept it gratefully.

However I admit one thing.

‘I can’t solve it every time.’

Although it was for the sake of smooth activities I always gave him a lot of instructions whenever a problem arose.

Is it time for Sun Ah-hyun to try it herself?

“Because he has solid grit.”

I shrugged.

Except for that brief moment at the awards ceremony his complexion didn’t look particularly dark so let’s leave it at that.

All you have to do is conduct an investigation to check for any signs that you may be overdoing things.

Sweet.

I got out of the shower and headed to the refrigerator. Since I’m losing weight I was thinking of drinking some ice water tonight instead of milk.

Sun Ah-hyun was not in the room.

‘It’ll be in the living room.’

And before I turned the corner of the hallway I heard a voice.

“So… if it feels like I’m praising you because I don’t like it… what do you think?”

“You don’t like me but are you praising me?”

“Uh huh. “It’s similar.”

It was a conversation between Cha Yu-jin and Sun Ah-hyun.

Cha Yu-jin was then heard answering without hesitation.

“Why do you praise me when I don’t like it?”

“I don’t know… Is it because I can’t get angry?”

“OK OK.”

The guy answered brightly.

“Then I say ‘I know~’! “I know I’m good at it!”

“Is that so…?”

“yes. “I like the compliment!”

It was an amazing mental victory method of digesting a compliment as a compliment no matter what the other person’s feelings were.

However I don’t think Sun Ah-hyun will be able to use that comfortably.

‘Why do you have to give advice to Cha Yu-jin… ’

It’s a strange idea.

For a moment I thought about waiting until the conversation was over but then I realized that was even funnier and just walked out.

As soon as our eyes met Sun Ah-hyun suddenly stood up.

“It’s radish. “Do you drink water?”

“uh.”

“here…!”

The glass of water was taken.

“…thanks.”

‘Is this guy’s pride hurt because he receives my help?’

I still can’t shake the feeling that this kind of thing seems like a voluntary thing… Anyway thank you and drink well.

I sipped my water and waited for him to resume his conversation with Cha Yu-jin.

But the conversation did not continue. Sun Ah-hyun was just confused and asked me back.

“Why why…?”

ah. Did I look at you two too much?

“Um no. “I wonder if tomorrow’s practice is at 7 o’clock.”

“Oh yeah. “It’s 7 o’clock…!”

“Okay thank you.”

I finished my sentence hesitantly.

There is no special abnormal behavior. I feel like I’m a little motivated but…

“Good~”

At that time Eun Se-jin walked out of the living room smiled heartily and patted me on the back.

…I somehow feel like that bastard is making fun of me.

‘I don’t know.’

Everyone take care of it.

There were so many things to do until a comeback. Let me mind my own business.

“7 o’clock is too early…”

“Go to sleep quickly.”

I went into the room checked the monitoring and stage configuration once again and then immediately lay down on the bed.

Sun Ah-hyun came home quite late and went to bed. The effort to not make a sound was virtual.

‘I’m almost crawling.’

I thought about telling him that I wasn’t sleeping but I thought he would freak out so I just left it at that.

And the next day.

After morning practice around lunchtime Sun Ah-hyun went alone to practice collaboration.

It is said that from now on the work will be done in short bursts every two or three days.

“Are you okay? “I think it would be better to eat and then go.”

“It’s okay to eat after you’re done…! “It will be soon.”

“Well then.”

“wait a minute.”

I threw one of the glucose candies to Sun Ah-hyun. I am taking this as an emergency under agreement with my trainer so I may spray some.

“Thank you so much…”

“Have a nice trip.”

“Ahyeon fighting~”

“I hope you have a rewarding practice time!”

Sun Ah-hyun hurriedly took the candy and walked out the door nodding her head.

“…”

That… It’s not like they were dragging their feet when they came in.

“brother! “Please give me candy too!”

“ruler.”

“Yay!”

I finished the remaining candy and crossed my arms.

‘As expected I’d rather look into it… ’

At that time Keun Se-jin suddenly started fanning himself with his hands.

“Ah it’s hot from practice. Shall we have some ice cream? “I heard they sell it at the health food store down here!”

“great!!”

“Oh that house. “It’s light so it’ll be fine.”

“Okay~ Then I’ll give this one more go and get it with Moon Dae!”

“…?”

Why am I here?

First of all I thought he had some kind of plan so I followed him.

And as soon as Big Sejin went out the door he burst into laughter.

“Hey Park Moon-dae! “Do you really care that much?”

“What are you talking about?”

“Do you know that Ahyeon is watching us every time we schedule? “It would be more natural to talk to you!”

“…”

No I just wanted to check your appearance before and after collaboration practice you idiot.

However Keun Se-jin burst into laughter and then stumbled.

“Ah~ Is Mundaemun University maybe a good thing? Really huh? “You have to know everything in the world and massage it to get rid of your anger?”

“Be quiet.”

“I just need to use that wonderful ability on my album talented Moon Dae~”

“…”

“That’s right if you use it to choose ice cream too… euchachacha!”

“Where?”

I sprinted to catch the one running away while the others received a mysterious delivery of ice cream bullets.

And I sat on the floor of the practice room and thought briefly.

I’m so obsessed with control?

‘No I’m just trying to survive.’

Since it is about my survival right now I am concerned about the possibility of problems within the surrounding group. Isn’t it some kind of biological instinct?

‘And not even that much anymore.’

You wouldn’t die if you flew out of the status window so the target was just a high-risk target.

‘I don’t waste time on unnecessary things.’

I ate an ice cream and focused on afternoon practice.

But this concentration was soon interrupted.

This is because Sun Ah-hyun’s face was full of worry when she returned.

“I’ve been there.”

“…”

That… I guess it didn’t go well.

* * *

After returning Sun Ah-hyun quickly regained her complexion and joined practice but now the others were starting to notice the atmosphere as well.

“Didn’t something happen while preparing for the collaboration?”

“I guess the preparations are more complicated than you think.”

However there was no signal that Seon Ah-hyeon was being overexerted. That means it’s not a big deal.

Thanks to this Sun Ah-hyun was quickly assigned ice cream and the topic died down.

Usually when it comes to things like this I just check the timing and ask about it when I’m taking a break.

And usually that’s up to the roommate or the leader… After all I’m the roommate.

‘For the sake of morality should I ask?’

But there was nothing in particular for me to talk about.

After I finished practicing I sat in my room and watched the video of my choreography practice that I had filmed earlier.

There Sun Ah-hyun spoke first.

“Hey… it’s a radish radish. “Can I ask one question?”

“okay. “What is it?”

no way?

And it turned out to be right.

“Ho if you bite me… if the people you work with are a little difficult to deal with… uh what do you do?”

“…”

It was a direct request for advice.

“It depends on the situation. “What does it mean to be difficult to deal with is it a superior?”

“Oh no that’s not it. “It makes me feel uncomfortable… It feels like I’m intentionally revealing something that isn’t sincere.”

As expected.

“Well then it’s okay to be sarcastic or ignore it as long as it’s not against etiquette. “If you do better they will bow down and come in.”

“I see.”

And at that moment I realized.

‘It’s cool inside my fucking feet.’

I think I need to know everything and be able to control it to be comfortable. Damn it.

I felt devastated about losing the first win to Keun Se-jin so I continued to listen to Sun Ah-hyun. To understand the situation in more detail.

But Sun Ah-hyun… seemed a little embarrassed.

No not much.

“I’m sorry. “I’m not good at doing things on my own so I feel like I’m always getting help.”

“…?”

“The other members are all good but I think there’s something wrong with me. Even after consulting and practicing it doesn’t work…”

Why does the story turn out like that?

“There’s no problem with you. what’s the matter.”

“I’m like this every time I meet people my age… It’s been like that from the beginning…”

“…”

Perhaps because she was so embarrassed Sun Ah-hyun forgot to ask for advice as if it was a third-party problem.

“When was the first time?”

“When I was in middle school… when I was doing ballet.”

Sun Ah-hyun hesitated and spoke briefly. My voice trembled.

“I hurt my ankle… but everyone was so happy…”

I got goosebumps all the time.

“They weren’t all mean kids but I think from then on I felt like I didn’t like being around that age group…”

“…”

I got up.

“First of all I’ve never seen a member who didn’t like being with you.”

“Because everyone is nice…”

“You are the one with the best personality in this group. And you were also a courtesy middle school student.”

“huh? “Ugh.”

“You were the senior.”

“And at least a few times…”

When Sun Ah-hyun says something like that it means that she ate it all the time.

I crossed my arms.

Sun Ah-hyun’s parents who seemed cultured or professional counselors would not have talked about it this way so I’ll just have to do it myself.

“Listen. “Everything you’ve been through so far was done by envious bastards.”

“Huh?”

“I did it because I was pissed because the handsome guy was really good at dancing. Did you understand?”

“Ha but… oh okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be pushed by force and nodded. Good.

“So don’t pay attention to those bastards who look in the mirror every day and shout ‘I’m such a good guy’ 10 times and turn their eyes away in jealousy. Do you understand?”

“I only did that at the beginning of the consultation…”

“Do it again.”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face showed that she was embarrassed in a different way than just before but in the end she nodded with difficulty.

And suddenly I picked something out of his words.

“Wait a minute so you got a criminal record…”

Was it because of bullying that you switched from ballet to modern dance?

However Sun Ah-hyun hastily shook her head.

“Oh no…! “You said that ballet… is a waste of your body type.”

“form?”

“Ugh ballet is so… it’s good for the insteps to be round. I’m not like that… I also have a small pelvis. So he recommended that I take a path that would allow me to do better.”

I get it roughly.

Sun Ah-hyun is talented in dancing but her body type makes her more advantageous in becoming a top dancer than in ballet.

So I quickly changed it before preparing for college entrance exams… I guess that’s it.

In the end this guy came to the idol industry not the dance industry but he is doing well and making a lot of money so that’s a good thing.

“And now I’m putting to good use what I learned about modern dance so it’s okay.”

“Is that so…?”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled. But soon he lowered his head with a slightly dark look on his face.

“Actually today… a story about modern dance came up.”

“At collaboration practice?”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded. And he spoke with a bit of resentment in his voice.

“Oh since it’s such a difficult move none of us will show up and only Ahyeon will show up.” “I’m jealous and congratulations…”

They are truly people in capitalist society who have a knack for saying things like crazy.

“…So you couldn’t answer?”

“Oh no. “I answered but…”

Sun Ah-hyun blushed.

“Now I’m not sure. I just said ‘Thank you for saying that I’ll do well.’ But…”

“…”

“Yujin said it’s okay to just accept compliments as compliments… Is that okay? “Everyone didn’t have an answer…”

I barely answered.

“uh. “Good job.”

Surprisingly Sun Ah-hyun might be the type of person who gets along well without any malicious intent.

Big Sejin was right once again when he said there was no need to worry.

…Still the conversation earlier was something worth having at least once.

“Just do it. “Because you did well.”

“Uh yeah.”

Sun Ah-hyeon’s face brightened.

And I readily admitted defeat.

‘…Let’s prepare the album well.’

And two weeks later on December 31st.

The airing of MBS’s music program which marks the last day of the year is just around the corner.

And the stage where Testa members appeared for the first time was a collaboration stage in which Sun Ah-hyun participated.
