---
title: "Chapter 260"
category: "book"
index: 259
section: "Chapter 260"
slug: "260"
---

# Chapter 260

When Testa was busy preparing for a live broadcast on the last day of the year.

“You started early too.”

Homma an office worker who takes pictures of Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin clicked her tongue as she watched the second part of the MBS Gayo Daejejeon in which they were to appear almost come to an end.

It was funny that he could only rest in front of the TV because he was working overtime right before the New Year but it was also funny that a program that ran until past midnight started before 9 o’clock.

And actually she didn’t really need to see this from now on.

The tester won’t come out until a long time later.

‘Because I work overtime I’ve already requested upload data.’

So the reason I’m watching it now is because of mild interest.

‘I’m a bit curious about what the Sun Ah-hyun collaboration will be like.’

Of course it wasn’t a question of skill.

In fact in the group message room where some of Parkmoon University’s homeowners gathered there was some conversation about Al-Eum-Al-Eum.

About the bloody eyes that Park Moon-dae showed for a very brief moment on the day he saw the MC at SBC.

‘It rarely happens.’

Park Moon-dae was the type of person who refined himself surprisingly well in front of the camera.

Of course there were a few times when my eyes got worse during the summer package perhaps not as much as Lee Se-jin’s but… that was almost the only flaw.

This time too it was so brief that there was no need for controversy but the homemakers felt like they didn’t know why so they analyzed the angle and even found the singer’s seat at that timing.

And confirmed.

-Greetings from the collaboration kids and Sasumi…

– Hahahaha um

-It seems like it’s engraved but don’t say anything teachers.

So they had already reached an assumption that was quite similar to the truth saying ‘Ahyun seems to have had a hard time preparing for the collaboration stage.’

Of course conscious of the threat of capture and public discussion I deleted it without mentioning it in detail but office workers were there anyway.

‘Isn’t Sun Ah-hyun mentally broken?’

After guessing the story behind it I wanted to check out this stage. I was wondering if it would really be noticeable.

She updated her SNS account and watched TV indifferently.

[Coming up!]

[Gayo Daejejeon Special Stage]

[Winter boys]

The special stage arrangement was the end of Part 2.

It was a typical composition of gathering juniors and having them perform a hastily staged performance to the songs of legendary first-generation KPOP seniors.

‘It’s still tacky.’

She watched TV with considerable skepticism as she heard that half of the first generation seniors were killed by drunk drivers.

I felt a bit regretful that I was playing a song that a member I wasn’t interested in was playing a song I wasn’t interested in.

Soon mechanical accompaniment came out. It was music arranged for a dance performance without a song.

-Wee Oo Wee Oo

I guess I spent a lot of money on the electronic display board and floor which had LED effects like a water hole and it was quite nice.

‘Of course it will cool down the moment you start dancing.’

She expected a group shot that was sure to be a mess saying that the busy people must have practiced individually but the group dances were well coordinated.

But the moment the choreography starts.

-Oo-u Oo Oo-u Oo

It felt like decent quality.

“hmm?”

And she immediately knew the cause using her many years of KPOP experience.

‘The center is doing well.’

And the opening center was Sun Ah-hyun.

“oh.”

At the beginning the acrobatic movements using long limbs were different.

Even though the camera was terrible at capturing the scene Sun Ah-hyun’s movements almost created an optical illusion as if she was capturing the scene well.

There was no need for synchronized dance. The performer in the center was overwhelmingly good so it seemed as if everyone was doing well.

No wait.

“cancellation.”

However four seconds later she clicks her tongue when she sees the mess in the corner where everyone wakes up late or almost falls on the floor.

‘It’s ruined.’

Originally year-end collaborations where busy people gathered together for a one-off performance tended to end up like this but somehow it felt even more sloppy.

It was a stark contrast to when Sun Ah-hyun was at the center.

“Is Sun Ah-hyun the only winner?”

The office worker looked at the screen with interest wondering if this was a difference in competency.

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be the only one who benefited from the fact that the choreography was closer to dance rather than general broadcast dance.

He said he majored in ballet and modern dance and it seems like he studied each aspect longer than the average in this industry.

A close-up of Sun Ah-hyun caught on camera filled the screen.

The shining eyes on her beautiful face as she placed one hand on the floor was unexpectedly strong.

I knew she had a pretty face but this was surprising.

‘I thought I wouldn’t be able to show my full skills because I couldn’t show off my skills.’

She revised her judgment.

Since Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae are in the same group I thought they would join in as a favor but it seems like they have a strong platform of their own.

Without taking her eyes off the TV she watched Sun Ah-hyun’s dance performance until it reached the end.

And if this reaction were changed to something more extreme it would be the viewer’s reaction.

* * *

“Ahyeon is amazing!”

“It was really cool.”

“Thank you. thank you…!”

Sun Ah-hyun blushed and returned to the waiting room.

“I’m saying this because there’s no camera but wow Ahyeon did the best job~”

“that’s right! My brother did a great job on his own! “Others didn’t do well…”

“Hey that’s a bit much.”

Any words that did not go through Cha Yu-jin’s brain were quickly suppressed. Sun Ah-hyun’s face looks like she’s about to break out in a cold sweat.

In fact the other guys also said they did well during practice. No matter how much personality they have they are also professionals with time.

The problem came from the field.

“That’s because the bar floor is a bit slippery…”

Because it was a live broadcast there was a time calculation mistake and the water sprayed as an effect on the previous stage did not dry properly.

However since only Sun Ah-hyun moves normally that will be the loser’s excuse.

“But you didn’t slip!”

“It’s because I’ve practiced before…!”

“As expected you have accumulated your past experiences to achieve your current skills! “I respect you!”

“Uh uhm thank you…”

Like this.

‘That’s too bad.’

Originally it would have been met with criticism but when the facts were revealed it would have ended with public criticism of the broadcasting station’s poor workspace.

As things turned out like this Sun Ah-hyun ended up going up in rank alone.

-Seon Ah-hyun isn’t a popular member of the first team for no reason. That’s cool.

-It is a one-top line that is just like a man’s stone.

-Even from modern dance and ballet auditions? Honestly I think it’s a combination that can’t be resisted haha.

Checking the current public opinion it appears that the trend is similar to what was expected.

‘good.’

It was refreshing and everything was good. Everything is going well.

Except that this waiting room is not a private room.

“We had a good time too Ahyeon!”

“yes yes! Thank you…”

“We used to be similar… Ah Shinno didn’t you cover Battle A senior’s stage here back then?”

“It’s not me it’s Cheongryeo hyung. “My brother is our Medan.”

“Wow that’s right! Anyway I did something similar and it reminds me of that time right?”

“…”

VTIC shares this waiting room.

And you’re even trying to participate in Testa’s conversation.

‘Why did it end up like this?’

Actually I kind of understand why we share a room.

Since VTIC is actually the top company in the industry they seem to have a tendency to make people uncomfortable by making them share it with their seniors.

However even if you put them in groups that are too radically different from each other they would be shocked so it seems that Testa who seemed close to them was ultimately chosen as their roommate.

They had managed to invite people who could go to the American New Year’s program here so of course they had no choice but to pay attention.

‘Damn it.’

I understand that much but these bastards seem to have not developed interpersonal skills in the 9 years they have been active so they keep trying to get involved in the kids’ play.

‘Stop it.’

However he is dragging other people into the conversation.

“Do you remember me too? “It’s a special performance at the end of the year!”

“huh.”

Cheongryeo who was getting her hair done by a stylist raised the corners of her mouth.

“I did a lot.”

“…”

I can’t believe I have to start the new year with this bastard. It would have been better to be exiled to an outdoor stage.

“Guys Sejin is coming out.”

“Oooh!!”

At that time Liu Chengwu who was sitting on the sofa called the others together.

On the screen of the smartphone that Ryu Cheong-woo was looking at… there was an acting contest going on in the next town.

[hello. This is Ahn So-hyun.]

[hello. This is Bae Se-jin from Testa.]

Bae Se-jin entered with the only successful member of ‘Soft and Sweet’ as an actor.

He looked a little nervous but he was dressed neatly so he definitely looked like an actor.

“Oh a suit.”

“There was very little time so you must have had a hard time setting it up.”

“Hyung you’re handsome!”

As expected Bae Se-jin on screen calmly continued the proceedings while people even made comments saying that she would have to wear a suit for her next album.

[We who have experience in idol activities are standing on the podium together. I think you must be thrilled to be appearing at the Drama Awards today. Sejin!]

[yes. It’s been a while so I feel like I need to do better. Thank you so much for having me.]

“Young brother you are really good at it…!”

“I know.”

Bae Se-jin had good pronunciation and did not tremble.

[I started doing dramas after working as an idol but Sejin is against it right? How are your idol activities?]

[yes. I am a member of a group called Testa… It is a very enjoyable and rewarding time. I met a lot of good people.]

“oh…”

“Oh is this our story?”

“…I guess so.”

Bae Se-jin smiled faintly on the small screen. And there was a sense of awkward warmth among those watching the screen.

“Oh you seem so sincere.”

“Testa is cool~”

No you guys go back to your seats.

I tapped Keun Se-jin once who had a strange expression on his face without saying a word. The guy shrugged his shoulders with a sheepish look on his face.

‘After all time is the answer.’

It seems like they have come to accept each other. Looking at the way these guys live these days it seems like they have the worst relationship as roommates.

[The fields are different but I will do my best to show a side that is not embarrassing in either case. Now let me tell you about the categories we will be awarding today.]

Bae Se-jin finished the remaining awards well and gave a closing comment saying “I will see you again if I have a good opportunity.”

And a while later when Bae Se-jin arrived through the congested highway.

“…I’m here.”

“Oh!”

“You were really cool bro!”

“It was great.”

“Thank you so much… But because this was originally a short script!”

“No it’s cool! Thanks for talking to us!”

“…! “Oh no.”

“Not us?”

“No… that’s true!”

There was a rain of strong welcome greetings. Bae Se-jin’s face became bright.

But that atmosphere did not last long.

“Hello~ The award ceremony was great!”

“…Oh yeah. thank you.”

Bae Se-jin greeted VTIC who was pretending to know her but cast a suspicious glance and quietly retreated to the test section of the waiting room.

I guess you didn’t forget that I had a dog fight with Cheongnyeo.

“brother. “Change your clothes first.”

“…yes!”

I spent some time in the corner of the waiting room with him.

And it was still before Testa’s performance.

“Yes everyone are you enjoying watching the Song Festival the last and most spectacular entertainment of the year?”

“It will soon be a new year.”

We were called out onto the huge main stage to welcome the New Year.

On the way out it was nice to deliberately greet the poor people who were KO’d by Sun Ah-hyun but it seems that some of them had a different problem.

“cold.”

“Be quiet Cha Yu-jin! “A lot of people will be watching the new year so let’s start it off happily!”

“You’re not even smiling!”

“I’m going to laugh now!”

“stop.”

I caught two guys who were fighting and had them put their arms around my shoulders.

On a stage lined with all kinds of idols and singers we settled down in front of what seemed to be a number of familiar light sticks.

‘Even if it’s just a fancam it has to come out well.’

There was a place designated by the production team but the boundaries got blurred anyway as people flocked there.

“Wow a whole year has already passed~”

“Uh huh! It seems like it went by so quickly…”

We exchanged small words so that the people around us wouldn’t be picked up by the microphone. The countdown slowly began.

“3!”

“2!”

“1!”

As the pollen explodes the lights and sounds increase.

“Happy New Year!!”

pop.

Another strange thing happened as I entered the new year among people clapping and shouting.

“Testa shows something again this year~”

“I hope it will be a year in which we are healthy free of accidents and release great songs!”

Arms and encouragement were exchanged roughly. Likewise when I say hello to the wildly shaking light stick this time the light stick shakes like crazy.

‘My arm doesn’t really hurt.’

Yeah whatever. If it’s good it’s okay.

At that time an arm poured over my shoulder.

“Mundae you worked hard! From now on let’s just work hard and have less trouble~”

“Now please take care of me…!”

“…okay. “Happy New Year.”

I exchanged high fives and well-wishes with the members.

I felt a little strange.

‘But it’s a new year.’

There was a significant risk of falling behind in the middle but I somehow managed to get through it and face the new year as an idol.

This time last year I thought this might be the last time.

“…hmm.”

It was a bit pleasant.

“happy new year!”

The first stage of the new year was very cold loud lively and bright.

* * *

Next on the colorful New Year countdown. The main stage was being quickly cleaned up for the next stage.

And Testa was scheduled to wait right below.

Because the next stage was us.

The problem is that when I got off the stage and took a break to go to the bathroom I ran into this guy again.

“I’ll see you again soon this year. “Because there are always award ceremonies in January.”

“I guess so.”

Cheongryeo.

If this bastard is going to say such obvious things he shouldn’t disturb the few people left on standby…

“Your junior released a new song on January 5th… and the new song was performed at the awards ceremony right? “Well that’s a brave choice.”

“…”

I stopped.

‘A brave choice?’

This nuance is… Testa is losing money with the new song.

“Oh I don’t know.”

“…”

“You don’t know. There is no source of information. Right? “My junior that will be the biggest problem going forward.”

Cheongnyeo’s eyes sparkled slightly. And he spoke in a tone of advice to his juniors.

“I don’t have any connections.”

“…”

“Um… let’s just say it’s a New Year’s gift.”

Cheongryeo laughed.

“Do you know that Youngrin is preparing for activities?”

“…I heard it.”

I remembered something I heard from Youngrin in passing while preparing for the MC last time.

I thought I would do well whenever I came out because I am the one with the best music records among all the idols and former idol soloists.

‘…for a moment.’

no way…

Cheongryeo smiled bitterly.

“I didn’t know the timing. “That’s a breakthrough song to commemorate the New Year.”

“…!!”

“January 4th. So… it’s just one day from my junior’s group.”

Oh fuck.
