---
title: "Chapter 261"
category: "book"
index: 260
section: "Chapter 261"
slug: "261"
---

# Chapter 261

As soon as the live broadcast ended I called the company and spoke to the person on duty in the management office.

It seems like it will be released at the same time as Younglin.

And it is said that the company was turned upside down. It was worth it. If I were to summarize Younglin’s recent performance it would be like this.

‘Ranked 3rd on Korea’s largest music site per year.’

To provide comparative data the annual ranking of Testa’s latest song ‘Call’ is 37th.

Moreover there are only four Younglin songs in the TOP 50 on this annual chart. Two title songs one OST and one entertainment collaboration song.

It was a flagship figure.

‘I can never win.’

Not only is it popular but it also has a fairly solid fan base so there’s no room to delve into it.

In short the simultaneous release of music… was no different from an honorable death.

Of course it wasn’t just the company that turned over.

“With senior Youngrin?”

“yes.”

“under…”

The first meeting of the new year was also convened within the group.

I started the new year with a lot of work to do but in reality that wasn’t even that important compared to this situation.

I decided with utmost calmness.

‘You deliberately told me now.’

There were four days left until the comeback but it was impossible to move the date.

Cheongryeo was telling us to at least prepare our minds in a situation where no major response was possible anyway.

If it is a favor it can be seen as a favor so there is no need to expend emotions. From a competitive standpoint this may be a bit frustrating but it is beneficial.

…Yes it’s right to be angry.

“Mundae.”

“why.”

“Are you sure about that information? “Where did you hear that?”

“VTIC told me.”

Big Sejin looked at me with mysterious eyes. To roughly interpret it it means ‘Isn’t that what you’re saying is to fuck you?’

okay. Just in case I checked that too.

I threw my smartphone and said this.

“Just in case I asked Youngrin directly. that’s right.”

“Whoa.”

Since there were less than four days left and the comeback period overlapped Younglin didn’t necessarily lie.

However I was curious.

-It’s been a while since I decided but it’s surprising that Moon Dae knows.

I heard the staff talking but they said they asked just in case.

I’m sure the crew I work with will get caught up in the process but compared to our current situation there’s no time to worry about that.

‘I’m going crazy.’

I pressed my temples. At that time Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“hey! “I have a question!”

“Okay tell me Eugene.”

“Why can’t we work together with senior Youngrin?”

Liu Chengwu answered.

“…Senior Youngrin has a strong image of being trusted and listened to. “We will be pushed back a lot on the music charts.”

“You don’t know before you do it! Try it!”

Yes the ambition is bold and good… but it was a matter of atmosphere.

We’ve worked hard on our regular schedule like this but how much will our morale drop if we don’t even get first place in the real-time rankings of music sources?

And as time goes by Younglin will gain more users so this situation which was released exactly one day after Younglin’s new song was really the worst.

Younglin’s new song was released when the popularity of her music was at its peak.

‘You’ll never get first place unless you’re a site on the outskirts of town.’

The regular record has collapsed.

“…”

And Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders when she saw the mood of the members who were still immersed in thoughts and worries.

“OK. It’s okay if we don’t win first place! We’re good at it. All you have to do is put on a great performance!”

“…!”

“I’m going first on stage!”

It was a simple statement. However the atmosphere was somewhat refreshed.

“Yes it’s our first album in a while so it’s important to do well and finish it safely.”

“That’s right. W Because I prepared hard… wouldn’t it be a fun activity if I focused on showing a good side of me…?”

Yes such positive thinking is good too.

However… I like winning after all.

Let’s think.

I tapped my fingers on the living room floor.

‘How to beat Younglin on the music charts?’

First of all it was clear that Younglin was not promoting this song at all and there was almost no word of it in the industry.

Younglin’s reaction and this company’s reaction are also the same.

‘No matter what it’s T1 and I know all the rumors about the comeback of quite a few major singers.’

Younglin himself said that it was only a few days ago that the new year was decided so in this case Cheongryeo has particularly good information but most people do not know.

‘Then if Testa takes aim at that point and focuses its public promotion on entertainment… ’

No this is not it. Everything that will be aired at the end of the year has already been released and there are already enough entertainment shows that were aired at the beginning of the year. Increasing it further will only increase image consumption.

‘hmm.’

While I was rubbing the back of my neck I made eye contact with Kim Rae-bin who had a dark expression.

“…Do you really care?”

“yes? “Oh no!”

okay. You deserve more attention. Because you touched half of this album.

I was honestly embarrassed when I found out that even when the uninhabited island was shipwrecked they were working with that measurable battery.

“It’s just… I’m a bit worried that there are many listeners who don’t even try to listen to our songs because their desire to discover new songs has been satisfied by senior Youngrin’s new songs.”

Yes it means that you are worthy of worrying so much that sentences like this pour out after being nudged once.

And I was getting the point right.

“that’s right. “If a person with strong popularity gets all the attention those with a relatively stronger fandom than the public often end up in their own league.”

It was an inevitable trend.

“…”

I thought about it some more and finally opened my mouth.

“So for now I think we have to assume that no matter what we do we can’t win in music.”

“…I guess so.”

“Umm~”

“But I think we’ll win first place on music shows.”

Bae Se-jin who had a serious face was a little surprised.

“…how?”

“Is that because Senior Youngrin only releases music and we release albums? “There is an album score right?”

“ah.”

That’s right. It’s been a while since we last went to Jeongguk High School and Younglin is just a surprise single to celebrate the new year.

‘The fans will try to somehow raise the other scores and give us first place.’

Because trophies are important.

I am grateful and sorry but the public reaction to this was easily predictable.

-Honestly Youngrin should have been first but Seombyeol pushed it with a fan.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Solo who didn’t do any publicity VS a story-telling commercial Oji is a strangerㅋㅋ aren’t you embarrassed?

-Testa ㅊㅋㅊㅋ~ The fans worked hard.

-Wow it’s really distorted. In reality everyone only listens to young songs;

With the first full-length album since the accident it is time to elevate the group’s story.

At a time when the people watching the testa should be filled with mulberry Hong will cool off from a victory that only hurts.

So in the end there is a line that cannot be backed away from.

‘Even if the music is given the topicality should not be lost.’

We must maintain the public perception that we ‘deserve first place’. This is the Maginot Line.

“I would like to suggest that you only aim for average hits based on the loss of music and go all-in on topicality to somehow make your activities famous.”

“…!”

“The order of publicity announcement mentions… everything.”

Extreme selection and concentration were required.

I spoke and each member seemed lost in thought.

And the first person raised his hand.

“I agree. It’s the most reasonable right? “There is no other way.”

“okay. “This is a time when strategy is important.”

Kim Rae-bin also nodded.

“I believe that as our activities become more popular more people will try to listen to our songs even if it is late.”

He’s a pretty steadfast guy.

I chuckled and then nodded.

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with a nervous face.

“So do you have any ideas on how to make it topical?”

“We’ll have to discuss the specifics a bit more but… wouldn’t shock be the answer?”

This was the right thing to do if Younglin wanted to steal the spotlight with a surprise announcement.

“First let’s hit people in the back.”

“…??”

reversal. The unexpectedness.

* * *

Time passed and January 5th came.

Testa’s new song music video was released smoothly at midnight that day.

The title is ‘Wheel (Day)’.

-Spin the wheel

So that it flies far away

The melody resonates and is beautiful

It touches my heart let it pop

The music video was beautiful.

An amusement park in the middle of the day with sunlight shining through.

The dreamy filter and the overlapping effect of time and space gave off a mysterious atmosphere.

It boasted excellent visual beauty in an old amusement park as beautiful as something out of a novel captured by a fixed camera.

Also the strange and unrealistic scenery such as a member appearing in the foreground and another member in the corner of the screen created a strange feeling.

-Knock knock knock

A mixture of space and time.

A boy standing with his arms outstretched in front of a spinning golden Ferris wheel and the blue sky.

From anyone’s perspective it was a spiritually authentic successor to the debut song ‘Magical Boy’. It is a masterpiece that is faithful to the worldview and leaves you with a subtle emotion.

However… I was a bit bored.

-The song is really goodㅠㅠ

-It’s good to hear as we welcome the new year.

-It feels a bit like a carol and I’m excited.

Even though fans said that they couldn’t shake the cold feeling that they had been ‘bitten’.

This is because the momentum of Younglin’s new song which was suddenly released yesterday was enormous.

-Awesome Younglin hahahaha

-Wow if this is the case what should I do with the testa?

-Good fun (popcorn)

-The Testa sound source is kekeㅠㅠ I express my condolences in advance… Too bad they said it was regular.

It was not a lightning strike out of the dry sky but fans were shocked and puzzled wondering what kind of disaster this was just a day before the comeback.

Among the goals we were aiming for it was almost as if the music sector had been declared unachievable.

-Oh why?

-I prepared for each child but why is this happening? ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-I bet everything on him and liked him but now I’m so upset that I feel like I’ve been hit with cold water.

– Hahaha T1

-Please stop shouting before you open the lid… It’s been a while since we’ve done a testa activity so let’s enjoy it we just have to work hard.

Still I waited for the music video but what Testa brought was a sound source that was easy to listen to so I was lamenting.

In addition some of the elements I had expected were different which made me even less excited.

-Mundae has black hair.

-LOL… I think it was just reflected light.

-Ah hahahaha mmm

In particular fans who were excited while looking at Park Moon-dae’s year-end photos and said that it was clear that his hair was dyed black were somewhat shocked.

The same was true for other members. It was all natural hair. The atmosphere was there but it somehow lacked impact.

A comeback with a music superpower that will never be able to win no matter what they do.

After failing so many times in the most important regular event I felt drained and defeated.

-Let’s just stream hard.

-This time it’s a new song so please let’s do it properly. The kids worked so hard but it’s a bit ㅠㅠ

First fans worked hard to stream the pre-released title song from the album on music sites but the results were as expected.

[Failed to rank first in real-time entry into testa]

[Comparison of Youngrin and Testa entry graphs]

[Somewhat shocking testa sound source]

For the first time in a while excited Testa aggroes were rampant on all kinds of sites.

Just as there were many people who wanted Testa to do better there were also many who were intrigued by their poor performance.

-The testa song is good but there is a limit to the number of people. There are quite a few differences between users.

-Fans clenched their teeth and streamed and followed this much. Muggle picks are always young lol.

-Did you try to concentrate your firepower by pre-releasing the title? If they had just lined up the included songs they would have been in good shape but they seem to be losing their shape even more.

Even though they made a comeback they were in a situation where they were losing energy.

It would have been nice if they could just close their eyes and ears and just enjoy the content but fans are having a bit of a hard time because of the minds of people who can’t do that.

[202X ToneA / 01. 08. Fri]

The day has come when the T1A Awards Ceremony where Testa’s first comeback stage will be held will be aired.

Fans still waited for the members’ performance with anticipation and energy restored by being able to see the stage.

I expected that it would probably be a leisurely and light stage like ‘Picnic’.

But their expectations were shattered.

-????

-Crazy beautyㅊ;ㄴ

In a good way.

After a long wait of three hours what appeared from behind the stage were seven figures wearing giant doll masks that could be used by amusement park employees.

However the vague and clear feeling of the pre-released music video was nowhere to be found.

What took its place were intense luminous funk zippers and gloss.

Black gangster.

Wherever the light passed the luminous paint splattered randomly on the doll masks flashed.

[Wow.]

The guys dressed up in stage costumes like delinquents walked out without hesitation and took poses shaking their cute doll masks that made you feel uncomfortable.

And at the beginning the flashy movements that make you feel like you’re riding a human motorcycle.

Drr Drr Drrrrrrrrrr-!

A bass that sounds like a racing engine exhaust sound.

The electronic sound mixed with the applause beat of snare and bell sounds on top heightened the atmosphere.

The lighting flashed between warm and cool colors.

The members achieved exquisite balance in an instant with choreography that quickly caught up with each other.

And the dog riding member popped out between the large pieces that were pulled from both sides and split apart!

He picked up the mask and threw it away.

[Hi?]

It was Park Moon-dae.

Her permed side-swept pink hair flutters.

-omg

The double title of this album which we deliberately waited for without pre-releasing.

‘Drill (Night)’ has begun.
