---
title: "Chapter 262"
category: "book"
index: 261
section: "Chapter 262"
slug: "262"
---

# Chapter 262

When Testa’s new song music video was first released this was the stage style people expected.

-The dance style tickles you?

-It looks like a refreshing sweet jeans and white tees and school uniformㅠㅠ

-Refreshing and soft feeling that feeling you get at a picnic

And the stage unfolding now was exactly… the opposite.

The black costumes flashed under the fluorescent LED lights and white spotlights on the black stage.

Each member entering the intro center showed a proud face by roughly throwing the doll mask they were wearing to one side of the stage.

Swish.

The eyes on the doll mask glistened in the moving spotlight.

[Good luck! Come on in

Step on today and go faster

Run hurry up

Burning Giant

Night of Immortality]

The seven people wearing rider jackets and leather pants that fit their arms perfectly glided across the dark stage and put together an exhilarating choreography.

Whenever the LED luminous paint in the background scatters between movements and collisions intimidating walker boots cut the beat.

There was even a member who kicked the doll mask off with a walker as if it were choreography. It was Lee Se-jin’s part.

The power and composure gave a bad feeling.

Not only Park Moon-dae who was the first hitter but each time the members took off their masks colorful colors popped out.

It was a strong color that contrasted with the black costume.

[Bouncing stroke

piston joint

[A burning engine]

The song only consisted of extreme elements such as extreme low-pitched or high-pitched melodies and rap but the hook and composition were good so it caught on at first listen.

[Run faster

split the sky

[This is a stunt that goes beyond the night]

And the rushing feeling that was building up until just before the drop of the pre-chorus changes face with a prolonged exclamation.

[Yeaaaaah—]

After the fading accompaniment and voice what breaks the short silence is… a whistle.

[Whee-Whee-Whee-Ik!]

And the iconic choreography of the chorus where everyone moves as one person.

The riff melody that sticks well to the song adds to the addictiveness and rhythm.

The playful mime-like choreography that uses whistle-like sounds and even zanpaku goes well together.

[Jump off]

Cha Yu-jin who was alone at the center with dark hair grinned.

What stood out was that he was the only member who was a hair dye agent and had pitch black hair.

In addition he had colorful scarlet-colored lenses placed on his eyes.

[There is no need for a parachute

just run

[Come in]

The sound of hard boots scraping against the smooth floor reached the microphone.

The whistle melody was fast and cheerful but the use of minor notes made it feel somewhat uneasy and mischievous.

[This night in the middle of the night

just wake up

[Come in]

The screaming siren became a beat along with the melody.

[Like a drill

Warning Warning Emergency]

The choreography of jumping over the members’ arms and legs in exquisite poses as if riding an amusement ride and then falling was intense.

Regardless of whether you like it or not it was at the level of performance for a survival program.

[That’s a thrill Ha!]

The ending arrived at a rapid pace.

The dancers came out with new doll masks and put them on Sun Ah-hyun the center of the last dance break as if it were a performance.

And in the meantime the members wearing identical doll masks form the ending formation.

It was a powerful yet comical movement that involved bending the neck of the doll mask crookedly like a wooden doll.

Kkeeeeeeeee!

A sound like a bike with brakes spread across the stage.

The lights suddenly turn off.

[Drill]

That’s how the stage ended.

But the audience’s reaction has just begun.

* * *

– and me

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Testa! Testa 1 Testa! Testa!

– Hahahaha that’s crazy.

Screams admiration and laughter came from everywhere from the audience at the scene to live broadcasts on the Internet.

There was no noble interpretation or meaning on stage.

People were excited by the crazy performance and song which was aimed only at achieving the WOW point.

Because it was an activity song made to do that.

-I love it so much. As expected Testa is the best to watch on stage haha.

-This house is good at twists and turns.

-What is Park Moon-dae’s rap? No what color is everyone’s hair? I like it.

-When I take off the doll mask I get a little goosebumps and feel embarrassed but I’m sick of it.

It was a stage that possessed all three virtues\: an intense and fun performance a personality that even slightly manic elements and the unexpectedness that fans love.

The more serious fans excitedly tore into the stage and enjoyed a taste of the new activity until the night.

The atmosphere in the fandom which had cooled down once due to the co-starring with Younglin heated up again.

Because there has never been such a pleasant and appropriate twist!

-Coloring your hair color

00\:26 Park Moon-dae pink / 00\:38 Lee Se-jin ash blonde / 00\: 51 Kim Rae-bin silver hair / 01\: 02 Sun Ah-hyun light purple…

-Bae Se-jin’s blue hair is so good. It’s a human summer school ticket ㅠㅠ

-I thought the blue-wool dyeing wouldn’t suit me but there is no such thing as a Northern Grand Duke. The gray color is perfect. Let’s stuffed the wolf mask and throw it away and become a wolf.

-I compared the pre-released song and the accompaniment and there is quite a bit of overlap. Is there something more related to the lyrics?

– Release the music quickly. The company is asking if you don’t row when the water comes in.

And before the fun time is over. Testa immediately released a new music video at midnight that day.

[TeSTAR ‘Drill (Night)’ Official MV]

-omg

-No what is happening?

-Already??

-I released all the crazy music too haha.

-Are you finally going to row when the water comes in?

The buzz that arose on stage was carried over to the music video. So the buzz exploded once again.

The music video captured only the charm of visual beauty and group dance with extremely high purity.

Inside the night-opening amusement park which sparkled with firecrackers and glow-in-the-dark lights members dressed in exaggerated costumes continued their shooting and acrobatic choreography.

Wearing a doll mask and riding a wild motorcycle with a siren sounding I rode through the fairy square.

-It’s a fantasy amusement park day/night concept.

-Of course idol music videos are like watching group dance.

Thanks to the outstanding talent of the members the performance was not shy and was simply full of attractive power. It was fun because it was a bit creepy and strange and most of all it was a fun picture for the eyes.

Of course there was nothing that was directly seen as a worldview element but it wasn’t completely remote either.

————————=

[Is the music video crazy?]

The scenes of the drill wheel and music video are all connected by time slot.

(Link) Here in front of the carousel in front of the Ferris wheel and in front of the mirror it’s all the same composition.

The more you look the more you’ll find

————————=

-Goosebumps

-I can’t believe you connected it like this.

-Crazy Crazy I saw this post and tried it but if you play the drill in reverse the wheel chorus melody appears (file)

└Awesome

└The interlude was somehow unique… Wow… Wow…

└ㅠㅠㅠAhhhh it’s so much fun. I need to see my album as soon as possible. ㅠㅠ

This is because it was symmetrical with other titles.

It was quite fun to see the coolness and mystery of the day change into the extremeness and splendor of the night.

And Testa had no intention of using this pre-released title as a throwaway card.

On the second day of ToneA which was held for two consecutive days they also performed ‘Wheel (Daytime)’.

[Spin the wheel

[To fly again]

It was a beautiful and refreshing performance that used camera work to the limit on a large stage set that seemed to have been taken straight from an amusement park.

The reaction to this stage which would have originally been pretty good even attracted attention due to the contrast with the ‘Drill (Night)’ stage that was released earlier.

Moreover it raised Testa’s reputation to the next level.

-Testa has a really wide spectrum. It will be fun to be a fan.

-Wow if there are two original titles it’s right to have different feelings. It’s amazing that they are so drastically different.

-After all a singer has to be good at his/her job…

-Oh I lined up the music. It’s hard to do this with a surprise release at midnight… ㅊㅋㅊㅋ

Testa’s strategy of gaining all the buzz other than being number one in music was a huge success.

However the person in charge of planning this matter was biting his tongue with a somewhat disappointing aftertaste.

* * *

‘Mission clear doesn’t appear.’

I frowned when I saw the mission window still counting down.

In fact I won the grand prize once at ToneA. The Artist of the Year Award.

‘It was possible because there were three categories in the grand prize.’

While VTIC took care of the album and Younglin took care of the song we also took care of one.

Even so VTIC fans feel that they have been ‘lost’ due to company issues so perhaps it is only natural.

This is similar to when winning the Rookie of the Year award.

‘We have to acknowledge that the public is the target.’

In short it had to be the top of the current VTIC level. Testa was still in the position of a challenger.

Not yet.

‘This year we’ll have to go as far as hitting.’

Maybe it would be possible with this album.

The album sales were huge as fans were excited. Already 700000 copies have been sold through pre-order alone. It has increased since ‘Call’.

…The marketing strategy of releasing 4 albums and then selling special editions with limited reservations may have also played a role.

Still since the composition was good it would not violate commercial ethics. I even included a key ring in the shape of a doll mask as a Blu-ray bonus in the photo book.

‘The music charts are also going well.’

As if the aggressive strategy of using the stage had worked the pre-released song ‘Wheel’ was also performing well on the music charts.

This also did not surpass Younglin but the important thing is perception.

‘It seems like a trend.’

The more famous the song on this album becomes the less backlash it will be when it hits #1.

Even though the music score is lower than Youngrin’s it is the perfect result at a time when the reputation of being ranked first ‘because it’s deserved’ is needed.

Similar words are already being said.

-Testa I should have revealed the drill sooner. It would be a waste of everything.

-If the music source had been announced and released more it would have been ranked higher in line… It’s a pity.

-In my opinion it was a failed promotional strategy. If you push the drill first and follow up with the wheel you will win the music as well.

└222 This is it

The success of the strategy is highlighted by public opinion which believes that Testa suffered losses due to the failure of the strategy.

‘good.’

After winning first place on a music show we will be able to attract public backlash. I decided to be satisfied with this.

In fact even if I wasn’t satisfied I didn’t have time to do anything else.

“Your mask is really cute!”

“Oh you too.”

“My mask is a tiger so it’s cool!”

No that’s a striped cat. I passed over Cha Yu-jin who was making unconvincing arguments and took the formation.

Even in the spare time between schedules you have to use the interlude to film choreography videos or practice or familiarize yourself with the script.

“Have you seen all the smartphones?”

“okay. “The response is good.”

I agreed putting my phone in the corner.

“Are you all satisfied with the song? “I wonder how many similarities you found between the two title songs!”

“You found it well. Analysis articles are already being posted.”

“…! Is that so!”

“Ravin would be nice~”

I saw Keun Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin happy to hear the good news tidying up their dyed hair and starting to wear masks.

To be exact their light colored hair.

‘That… will drain less water.’

Everyone’s hair roots were strong and their hair was still in good condition but the most important thing was that they were sweating in the dyed color.

There are seven of us so it’s a total mess every time we do something. It looks like the inside of the doll mask will be dyed before this activity is over.

‘Everyone must have a hard time managing it.’

For a while the bathroom seemed like a mess. Still it was a meaningful challenge so everyone seems satisfied.

‘Because people like it.’

That’s enough right? All you have to do is endure it for a month or two.

My head… well it’s prone to static electricity.

[Hi]

I shrugged my shoulders and performed the choreography neatly according to the song.

As the busy and work-filled days were passing quickly a new schedule plan came out.

“Oh~ spring tour!”

“The concert is finally happening.”

“I’m looking forward to it…!”

It’s this year’s concert tour.

I understood up to that point. We canceled it last year too but it’s finally time to do it.

However scale was the problem.

“…Dome tour.”

“yes!”

In Japan a dome tour was scheduled for a large concert hall that could accommodate more than 30000 people.

I thought it was a joke.

‘Wouldn’t the arena be perfect for our weight class?’

But no.

“Starting with Tokyo and ending with Osaka episode 6…”

“oh…”

These guys really captured the venue.

…It turns out that the company’s higher-ups were biting their nails while looking at the financial statements for the fourth quarter of last year.

Due to the cancellation of the tour and inactivity profits were reduced.

So the head of the division made a decision… The demand for next year’s Testa performance was excessive and the venue was set up.

One of them was the Japan Dome Tour.

‘Well this won’t work.’

Aren’t we in the weight class for a dome tour?

however…

“Oh it’s sold out??”

“…??”

It worked surprisingly well.

This album may have been well-received in Japan as well but like a lie last year’s irrational numbers were right.

And it wasn’t just Japan that did that.

‘what’s this.’

It all started with a promotional opinion made by Cha Yu-jin.
