---
title: "Chapter 263"
category: "book"
index: 262
section: "Chapter 263"
slug: "263"
---

# Chapter 263

In fact Cha Yu-jin’s opinion was not an unusual promotional method.

“Let’s create a challenge!”

“Challenge?”

“Try to dance challenge!”

In short it means ‘Take a video of us dancing.’

It was a short video content that was popular a few years ago. Honestly I haven’t seen a team make a comeback these days and not try this.

‘The Gold 1 group also made quite a splash with this.’

But that’s because the company does a good job and most of the time it ends up being just a matter of trying. People don’t dance along because the song is good and the choreography is good.

I’m not sure but it seemed like there was a preference for enjoyment there.

However Cha Yu-jin had a surprisingly good sense of how to handle it.

[I put on a sky filter like this… then suddenly change it to a Halloween filter and change the song!]

“oh.”

[After the feeling of things building up in the pre-chorus of Wheel…]

Cha Yoo-jin adjusted the music and added Drill’s dark and intense whistle refrain to the end of the refreshing and powerful high-pitched part of Wheel.

[Whisk! And hit the bat! Insert the drop of the drill and you are done. It’s good right?]

‘Are you okay?’

It’s a bit childish but the atmosphere and song choreography all change with a single whistle so it caught people’s attention instantly.

Sun Ah-hyeon who had no interest in this nodded her head.

“So cool…!”

“I know!”

It just looked good. This means that even without prior knowledge a similar context to popular things was visible.

‘If you do it well you will see some effect.’

“What do you all think…”

As I was immediately trying to confirm the pros and cons by raising my hand I saw a few people’s faces saying ‘I’m not sure if I understand this English.’

…Is translation a priority?

“I think we can bring out the unexpected charm by creating a dance challenge following the two title songs.”

“Ah~”

And only then did an opinion emerge.

Most were in favor.

“Then both songs can receive promotional effects.”

“I guess our promotion and story will be similar? A taste of twist! Oh Cha Yu-jin~”

“Hehe.”

It was not a risky gamble and honestly it was a method that was close to standard these days so it passed quickly both within the group and at the company.

“They say they will also add arrangements through platform partnerships.”

“Yeah~”

“Then I guess I’ll have to film a video to announce the challenge. “One per person.”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“…alone?”

“yes.”

Due to the nature of these videos you had to push them in as much as possible to get a good view.

Bae Se-jin’s face was filled with worry.

“Mememe! “Start with me!”

Of course Cha Yu-jin had fun filming the video.

To be honest this one seemed the most plausible to me. It seems that he made the suggestion because he had a completed picture inside him.

It was perfect to include the head tilting and catchy choreographed hand movements of the Drill refrain.

‘Maybe it’s because I’m young.’

This kind of sense was instinctively good for a guy.

However there is also someone who is the same age as Cha Yu-jin and has failed to film about 10 times.

“If I do this…?”

“ha ha ha! “Kim Rae-bin is so bad!”

“…! “It’s my first time trying it but if I figure out the principles a few more times I’ll be able to do better than you!”

“No you idiot!”

And Kim Rae-bin barely succeeds and is mentally defeated by Cha Yu-jin.

“It’s okay…”

Cha Yu-jin enjoyed the leisure of the winner.

“You did everything well. “It’s because I like Kim Raebin’s songs!”

They give me a bottle and give me medicine.

“…”

for a moment. Now that I think about it strictly speaking Kim Rae-bin who has the slowest birthday is the youngest… but she has nothing to do with the latest trends.

Anyway the video we uploaded went quite viral as it aligned with our promotional strategy.

It even improved on its own from Cha Yu-jin’s original plan and users even created a modified new trend among themselves.

[Testa Reversal Challenge!]

Bae Se-jin watched a collection of videos on WeTube and said with a mysterious expression.

“So you’re wearing a doll mask and running around among butterflies… then suddenly you throw away the mask and pretend to be a villain.”

“…Of course.”

“…isn’t it so different from what we did?!”

Bae Se-jin said it a bit harshly but it was the correct answer.

The Drill stage which was first performed at the awards ceremony became quite famous so it seemed to have been influenced by it.

‘It’s rather good.’

It was a huge success because it was even reproduced to an even greater extent. Videos will continue to pour in.

‘Younglin will never be able to do something like this with this new song.’

It was a song that strictly focused on ‘the pleasure of listening’.

As planned the winners and losers were divided in content beyond music streaming.

As things turned out like this the company was so excited that they even suggested a ‘filter partnership for drills’ but Cha Yu-jin was firmly opposed.

“There are a lot of people who hate this challenge because it’s too cheesy. “You can’t use our music video because it’s cool!”

“Um okay.”

This means lowering the barrier to entry by only going viral with the song and its familiarity and not getting too deeply involved.

It was consistent with the argument I was trying to make.

‘It’s useful.’

He was a smart guy. The problem is that you only focus on things you are interested in.

With Cha Yu-jin’s promotional strategy playing a part the activities proceeded as scheduled as if the previous emergency had been a lie.

[New Testa song with great momentum]

[Drill music video view count trend.jpg]

[Drill choreography video appeared]

Articles and videos about Testa’s activities flooded the Internet. This means that the topicality is on track.

And as soon as the results began to be reflected they were immediately nominated for first place on a public broadcast music broadcast.

result?

“Live music! 1st place this week… Congratulations Testa!”

Of course I won the award. However the score was as expected.

‘It’s about 1000 points short of Younglin in terms of sound source.’

But it was okay. Unless you’re an extreme music supremacist or anti-fan the atmosphere was that you ‘deserved it’.

It was a victory for the strategy of creating a justification.

I nodded with quite a thrill of satisfaction.

won

“…thank you!”

“It’s been a long time… Thank you so much for not giving up supporting me and waiting for me. Thank you so much Lover…!”

Perhaps because it was the first place on a music show for a long time there were a lot of people who were particularly upset.

“Is Lee Se-jin crying too?”

“Yes my brother is crying loudly~”

It was a bit funny to see even people who didn’t think they would be so thrilled but it must have been much better than if they thought they would receive it of course.

‘The country is in a tight grip with this.’

I sang an encore about five times along with the snoring guys.

It was a point where the saying ‘It’s a shame that Testa came out with Youngrin’ changed to ‘It’s a shame that Youngrin’s song came out with Testa’.

It was around this time that I spent about two weeks doing promotions through entertainment shows.

‘I need to check the other boards as well.’

I slowly began to look at news from overseas. This was after confirming that the tour scale had increased tremendously.

‘In the first place Drill was launched with the fear of a global reaction.’

It’s fun to listen to without being complicated the visuals are amazing and the choreography is amazing… This is a sentiment that is accepted all over the world.

‘So has demand increased with this album?’

However the moment I performed the search I was a bit perplexed.

“…?”

‘Why are there so many?’

The results were more brilliant than expected.

Global. This is where Cha Yu-jin’s promotional strategy began to reveal its true value.

* * *

It is said that ‘Testa’s Inverted Dance Challenge’ created by Cha Yu-jin has deeply inspired overseas fans.

‘This is what works for muggles!’

So KPOP fans who have a crush on Testa bombarded all kinds of YouTubers and people around them with requests to watch this new song.

The format was simple. The child is made to watch ‘Wheel’ first followed by ‘Drill’.

In fact quite a few people liked just ‘Drill’.

It was a blockbuster comic movie + game cinematic trailer style video aimed at the tastes of nerds around the world.

However when I pre-watched the song ‘Wheel’ which is completely opposite the reaction was better because of the gap shown by the same group in the same background.

[Oh the background is the same? This amusement park promoter… what? Are these the same kids?]

[Oh my God! This bike riding bastard is fucking cool!]

[I’ll tell you now that the only people who can accept a man with dyed hair are K-pop stars like this cool anime character.]

This means that selling views has become better. This guy and that guy even people who weren’t reaction YouTubers took videos.

And since the videos and songs were selected to target global tastes as exposure increased the number of views for Testa’s new music videos skyrocketed.

In particular ‘Drill’ is said to have even entered the real-time popular video rankings in the United States.

‘…it’s coming to the mainstream.’

It was a triumph.

I admitted it.

Cha Yu-jin… I think I should at least grill some meat.

“Do you want to eat a cow or a pig?”

Like a ghost Cha Yu-jin answered from across the room.

“I like cows! “I like Korean beef!”

“okay.”

However it did not end here.

And when something becomes very popular gossip will naturally follow from anywhere.

I think it was Japan this time.

[It’s amazing that this fits so well (video) (*´ ω｀*) _]

Some animation fans used our challenge and music video while compositing scenes and a fight suddenly broke out over it… and it seems to have become even more famous.

It didn’t even explode among Testa fans and animation enthusiasts but Korean critics asked.

– Since we can’t use Japanese singers whose image rights are precious are we using Korean idols? Since the classes themselves are different it would be better to stop.

-Korean Wave fans always go beyond the topic and don’t want to see it (laughter)

-Is this something to react to? So-called K-pop fans are too extreme.

-I’m not interested in K-pop that copies America and Japan. I wish I could go back to my country.

└Testa never entered Japan in the first place? (´・ω・｀) ?

-Only the net right wingers are excited (laughter)

It is said that a dog fight broke out as K-pop fans clashed with forces that they absolutely dislike in Korea.

A YouTuber summarizing Japanese reactions summed it up in a lively tone.

[So is Testa being boycotted in Japan as the net right wing claims?]

[Testa’s album was #1 on the Oricon chart this week!]

“…”

The Japanese viral success was achieved without any attempt.

Since the controversy wasn’t caused by us there was less resistance so more people came in and thought ‘What on earth is that?’

And since they are conceptual and well good-looking their number of fans seems to have increased rapidly.

‘Come to think of it I haven’t been to Japan since the visit.’

Because of the sudden public exposure caused by the controversy it seemed like the backlog of potential fans came in at once.

-The face of the light purple member with deer horns is so amazing that it can only be described as a prince.

-Is the black hair the center? He’s really handsome. It’s dangerous. I’m already watching the video for the fifth time.

-pink! pink! pink! I’m now a fan of the pink puppy! (Capture from Park Moon-dae)

And these people are the ones who filled the weight class of the concert that has grown from the arena to the dome.

In the end… the dance challenge that Cha Yu-jin started exploded like a branch spreading to all sorts of places.

“…”

This… isn’t this album really going to win the grand prize?

‘There is a possibility.’

I thought about wishful thinking for a moment and tried to end the monitoring.

I would have done so if it hadn’t been for the news article that popped up in the search engine before I turned it off.

[VTIC’s comeback confirmed in February… The top of the music industry is returning.]

“…”

These bastards… have no intention of resting?

After some time it was even confirmed that he was killed.

[VTIC senior Chaeyul\: We’ll be making a comeback next month Mr. Moon Dae! We ask for your interest~]

[VTIC Senior Shinno\: (shooting gun emoticon with hand)]

I don’t know why these guys invite people to group messengers to announce news that they can send individually. Are you scratching?

[Yes congratulations.]

I gave a standard answer. Then I received a private message from the guy who had been posting pictures of dogs.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Really?]

This guy is real.

[sure. I wish you success during your activities. It’s just a shame that I won’t be able to see you if you go to the military.]

It means hurry up and go to the military.

The answer came only after a slight delay.

[hmm? Why me?]

what?

The next messages arrived one after another.

[I am only serving for 6 months because my mother is a person of national merit. Didn’t you know?]

“…”

[Oh I see you didn’t make a presentation this time. I’m sorry^^ junior.]

[You’re active duty right? Have a nice trip.]

You bitch.

I turned off my smartphone and made a promise.

‘Starting from this tour… all schedules will be used to increase weight class.’

I’ll make sure this bastard enlists in the army next year.

And then a suitable offer came from Netplus.

“A documentary.”

“yes! “They do it a lot these days.”

It was a behind-the-scenes documentary of the concert tour.
