---
title: "Chapter 264"
category: "book"
index: 263
section: "Chapter 264"
slug: "264"
---

# Chapter 264

I put my hands on the table.

It was a small table placed in a hotel room to fit the bill but in front of it was a camera as big as the table.

The crew behind the camera said.

“Please introduce yourself.”

“yes. hello. This is Testa’s Park Mun-dae.”

I nodded at the camera. And he said with a faint smile.

“I am currently participating in Testa’s second concert tour.”

I am also participating in the production of a concert documentary.

This is what I’m doing now.

‘Actually I take a lot of behind-the-scenes photos of concerts.’

It gives you a sense of familiarity with individual idols and the stories behind the concerts you attended are also interesting.

However it is rare to produce a separate documentary. It’s encouraging that they launched it in front of the general public rather than treating it as a product that only fans can see.

This means that the production left a mark on the flow of popular music to the extent that it has public significance.

‘So to speak it’s like a symbol of a different class.’

For example VTIC has probably already released three or four documentaries.

So everyone acknowledged that this was an act of knocking on the threshold of heaven.

However whether everyone liked it was a slightly different question.

-… Wouldn’t it be uncomfortable? The camera stays on for several months.

-Well I heard you come in appropriately under consultation.

-I don’t have a very interesting daily life so I’m concerned that related content might not be interesting…

-Ah the experts will take care of the editing for you~ There’s no need to be too thirsty for fun it’s a documentary not an entertainment show! Will you do it nicely?

In the end with a majority vote and appropriate persuasion the documentary was filmed and there have been no major problems so far.

‘It seems a bit… too sticky.’

For example something like this.

“What part of the tour do you find most uncomfortable?”

“Well it’s probably an environmental factor like adjusting to time difference or finding a new performance venue.”

“Ah I think you can do that. “Then… how about on a more emotional level?”

“Well emotionally…”

I can sense the production team’s desire to film raw scenes.

Every camera shows an attempt to reduce the distance from my inner self.

If you lower the tension by asking a simple question and then give a refined answer you will gradually change your direction to reveal your true feelings.

It was a decision-making process that was different from the entertainment production team that sought stimulation.

Of course in this case it would be enough to come up with a more ‘honest-sounding’ answer.

“I think it’s because I can’t bear the thought of the audience not being able to fully enjoy the concert due to factors beyond my control.”

I took a pause as if thinking briefly and then answered again.

“So I think that’s the most sensitive and nerve-wracking thing. “The perfection of the concert.”

If you do this you will feel satisfied that you have discovered the personality of the respondent.

Sure enough the production crew nodded and moved on to the next question.

“So what does the concert mean to Testa?”

“The closest thing I can do is to meet my fans…”

After that I think they gave a good documentary-like answer. An edited version would be nice.

* * *

“thank you.”

The interview continued like that for about an hour. And it ended with the production crew leaving to visit the next batsman.

“…”

I lay down in bed.

The tour itself is more leisurely than the activity period.

Now that we have time we are given a private room in a hotel during the tour. And between concerts there is quite a long break to recover.

“It’s quiet.”

I closed my eyes. I felt a little awkward perhaps because I had lived among such noisy people for so many years.

“…”

Just before useless thoughts hit me.

Suddenly the question I had just heard from the production crew rang in my head.

-What does a concert mean?

Then there is a scene that suddenly comes to mind.

The first concert of this tour.

It’s been a long time since I held a concert at Gocheok Dome in Seoul.

-Waaaa!!

cry. flame. opening.

And high purity concentration.

If this huge psychological uplift and overwhelming feeling were the essence of a concert then the donation concert that was held non-face-to-face could just be called filming.

Perhaps because it had been so long since then I felt as if I was underwater.

The air is different.

Although concerts were a good source of income for the company there was no transcendent space for the performers.

If you do it right the reward is more than the burden. And it’s been a long time since this group did that.

“after.”

…I’m glad the documentary crew didn’t arrive from Seoul.

‘Because everyone went home in a hurry.’

I would never have been able to get an interview like that.

-Dream as blue as the day!! Sigh!

The guys who were holding hands and singing their debut song in the dorm were drunks themselves. I can see that if the soundproofing wasn’t there there would have been complaints.

‘Liu Chengwu cut the request well.’

I briefly credited the leader. And I fell asleep right away while checking the next W Live schedule.

…Remembering that there are 34 hours left until the next concert.

‘It’ll be soon.’

Because it’s the United States the venue is smaller than Korea but it still feels like a concert. There will be a similar density of pleasure.

And after the hotel retreat and rehearsal the concert started again.

[Hello LA!]

[Wooooow!]

okay. The concert was still a special experience and fun to do.

However I need to further revise my impression of the documentary production team.

‘These guys are too much.’

“Mr. Moon Dae are you okay?”

“…it’s okay.”

I stood up and took off the ventilator. Then the camera hurriedly catches up and another production crew member hurriedly writes something in the background.

It was truly meaningful.

‘Do you make stories?’

However it would be faster to find an idol who doesn’t use a ventilator but if you focus on ‘passion’ with this you will only end up with a boring picture.

‘VTIC has already ate up all the bones.’

But after the concert ended I caught up with the situation in a restarted interview.

“Mr. Moon Dae have you ever felt any aftereffects since the car accident?”

“…? Car accident… Um no. “I am healthy.”

He started asking about my physical condition.

‘Oh I see.’

I think they wanted to capture the concept of a ‘perfectionist idol who does his best even though his body hurts.’

It’s fun to include narrative rather than just dry facts in a documentary so it’s a good attempt…

‘It’s a scam.’

Even by modern medical standards I was declared cured.

There are a lot of intense movements in this album so I even stretched my muscles so it would be deceptive to tell the story in that direction.

I am extremely strong.

‘If you spread this you’d be caught on a lie detector test.’

Even getting an interview regarding ‘anxiety after a traffic accident’ is the Maginot Line. I added a little more firmly.

“I wanted to show my fans a good side of me as soon as possible due to their concern but I am now completely healthy.”

Then there was a mysterious silence among the production crew.

What is this?

“Well Mr. Mundae. “It seemed like you were moving beyond your limits during the concert.”

“…Me?”

Were you at a different concert than me?

“yes. The same goes for oxygen masks. “The members also say that.”

“Members?”

What does this mean?

In the meantime these bastards are catching me in a panic and are having a good time. Is it that much fun?

“I see that Mr. Moon Dae is having a harder time than before after the accident but he doesn’t show it as much as possible every time so it hurts my heart.”

“…”

In an instant evidence passes by my head.

-You… have already lost stamina due to the aftereffects.

-I guess being seriously injured and lying down for so long affected my condition.

“It seems like you are feeling physically stressed but you said you would like me to lean on you a little more.”

No the corner I leaned on was Bacchus.

And even without that I’m fine now but the members kept remembering me from the days when I was receiving ‘Bacchus’ and comparing myself to now.

In fact I forgot that my physical strength was unrealistically good before that.

And contrary to my resolution I put ‘Mission Constitution’ in the empty space of ‘Bacchus’ putting an end to the peak of my physical strength that I could never return to…

In addition the system is leaving and you can no longer get lottery tickets.

‘It’s ruined.’

It’s a rumor.

I held back my silence and barely opened my mouth.

“…I didn’t know the members said that.”

I’m not moved so don’t laugh.

But I have to use that misunderstanding.

I paused for a moment and then answered slowly.

“I was injured the most. So the members paid a lot of attention. “I think it was said in a similar context this time… I’m just grateful.”

…It’s also half sincere.

So stop talking about the heartwarming friendship between members and give up on stories about overcoming injuries.

But these guys didn’t give up.

“here!”

“Are you okay?”

“…okay.”

‘under… ’

First of all I persistently took pictures of myself backstage. In particular it was clear that he preferred to be supported or out of breath.

‘I guess I’m completely hooked.’

I thought about giving a few serious warnings but then gave up.

‘Do whatever you want.’

As I watched it it captured interesting points well and the documentary itself seemed like it would be fun and based on facts.

However I thought it would unintentionally give the public a distorted fantasy about me but whatever… that was okay.

‘Injury and fighting spirit are common behind the scenes.’

Yes this job may start with deception and end with deception… Let’s get our money’s worth.

‘It looks like the rumor about the aftereffects from the member’s foot is spreading all over the world… ’

I gave up everything and focused on the concert.

But it seems that there are some who couldn’t do that.

“Stop! stop!”

“…!”

A slightly longer VCR is played before the encore. Suddenly a loud noise came from the backstage.

That was the voice of the least sensitive among us.

“Eujin?”

“Are you Cha Yu-jin?”

The guys who were waiting after changing their costumes were taken aback by the unexpected situation and ran.

It was a bit weird because the camera was chasing me but I included a clause in the contract that included disposing of the film anyway.

‘Confirming the situation is a priority.’

And as I turned around the hallway I saw the place where the sound came from.

It was a small backstage room mainly used to manage muscle spasms and joint pain.

Cha Yu-jin had a patch on her shoulder as if she was receiving emergency care but there were more urgent matters than that.

This is because Cha Yu-jin was in a confrontation with the documentary crew.

“…Eujin?”

Cha Yu-jin looked this way but then looked straight ahead again.

To be exact the production crew beyond the cameraman.

“Don’t do that. “I don’t like it.”

“yes yes. sorry.”

“Let’s go out. “Don’t come in here.”

And he decisively sent the production team out.

“…wait a minute.”

I also sent the camera that followed me outside. It was a bit annoying to try to take pictures of even the closed door until the end but Cha Yu-jin came first.

As soon as Ryu Cheong-woo confirmed that the door was closed he turned off the microphone and spoke to Cha Yu-jin.

“Eujin. There’s a camera. “If you have something to say it’s not too late even after the concert is over and the cameras come down.”

“…”

“For now even if there are complaints let’s just say let’s have a concert. “There are only 4 minutes left until our encore… no only 3 minutes.”

“…OK. all right.”

Cha Yu-jin didn’t look very happy but she nodded. I’m not the type of person who gets out of shape on stage so an encore will be fine.

‘I thought the documentaries were excessive.’

Still I didn’t expect Cha Yu-jin to be like this.

I don’t know what on earth scratched him to make him react like this. Still it seemed like the production crew kept the line.

I held back a sigh and opened the door. Immediately the camera popped in.

…This time it bothered me a bit too. That passion might be the cause.

‘I guess I’ll have to talk to you as soon as I’m done.’

But before this concert even ended shit broke out again.
