---
title: "Chapter 265"
category: "book"
index: 264
section: "Chapter 265"
slug: "265"
---

# Chapter 265

As expected the encore itself went off without a hitch.

[See ya!!]

Cha Yu-jin ran across the stage as if she had never screamed before looking for cameras and the audience.

And the tension was maintained until the moment we went backstage.

‘good.’

I calmed my head from the lingering effects of the concert.

I need to go down like this and talk to Cha Yu-jin then use that as a base to talk to the production team again.

I know you’re trying to draw a picture but let’s get on with it.

However there was no time for that when the guys with cameras from the backstage caught up with us as we came down the stage.

‘These guys really don’t know how to give up.’

I had a strong feeling that if I got angry I would secretly be happy that the boundary with real life was broken down.

“…”

Cha Yu-jin glanced at the documentary crew but took the water and drank it without another word.

‘It seems genuine.’

I guess I relaxed a bit while performing on stage. I cleaned up the situation by wiping my neck with a towel.

It was then.

The production team quickly approached me. The camera followed closely.

“Yujin you seem to be regaining your composure very quickly… Could it be that from the previous accident-”

“Stop it.”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin suddenly intervened and pressed the camera with her hand.

It was an unexpected action.

“Uh oh!”

“I said it. “Why don’t you listen to me like this?”

“for a moment.”

Why is this guy acting like this all of a sudden?

‘If this happens we will have crossed the line first.’

The members who were catching their breath were startled and clung to the sudden action.

However Cha Yu-jin stared at the production crew without taking her hand off the camera for quite some time.

“Eujin put down the camera.”

“What are you doing now!”

“Wait a minute wait a minute. Director I’m sorry but we need to talk about it among ourselves. wait a minute.”

Keun Se-jin managed to end the situation beat the production team well and went straight to the waiting room.

widely.

“Let’s sit down.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin sat on the sofa in silence. Liu Chengwu started his luck.

“Eujin it may be uncomfortable for the production crew but… you can’t get out of hand while working. “We need to talk.”

“You didn’t listen to me.”

“Wait a minute bro. “Listen to Cha Yu-jin.”

Big Sejin intervened.

“When you were on ‘Idol Inc.’ you cried and just endured it. “When we were filming a reality show in the early days of our debut you didn’t say anything even when there were cameras all over our dorm right?”

Perhaps because of the urgency and seriousness of the situation it was not as soothing as usual.

“But if you do this now do you think people will think about whether what you say is right or wrong? “You just float away and think that people have changed.”

“That’s different.”

“It may be different. But it’s of no use if the viewers can’t see it?”

“…”

“Eujin while working not everything can be reasonable and right in your eyes. If that is possible is it God or man? “First of all I apologize for touching the camera…”

But no sooner had he finished speaking than a backlash came.

“…No it’s true that those people were the ones who made the mistake first. “That was rude.”

“…!”

This is Bae Se-jin.

“I think we should definitely do that. “I endured it when I debuted so it’s strange that I’m still being asked to endure it.”

“Brother Sejin.”

Seon Ah-hyun called out restlessly but Bae Se-jin did not withdraw her words.

Instead a brief look of irritation flashed across Big Sejin’s face.

“brother. “When I talk about that now… no I’m not asking them to apologize for doing a good job.”

“Yeah I guess they’re just trying to get over it. But does it really have to be that way?”

“…Wow… wow.”

“stop.”

I raised my hand. And pressed his temples.

“There is no need for us to talk too long about something like this. “I just need to talk to the production crew and get the film removed.”

It is true that opinions are divided but there is no need to end the situation. You just have to be careful at this moment.

I summarized the whole situation in one word.

“Something like this happens when you work.”

“…”

The two kept their mouths shut. I tried my best not to hit it but it still didn’t hit me.

‘It almost went crazy.’

I held back a sigh. And then he spoke to Cha Yu-jin who was still keeping her head down.

“…You need to cool off.”

“…”

There was no answer.

After confirming that Kim Rae-bin was hesitantly remaining in the room I left the water in front of them and came out of the room.

I was planning on having a conversation with the production team with Ryu Cheong-woo but the camera caught up with me again… I need to do something about this.

I moderated the empty words of Ryu Cheong-woo who was worried about Cha Yu-jin’s camera and the camera director’s condition and then got to the point.

“I think the members should take a break today. How about meeting tomorrow and talking again?”

“yes yes. But I’m really sorry but is it possible for me to have a short interview right now? “I know you’re taking a break tomorrow but just for a little while.”

“…for a moment.”

Oh I don’t understand.

‘Is Cha Yu-jin upset about this?’

Since this is not an unmanned camera and is visible to the eye an American who lives in a den of paparazzi may be more upset because it looks overlapping.

‘And from the production team’s perspective this opportunity cannot be missed.’

If you talk while you are tired and emotionally shaken it is easy to lead to an honest answer.

Watching how we deal with Cha Yu-jin it looks like she’s the type of person who won’t say ‘Hey this is a fucking documentary and you’re a bastard so get rid of it!’

Fortunately the company staff who rushed to the scene immediately intervened appeased the production crew and sent them away.

“If you do this we won’t be able to do it we’ll be in trouble! “Please understand.”

And he asked us with a nervous face.

“Did Eugene have any friction with the documentary production team??”

“There seems to be a bit of a problem.”

Liu Chengyu looked around the room and sighed briefly when our eyes met.

“Let’s leave it alone for today. Cool your head.”

“okay. “That would be correct.”

I really had no plans for tomorrow anyway. After the concert they were exhausted and all they did was stay in the hotel and get some commentary on the documentary.

The staff looked nervous but eventually convinced themselves and decided to wait for Cha Yu-jin to come out of the room.

“I think it would be best not to touch it too much right now.”

“yes yes. “We will definitely be careful.”

The staff seemed quite unfamiliar and embarrassed by this situation as they worked with people who mostly solved things on their own or ignored them within the group.

Still I did quite a bit of work.

“Everyone go in quickly and rest. “We will wait until you two come out.”

“…”

okay. I’ll see you tomorrow morning anyway so let’s just go for now. It would be a loss if people with different opinions stick together and it turns into a useless fight like before.

‘It’ll be okay since Raebin Kim is with me.’

In this case it would be more comfortable to be of the same age rather than older.

“Let’s go in.”

“…okay.”

The members looked a little uncomfortable but eventually agreed and moved to the car.

“Shall we at least send a text message…? “In English.”

“Well wouldn’t it be better to have a slow face-to-face conversation while eating tomorrow morning?”

“Ugh…”

Comfort is good but you also need time to think about your actions.

I returned to my hotel room extremely tired. Then I washed up and went to bed right away.

“…after.”

I guess I’ll have to cater to Cha Yujin’s taste tomorrow morning.

And I was planning to hear in detail what happened with the production crew.

But the next morning.

While the others showed up until the usual breakfast meeting time Cha Yu-jin did not show up.

“…”

“It’s past 9\:30 now right?”

“huh.”

I opened my mouth.

“Ravin.”

“yes!”

“How was Cha Yu-jin yesterday?”

“He was silent and seemed a bit lethargic but he didn’t seem particularly angry!”

“…okay?”

“yes. Perhaps the current situation is judged as oversleeping or some kind of protest!”

That’s right.

I adjusted my hat.

“I’ll bring you. “You go too.”

“I am…? No yes. All right!”

I left behind the guys who were waving with strange expressions and headed to Cha Yu-jin’s room accompanied by Kim Rae-bin.

And immediately rang the doorbell.

Ding-dong.

“…”

There was no response.

“Cha Yujin. “Open the door.”

Still not there. No matter how much we said we had all the lines in this hallway we would have screamed even more.

I’m sure you’ve heard this much.

‘Is this a real protest?’

It goes far. I sighed took out my smartphone and called Cha Yu-jin.

But the phone call… didn’t go through.

[Your phone is turned off…]

“…”

This… is cheap.

“brother?”

I called once more and acknowledged the situation.

“Ravin.”

“yes?”

“Call the manager.”

I looked at Cha Yu-jin’s door.

“It looks like Cha Yu-jin is not in the room.”

“…!!”

After a while.

“It’s true.”

Cha Yu-jin’s room which was opened by the hotel staff… was empty.

‘Damn it.’

It was an unimaginable situation.

‘Was it a mistake?’

Should I have sat down and comforted this guy right away instead of letting him cool off until morning?

‘No matter what he’s not a ninja and he escaped… ’

I almost chewed my tongue and then managed to ask the manager.

“Did you ever receive a call last night?”

“no! “I’ve never been contacted by Eugene…!?”

The people at the company were almost in a state of panic. It was worth it. Because it was the first case of escape since I was active.

However it did not evaporate without a trace.

-I’m leaving.

Fortunately this note was left behind. It was written in large letters in Korean.

“I think Yoo Jin-yi was very hurt…”

“But it’s strange to disappear like this… Wait isn’t this like kidnapping?”

“If that were the case I think this room would have been even more horrible than this. “This idiot went out voluntarily!”

“I see.”

That was right.

The condition of the room was too good to be called a kidnapping and it wasn’t a hotel where anyone could easily break in in the first place.

However looking at it calmly I could guess what the situation was.

“…hmm.”

I looked around the room once and nodded.

“It didn’t go far.”

“Is that so…?”

“okay. I left all my luggage behind. “I only took my wallet and cell phone and left… I guess I did it on impulse.”

I guess there’s a high possibility that he went out because he was still upset when he woke up…

At that moment Raebin Kim raised his hand.

“I’m sorry about what you said but do you mind if I tell you my opinion?”

“…? okay.”

The guy swallowed and spoke slightly hesitantly.

“It’s just… I think I went out to have fun because I didn’t have any schedules.”

“…”

“…”

for a moment.

“That could be possible.”

“yes!”

Bae Se-jin hurriedly intervened.

“but! “Your smartphone was turned off…!”

“I think I just turned it off so I wouldn’t be disturbed while playing.”

“…”

yes. Since it was a day off anyway there’s a good chance they thought they didn’t need to ask permission from the company.

The members were embarrassed.

“That’s right. “It could have been.”

“…I can’t believe you could come up with such an idea…”

Liu Chengwu brightened the mood.

“Hmm but maybe not so let’s take a closer look at the situation and prepare.”

“okay. Okay~ Then shall we watch the CCTV?”

“I will check right away so everyone please wait. Someone else will come!”

The manager rushed out immediately taking the hotel staff with him. Working hard is good but I also understand the feeling of being hit by a bomb.

However when it came to the search itself it didn’t seem like there was much to worry about.

“I think I can find it with this.”

I took out my smartphone.

* * *

Cha Yu-jin tapped the sandy beach with her toe feeling the sea breeze.

It was quite leisurely to go out on a bright morning on a long-awaited holiday.

‘The weather is nice.’

But it didn’t feel very refreshing. He put his hands on the back of his neck to shake off his depression.

He came out to change his mood by telling him to ‘cool his head’ but the conclusion was that I don’t know if he did anything wrong in one way or another.

‘Well no apologies.’

Instead he decided he should talk to his team about why he wouldn’t apologize to the idiots with the cameras.

However I was a little nervous.

‘No one cares about my condition.’

Still he grumbled wondering if it made sense to not send a single text message all night in this situation.

There is really no one who can understand and acknowledge his thoughts…

“Cha Yujin.”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin almost jumped from her chair at the familiar but unexpected voice.

“brother??”

“okay. grow.”

It was Park Moon-dae.

‘oh my god.’

His teammate ran towards him on the beach sand.

It was a very welcome sight but it was also surprising. What kind of magic did you do?

“How did you find me? “Did you find me?”

“Does that matter?”

Park Mun-dae was dressed lightly. And her pink hair blew in the sea breeze as if she had been searching for herself quite diligently.

But instead of getting angry he smiled and held out a paper bag.

Inside was ice cream sold at a nearby store.

“It’s obvious where you’re going. “I was looking for a place near the beach that sells sweets and found this cafe road close to the hotel.”

“…”

“I knew you would be around here.”

It was an accurate guess. Cha Yu-jin was a bit impressed rather than shocked or appalled.

“Brother you’re amazing.”

“uh. Well just eat some ice cream first. “Outside food is allowed to be brought in here right?”

[As long as there is enough tip. This isn’t even Disneyland is it?]

It was a very good joke but Park Moon-dae didn’t seem to understand it very much. Cha Yu-jin who was accustomed to this kind of situation just passed it over.

In the first place if we were just looking at culture the sight of a man of that age sitting around with his hair dyed brightly was not very American.

But Park Moon-dae’s main point began when Cha Yu-jin ate more than half of the ice cream.

“Then tell me while you eat. “Why on earth did you do that to the production crew?”

[Sounds like an interrogation right?]

“It’s not an interrogation I’m asking because it must have been done for a reason.”

Park Mun-dae crossed his arms.

“You’re a smart guy.”

Cha Yu-jin was unusually a little moved.

So I shrugged my shoulders and immediately opened my mouth.
