---
title: "Chapter 266"
category: "book"
index: 265
section: "Chapter 266"
slug: "266"
---

# Chapter 266

Cha Yu-jin was accustomed to communicating in a language other than her native language.

However that did not guarantee perfectly rich expressive power. And there was always some misunderstanding.

So the words Cha Yu-jin chooses are always direct.

“They only ask bad questions.”

“The documentary crew?”

“that’s right!”

Cha Yu-jin nodded and put ice cream in her mouth.

And then he started muttering in rapid English.

[What traces did the traffic accident leave? How difficult is it to prepare for the concert? Are there any injuries or safety issues? In the end have you ever felt skeptical about this? It felt like I was interviewing some kind of guard?]

Park Mun-dae answered by snapping his fingers.

“You kept asking me if I was unhappy.”

“yes!”

I understood what he said. So I enjoyed chatting with this person!

“Why should I do that? [So we don’t have enough time to show our best selves. And I’m happy!]”

He wanted to bring joy not show pain or negative energy.

Cha Yu-jin had a philosophy about her job. He had no intention of living like some celebrities who sell their personal lives for fame.

So he crossed his arms.

Coincidentally he was in the same posture as the person across from him.

“So I don’t apologize.”

It was a remark of remorse but the pink head across from him chuckled.

“…I guess you were very disappointed with what Lee Se-jin said?”

It was the perfect answer.

[of course!]

“Lee Se-jin said it for you. If you get caught because you hit the camera it’s your loss. “People will misunderstand.”

“are you okay. “I don’t care.”

“Then mind your team. Because we care.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae used an ambiguous expression that meant both damage to the team and concern for Cha Yu-jin.

However Cha Yu-jin only understood the latter and nodded obediently.

‘You’re worried about me.’

It was a positive result of a linguistic misunderstanding.

“And the production team… I guess they wanted to show that we can handle unfortunate and difficult things. “Because we’ve already shown a lot of things that are going well and are cool.”

Park Moon-dae slowly changed the horse’s course.

“Everyone has pain and seeing it in person makes you feel more human. It appears genuine.”

Cha Yu-jin respected this clever team member and listened to everything he said.

And Park Moon-dae slowly respected Cha Yu-jin.

“But you can’t force them to show their pain.”

That was the correct answer.

“yes.”

Cha Yu-jin growled.

[And because they are all fucking liars.]

“lie?”

[When I first interviewed I spoke very clearly. He said he didn’t want to ask questions about his personal history with his injuries or pain. I told you to talk about that with my company!]

“…! hmm.”

[They nodded and said they would be careful. But you saw it too right??]

“Yes I saw it.”

Cha Yu-jin recalled the camera trying to capture his pain and confirming his ‘uncomfortable’ feelings throughout the concert.

And there are endless accident stories!

-I don’t want to do that.

-Oh I’m sorry. I will be careful.

The answer was obedient.

However we continue to try to ask similar questions whenever an opportunity arises.

That was no longer something worthy of respect.

“That was a lot! “More than ten times!”

“…”

Moreover once he got really angry it was mean to change the target.

-Eujin you seem to be regaining your composure very quickly… Maybe from a previous accident?

It was clearly his intention to ask Park Moon-dae about the time he was in a coma!

‘Are you telling someone during a concert that you were unconscious without understanding?’

How dare you ask such a thing!

“That’s so rude. It was wrong. “I blocked that.”

Cha Yu-jin used Korean again to make a stronger argument.

And Park Mun-dae seemed to be lost in thought.

“…”

But it didn’t take long before the answer came.

It was the answer I had been waiting for.

“You’re right.”

“…!”

yes!

“good. “I understand.”

Moon-Dae Park summarized it simply and clearly.

“Let’s go and get an apology. “They were wrong.”

“great!”

Cha Yu-jin bumped her fists and raised her hand to shake hands. Park Moon-dae thought ‘Why?’ but responded without showing it.

‘This is the joy of the team!’

Cha Yu-jin shook her hands and smiled coolly.

Of course there was work to be done ahead of time.

“I’m eating all of this.”

“okay. “Eat a lot.”

Cha Yu-jin spent the morning relaxing at the beach with Park Moon-dae.

It was a pretty pleasant holiday.

* * *

“Buy pizza! “The pizza here is delicious!”

“okay.”

While the sun was rising in the sky Cha Yu-jin fully recovered. And I’m in the process of ordering and buying pizza all the way back to the hotel.

‘That’s it.’

Today I was planning to listen to whatever this guy tried. I’m not the type of person who needs to lose weight so I’ll just eat pizza.

[It is $89.]

[Here.]

I paid for the pizza and sorted out the situation in my head.

As expected when Cha Yu-jin who was at the nearby beach was fed some sweets the before and after drinking situation came out.

‘Cha Yu-jin deserved to be upset.’

After listening to the story it was more than what they did to me.

It looks like the documentary crew filmed Cha Yu-jin and scratched her more.

I guessed the reason right away.

‘I guess it’s because Cha Yu-jin felt the least refined.’

Since he seemed the most unaffected and honest among us it would have seemed better to bring out more rawness.

And first of all they ‘poured in’ to select pictures that could be used for the documentary.

‘Wow… ’

I remember something I heard from an instructor in a general photography class when I was in college.

‘Did you say that it is better to take portraits first and negotiate rather than asking for permission to take them?’

All photo opportunities disappear while permission is granted. I remembered that it was because of the controversy in the school community after I made this statement.

In any case if that is the prevailing sentiment even in some parts of the industry Testa’s documentary may have had bad luck in selecting a production crew.

Because I don’t know the extent.

‘It’s time to give a warning.’

At that moment Cha Yu-jin was walking happily with pizza and asked.

“brother! I have that question. “How do they talk?”

“We don’t need to talk.”

I spoke leisurely.

“The company will take care of it. Just accept the apology.”

There are many circumstances in what you will talk about that could reverse this structure.

“Go up first and eat. “I’m going to talk to you.”

“Got it!”

I contacted the company as soon as I returned to the hotel.

After the recent deal the management side has been completely replaced and things have become a bit more complicated so there is no need to worry about our image by taking matters into our own hands.

“hello… yes. “It is true that the circumstances in which I met Eugene were conveyed.”

-yes yes! We heard about the whereabouts of Mr. Moon Dae and Mr. Eugene.

“yes. “Well there’s something I heard from Eugene… I’ll pass it on to you now.”

I combined Cha Yu-jin’s words that I heard at the beach and brought them to life as a proposition.

“…But this is something the production team shouldn’t do right?”

-Ah~

The manager’s voice changed slightly.

-I know what you mean.

It was an expression of strange confidence. It means I understand.

‘I feel like I have some company now.’

Until now I thought that Liu Chengwu should also receive a salary but this was a welcome development.

I finished the call and went up to the hotel room.

And the moment I visited Cha Yu-jin’s room to check her condition and receive pizza.

“Hyung Moon Dae!”

“Welcome to Mundae~”

Guys with pizza are waving here and there.

Apparently he was waiting in the room for Cha Yu-jin to return home.

“Brother come!”

Cha Yu-jin is sitting in the middle with a grumpy expression on her face. It seemed like everything had already been said and resolved. It would have been somewhat possible since Sun Ah-hyun was the interpreter.

“Woah I put the door handle here separately…!”

“Oh thank you.”

I sat down among the guys waving their hands.

“Did the story go well?”

“Of course~ Oh my are you disappointed that our Eugene hyung apologized without even asking what happened?”

“yes!!”

“I did it because I was afraid I would get in big trouble if I didn’t apologize. “Of course I’m on Eugene’s side!”

“are you okay! I didn’t consult either. “I’m very sorry.”

“Okay okay let’s do better!”

As they are fast-moving guys they were quick to reconcile. Bae Se-jin seemed to be agonizing over whether something was going to happen so quickly but soon gave up and just ate pizza.

And Kim Rae-bin was still serious alone.

“Cha Yu-jin from now on make sure to leave the room after contacting us. “Even if it’s a holiday we’re on an official schedule so be careful how you move.”

“Um okay!”

“…! “Uh-huh.”

Raebin Kim was embarrassed for a moment but soon became proud. You’re playing well.

However Liu Chengwu seemed to be thinking about something as he watched this scene.

‘hmm.’

Judging by the relaxed expression on his face I guess it’s no big deal.

And the real surprises will come to the production team in a little while.

‘I’m looking forward to it.’

I anticipated that scene while eating pizza.

And dinner.

Before the members’ group interview began I could hear the company and production team talking in the next room.

“As far as we can confirm this is a complete violation of the contract.”

“No there is a misunderstanding about that.”

“It’s too clear a violation to be called a misunderstanding. “It was all discussed when we first spoke.”

“If you go so hard with filming afterwards…”

“No. I heard that the artist has already told me several times to talk to the company. “I heard it was all recorded. I’ll check it out.”

“…!”

okay. This part is the problem.

Cha Yu-jin had already brought up the topic of ‘company’. And that too several times.

The person in question refused to speak up about a specific matter and asked to talk to the ‘company’ but they ignored it and continued to stick with it?

It is a breach of contract. This is because this clause is included in the contract.

[If Party A requests a request during filming related to Party A’s sensitive personal information Party B agrees on the timing of the relevant information.]

There is also a provision for compensation for damages in case of violation of the provisions.

Since T1 is behind this agency the studio production team which is not a broadcasting company will have no choice but to say ‘no way’ if the company takes a strong stance.

The guy who was eavesdropping on the noise in the room with me tapped my shoulder.

“Wow Mundae has a good head.”

“what.”

I shrugged.

Now all we have to do is use this as an excuse to destroy the data by scaring them that the documentary contract may be terminated.

“yes. “Please do so.”

And it seemed like the deal worked.

In the end before starting filming the production team even apologized to Cha Yu-jin which was closer to an excuse.

“I’m truly sorry if you were offended.”

‘It wasn’t an intention to do malicious editing it was just a desire to create more honest and better content.’

“…Okay~ But it’s my content so please listen to my opinion.”

Cha Yu-jin coolly accepted the situation and the matter did not get any worse but the production crew’s actions became more cautious.

It was beneficial to all members.

‘That’s it.’

I stopped Cha Yu-jin from gently raising her thumb in my direction.

The remaining documentary filming was conducted with a greater focus on Testa’s expertise.

And the night after the interview was over.

Testa left his cell and gathered in a huge hotel room.

“It’s very spacious!”

“Oh the facilities are nice. “Is Chungwoo shooting you?”

“Well just for today.”

Liu Chengwu the person who pushed for this answered as he closed the door.

“I think the company will handle the expenses from now on.”

“Forward…”

There is a future?

“huh. “I wonder if it would be a good idea to stay together like this for about one day a week while on tour. What do you all think?”

Liu Chengwu had a rather serious face.

“I thought about it but on this tour since we live alone and have almost no schedule we don’t have much time to talk to each other.”

“That’s… right.”

The guys who had been living alone for the past few weeks looked at Liu Chengwu blankly.

“I think that’s why Eugene’s work has become more complicated this time. “We didn’t have time to know each other’s thoughts.”

Liu Chengwu finished speaking with a smile.

“I wish we had time to talk and check in on each other. “That’s my opinion.”

I felt sincerity. And in an instant the inspired guys came out.

“brother…”

“Wow this is so touching!”

“I like it…!”

“It’s not… that bad. “In one day.”

Even Bae Se-jin agreed. Even the guy who was cheering in solitary confinement did this so in the end it was almost unanimous.

“What about the gate?”

“…Good.”

It was a good decision. Because it will prevent unexpected behavior.

I nodded calmly but suddenly realized reality.

‘I said it nicely for a moment… but ultimately isn’t it a workshop once a week?’

In the end we’ll gather these guys together check to see if they’re wasting anything and talk about the album promotions and concerts…

no. It’s already spread on the floor.

“We have the best teamwork. “I was impressed.”

“I think it would be a good idea to bring a beam projector to the next meeting.”

“Shall we order room service?? “Why don’t we play cards while we eat?”

“…”

Yes we have come a long way to treat something like this as just a co-worker. What’s going on?

‘It’s like a club room.’

I admitted lying down on the sofa. Now these guys didn’t feel uncomfortable bringing up the workshop.

‘…No it’s more than that.’

I won’t deny it. Even though I was surrounded by so many people… I felt very comfortable.

I relaxed and thought.

‘I guess I’ll just have to worry about touring like this for a while.’

…But I overlooked one thing.

Cha Yu-jin’s sensitive filming was left out due to the company’s strong measures but my filming was left as-is as there were no protests.

The ‘perfectionist idol who does his best while overcoming the aftereffects’…was just around the corner.
