---
title: "Chapter 267"
category: "book"
index: 266
section: "Chapter 267"
slug: "267"
---

# Chapter 267

As winter passed Testa began a dome tour in Japan scheduled to follow the US tour.

And as always with performances in Japan the supply of fancams plummeted. Thanks to this fans who were starved of content welcomed the documentary that appeared at the right time.

Filling the gap and increasing the value of the name at the same time.

Up to this point everything was as calculated.

The fans were quite excited.

-It’s time to take a tester.

-It may seem like a lot of fun but trust the rare idol tester who makes you laugh.

-I saw the preview. It seemed to focus on emotion and visual beauty. There wasn’t much content like this so I was curious (emoticon holding chin)

That is… until the first reveal is over.

The reaction changed as soon as the early part of Testa’s documentary was released.

-Oh fuck

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Guys…

Due to the nature of the platform several episodes were released at once so fans watched all three episodes at once to understand the story.

At this time I also saw the finished edited version for the first time… Well I can explain it like this.

[Staff\: Please sit down…]

[Park Moon-dae\:… (coughing) No. it’s okay.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I want to do my best when I can… (Edit) Yes everyone is like that. No one will give up.]

The documentary continued to focus on how serious Testa was throughout the concert and activities and how eager he was to complete the performance even in the face of pain.

-I knew this from the beginning but I can feel how much the kids love this job. It’s heartbreaking.

-The kids really worked hard…

-The more I watch the more my love for Testa and my hatred for T-One grows…

But it was too much. To the point where fans were agitated and depressed.

‘…I knew it from the moment I asked the question.’

Still I thought they would restrain themselves by dealing with the violation of the contract due to the Cha Yu-jin incident but on the contrary Cha Yu-jin’s ‘that side’ part disappeared and this vibe was brought out more in the other members’ parts.

Especially me.

[Dance Trainer\: Mr. Moon Dae’s physical strength is not what it used to be. It can’t be helped.]

[Manager\: (After the accident) We are paying more attention to ensuring that the artist has sufficient rest during the trip.]

When was that interview again?

The dedicated team staff also appeared and the editing was done amazingly making it look like I was actually fighting from an injury.

‘Did I conduct the interview too gently?’

My answer was appropriate but in synergy with the interview with people around me it made me look like I was ‘acting calm’.

Thanks to this fans were seen to be more directly uncomfortable when they went under the water.

-What is the purpose of editing? Do you want to do business with this? Why is the official doing something like this? Oh really haha I have no idea.

-Putting PTSD back in after barely getting rid of it

-I honestly felt uncomfortable watching it. Did Moon Dae really want to show that? I don’t think the kid who was clenching his teeth like that didn’t want to show that he was in pain and was having a hard time but I was just in a bad mood.

But it wasn’t a big reaction. At best the atmosphere that I had when I won first place on &lt;Azusa&gt; with ‘Unfortunate Family History’ has become even more intense.

‘Is it possible to sum it up to the point that there are different likes and dislikes?’

What that means is that the general public reaction was good.

This is because this new wave-like emotional code created a big story and emotional line that runs through the content so that the documentary is not boring.

————————=

[The story of Park Moon-dae’s aftereffects in the Testa documentary.jpg]

(Photo) Looking at the interviews with the members it seems like their physical strength loss is more severe than expected.

(Photo) Scene of Sun Ah-hyun being supported as she comes down from the stage.

————————=

-He was flying around on stage but I was surprised to see him fall down. (????9028 ????62)

-I heard that he took the GED because he didn’t want to embarrass his fans but he is truly a true idol (??7241 ????417)

-The documentary was worth watching. It brought me many thoughts. Recommended (????3173 ????42)

…Thanks to this the image of ‘Park Moon-dae who is too serious about being an idol’ was strengthened.

It can be said that the production team’s intention was successful as it ranked among the ‘most viewed contents in Korea’ but let’s just say that it was quite embarrassing.

“Oh~ Mr. Jin-guk Moon-dae~”

“Stop it.”

Keun Se-jin chuckled tapped his shoulder and sat down on the sofa.

The guy also had a smartphone in his hand. It seemed like monitoring was mainly done through Inheart and WeTube.

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Everyone just praises me. And how long will our 8-part documentary story last? “Don’t worry about your image~”

“…yes.”

That is correct. Just as the image of ‘Park Moon-dae who endured an unfortunate family life’ from ‘Azusa’ became blurred as he worked after his debut this too was bound to be erased over time.

It’s not like he appeared on some kind of public entertainment show but at best it’s a documentary exclusively for OTT services.

‘It will disappear by the next comeback at the latest.’

First of all it also meant that the fact that this guy reacted so indifferently was not a big deal.

“Mundaemundae let’s choose some funny pictures. Should I raise one?”

“I see.”

I decided to use comedy to neutralize the atmosphere and to focus on the fact that the documentary was well-made.

‘I just didn’t want it to fail.’

But it was a hasty judgment.

Some topics are not naturally re-evaluated as time passes. It doesn’t wither.

…That’s why I’ve been more careful.

* * *

What happened two weeks later was when the documentary was in full swing.

Most of the public other than fans has declined but at least many people know that ‘Testa’s documentary has come out.’

The timing was right when the remaining documentary crew left after wrapping up additional filming.

I was grabbed by the back of my neck in a rented studio.

“Park Moon-dae!! “Did you see this??”

“Why are you doing that…”

I looked at Bae Se-jin’s stunned state and looked away.

Smartphone.

Popular posts on the bulletin board.

1st Place [Cha Yu-jin Cameraman Assault (692)]

Why is this… here?

“…”

I immediately clicked on the article.

A short video without sound was attached to the article. And the short word ‘inseongㅠ’ was all it contained.

However the response was warmer than ever.

It was worth it.

This is because there was a frontal close-up shot of Cha Yu-jin frowning pressing down on the screen roughly with her hand.

-????

-What is this? Where did it come from??

-Maybe it’s someone else?

└The clothes are the same so what? (Capture)

-omg

In the comments it was already revealed that this was the backstage of a concert by matching Cha Yu-jin’s appearance in Testa’s documentary.

And once I thought I had figured out the situation it was one-sided.

-The mouth shape says ‘Stop it.’ Wow that’s real personality haha.

-If someone sees it he thinks there’s a camera on him so he walks over and hits the camera and tells them to stop.

-Of course things change in an instant once you get your annual leave. Wow…

└Let’s stop pulling the hair of those who are cold with years of leave. The coldness has shown their temper so it’s time to get into the water.

└Cold hahahahahaha

-I was so shocked that I couldn’t speak. I couldn’t even imagine that Cha Yu-jin would be like this.

-I thought he was an insider but he turned out to be a member of the group leader.

In an instant the derogation ridicule and stigmatization ended.

The hand gestures were captured so clearly on camera that people decided there was no need to make a fuss about it.

Because Cha Yu-jin’s existing image was very bright and friendly the impact was even greater.

“What about the company?”

“…you will understand. “Because I heard the staff talking.”

“for a moment.”

I immediately went out and started looking through the latest posts. You need to watch the atmosphere and adjust your explanation.

And now the situation is…

[Idols who act violently while the same member is sincere on stage.jpg]

[For some reason Cha Yu-jin is the only one who does not appear serious in the documentary but I never thought I would know the reason haha]

[Isn’t it embarrassing to see Park Moon-dae?]

You started comparing yourself to me.

That wasn’t all.

[Ryu Cheong-woo also said the same thing and it seems like he only gathered people who come out first.]

[Aren’t you influenced by the leader? LOL]

I started to connect with Liu Chengwu. Because there was a similar controversy.

However Liu Chengwu was clear in the name of protecting safety and this was explained in a video from a different angle.

So Ryu Cheng-wu’s personal fans got fed up and took action.

[Please leave Ryu Cheong-woo alone he does this every time]

[Cha Yu-jin = hitting Ryu Cheong-woo = blocking]

[How long do I have to avoid that side?]

Cha Yu-jin’s side was cut off.

And this… is because of the incident and image that Cha Yu-jin’s fandom has built up.

This is because the early days had a great impact when the voices of individual fans who especially liked ‘Cha Yu-jin’ were strong.

Even if this is not the case anymore the image is inherited even if completely different individuals make up the majority of the fandom.

The evidence was so clear that even friendly people fell silent and all that was left were the voices of many people.

-Yes Cha Yu-jin leaves and goes solo… I’m exhausted.

-We are not treated as Bunk members.

Beginning with “Azusa” and going through debut and various conflicts old evils finally broke out at the worst possible time.

It was easier because my image was so good through the documentary.

The atmosphere among individual fans has already been shattered.

Of course there is no such thing as a portrait of the group’s fans.

“…”

“…Are you okay?”

“It’s okay…”

I stopped talking. Because it wasn’t okay.

I felt like X.

“Let’s start with the meeting.”

Of course the company turned over.

And it seemed like he was trying his best to contact the documentary crew and find out what happened.

So the conclusion is…

“…So someone on the documentary crew had a computer break down and had it repaired and it leaked from there.”

“yes. Since the owner seems to be an employee of a broadcasting station it appears that the previously deleted content was also restored.”

It was an explanation that the employee came up with after being unable to overcome the members’ persuasion with an expression that said ‘I don’t know if I can say this.’

“I have heard that personal information is leaked in this way but honestly since it was a crime it is difficult to hold them responsible for negligent management…”

Okay I understand after that.

A criminal who was trying to find anything related to celebrities caught a big fish but it seems that Cha Yu-jin’s videos were not his area of interest.

So they upload articles and videos to one of the bad Deep Web sites for the purpose of attracting attention and showing off.

And one of the site’s users leaked this video again to a general website for interest.

It quickly spread through social media and communities.

“…”

But even if I know the fucking principle I can’t find the answer.

This was not a situation where a normal explanation would work.

‘Is it because the documentary production team made unreasonable demands?’

It doesn’t work. They respond by saying ‘If you’re dissatisfied I’ll take your hand first.’

‘It was not a hit it was a press and it was to protect members who receive rude requests for documentary filming… ’

Who would believe it? There is no evidence.

I already destroyed all the data.

It’s just an excuse.

Meanwhile if you even use the frame of ‘Idols from large corporations are abusive to small studio production staff’…there really is no answer.

No matter how you make your official position you will be caught.

Cha Yu-jin who was nodding quietly raised her hand next to her.

“Do I apologize?”

“Wait a minute. Eugene!”

“Let’s wait and see.”

The members all started to try and stop him.

I said without realizing it.

“If you apologize you acknowledge it. “Just don’t do it.”

I don’t know if this is the right thing to say. Would it be better to apologize? But should he apologize for what he did wrong?

I couldn’t see any other answer.

Yujin Cha’s video is so strong.

In that case a stronger truth was needed to turn this around.

And of course the original truth is not that impressive. I need to process it.

‘Unplay… ’

no. It won’t work.

No matter how detailed the situation is whether the company downplays it or apologizes it doesn’t work. It sounds boring and like an excuse.

We need shocking and intuitive evidence that can be understood at once but…

There isn’t any.

“For now I will wait and see if the situation calms down.”

“yes. Everyone don’t worry too much. We have a performance next week so take care of your condition…”

The meeting ended like that. But the company probably monitors all night and holds endless meetings.

I also spent most of the night monitoring with my smartphone.

-I’m closing my account. I can’t do it anymore.

-There’s no such thing as a good day… You shouldn’t tire yourself out by saying you like me but you should cherish me more. I’m not coming in anymore. Thank you so much.

-I didn’t know ㅌㅅㅌ would be this popular…

Because I couldn’t sleep.

And the next day. I could see the faces of other guys who had done similar things to me.

Except for one guy.

“Don’t look at the internet for nothing.”

Cha Yu-jin. Surprisingly this guy had a better complexion.

“yes!”

Cha Yu-jin nodded. And then he added\:

[Brother don’t worry about me too much. Because the truth always works in the end.]

Blood spurts to the head.

What does this guy believe and be so carefree? I know you’re being criticized for something.

“therefore! It won’t work…”

I clenched my mouth.

…Are you crazy?

Didn’t I almost say something useless and just lowering morale?

It’s not my business it’s someone else’s business.

‘…No because we are on the same boat.’

I saw enough of the group’s fans leaving last night.

But… I know. Ultimately this will be a problem that Cha Yu-jin can handle almost on her own.

Once this topic passes the group will recover but for Cha Yu-jin it will remain a label that will not be overturned every time someone mentions the incident again.

Nevertheless Cha Yu-jin was surprisingly calm.

“Hyung I’m really fine. I don’t care about that. “It doesn’t mean you can’t perform on stage.”

“…”

[Also are you going to say that even if I am okay my teammates are not okay?]

“…that.”

[Stop worrying about me!]

Cha Yu-jin laughed but in the end she lowered her head with a downcast face.

“[And I’m sorry. Because it is true that it caused damage to the team. I really wanted to tell you.] I’m sorry…”

“There’s no need for that.”

I answered calmly.

“I agreed that they were in the wrong. “That is the end of it.”

“Ooh… That’s sweet. Thank you!”

Cha Yu-jin seemed quite moved as if she didn’t have a hard time. I held back a sigh.

‘I’m sure I’ll continue to have trouble in the future.’

However there was still no correct answer.

Should I admit that sometimes misunderstandings arise that cannot be resolved?

I sat on the sofa with my back to Cha Yu-jin who was entering her room.

“…”

It’s not that guy’s fault. And I did everything I could so it’s no one’s fault.

okay.

‘It’s just… the situation turned out to be so bad.’

…Really?

I got up from the sofa. I felt uncomfortable.

It felt artificial somehow.

‘Is that really the answer?’

Is it true that Cha Yu-jin’s video was accidentally leaked from a computer?

…let’s go back to the basic premise.

‘Why on earth did that video remain on that computer in the first place?’

As we took action didn’t we destroy all of Cha Yu-jin’s footage?

Even if it was restored at a repair shop only the critical parts survived so neatly?

During that long filming?

“…ah.”

Only then did I fully understand the situation.

“It was cut.”

I was worried that these bastards might use it for negotiations or something else later so I cut out a portion of Cha Yu-jin’s film and stored it on my personal computer.

Since they are at a disadvantage when the context is revealed only the part where Cha Yu-jin takes action is cut out.

‘Fuck you bastards.’

Even if the leak was unintentional these bastards were the cause.

‘The bastards who are filming documentaries are only thinking about eating hammocks instead of having a sense of duty.’

“haha.”

Suddenly my head started spinning.

I quickly checked their studio information and roster.

If Cha Yu-jin’s image cannot be completely restored shouldn’t these bastards also be able to prevent something from recovering?

‘weakness.’

I needed information.

First I checked all the image files in the documentary contract that I had received and recorded.

Representative producer and writer…

And the contact person’s email address.

-Moon Seok-chun

/ [email protected]

It’s a company email but it doesn’t matter. What is important is the ID in front of the email address.

‘I don’t change my ID often.’

After checking the history on the studio’s website narrow the search criteria to before establishment.

Then if you search by combining the ID with a common search engine address and changing the combination with the name a few times…

A few old articles that are several years old appear. This is a story about launching a certain program.

Also there is the address and name of the ‘newly joining’ studio production team that appears at the bottom of the content.

It matches.

‘yes.’

It’s likely that there will be one or two articles that even list things like this.

“I found it.”

– Producer Moon Seok-chun of Studio Eoje ([email protected])…

And the title of this article?

[〈Idol Inc.〉 Season 2 production confirmed]

That’s right.

These bastards were the production team of “Idol Inc. 2” which had planned a mixed gender project but failed.

After canceling the program he left the entertainment department and moved to the studio in the liberal arts department.

“That’s fun.”

I smiled with my teeth showing.
