---
title: "Chapter 268"
category: "book"
index: 267
section: "Chapter 268"
slug: "268"
---

# Chapter 268

Let’s make a proposition.

The production team behind this Testa documentary are the ones who left the studio after the failure of Idol Inc. 2.

And after cutting only the advantageous points of the contract violation video they tried to steal it and even leaked it.

“…”

You fucking bird… let’s calm down.

Now that I’ve put it all together it’s even more absurd.

‘I need someone to give me feedback.’

My head may become heated and my reasoning may make leaps and bounds so I need to maintain balance in my thinking.

I tried to tell the fact to the person who could think the most coldly.

“…somehow.”

Hearing the reasoning the calm look on Geun Se-jin’s face was completely erased. He looks like he finally understands it.

“For an educational piece trying to leave out the story was excessive.”

“okay.”

Mixed with the real cultured workforce it was mistaken for documentary madness. That was for entertainment purposes.

Thanks to this the Testa documentary was fun but since the work got stuck in such a mess they have to deal with it too.

‘I have to smash the rice bowl.’

I have no intention of ever seeing what these bastards do again whether it’s entertainment or the culture of celebrities disguised as entertainers.

What should I do?

First of all there is the most convenient and simple method.

“Why don’t you tell T1?”

“Well didn’t the company already know that they were part of the Azusa 2 production team? “Looking at it now it seems like they entrusted our documentary to us because it was their line.”

I shook my head.

“That’s not what I’m trying to say.”

“then?”

“They’re trying to sow suspicion about the situation.”

If you change the perspective of this incident even a little it will become a sentence that the company will be sensitive to.

‘I think they were deliberately trying to separately upload sensitive videos of their singers and sell them to other companies or make deals with them.’

It is a suspicion of fatal betrayal.

That wasn’t a mistake either but a very deliberate attempt to gain advantage.

As was proven in the case of Gold 1’s agency Industrial Espionage the larger the company the more enraged they tend to be when they feel they have been caught.

‘Then just make him feel like he’s been caught like that and that’s enough.’

I quickly explained the matter and then continued.

“I think they’ll be even more angry because they think I’ve been stabbed in the back for raising them.”

Let’s gently encourage people to think that they didn’t know the favor and rolled their eyes after rescuing those who were crushed with “Azusa 2”.

‘Well it’s not wrong is it?’

Then the headquarters will take care of this and cut off these production crew members so that they will never be able to enter the major industry again.

And even if it doesn’t you probably think it doesn’t matter. Just having doubts makes me feel embarrassed and uncomfortable. It’s common for even a small studio to disappear.

It is a clean and powerful social despair.

“…”

Big Sejin seemed to be rubbing his chin and then smiled bitterly.

“Honestly… I think it will work? “Mundae is very good at speaking.”

“however.”

“yes. ‘But’…wouldn’t that be beneficial to our situation? “It’s just revenge.”

“…”

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Well I think someone like Bae Se-jin will like it but… if we do this it will end up in the hands of the company not us.”

“…yes.”

I’m not sure if Bae Se-jin will like it but the second half is anyway.

There are side effects when using this method.

‘This has to end.’

It is difficult to directly mention these guys again in Cha Yu-jin’s public explanation.

T1’s pressure will naturally be seen as unfair abuse of power by the public.

And that overlaps with Cha Yu-jin’s controversy.

– Cha Yu-jin used the abuse of power to abuse the wrong documentary crew again haha.

-Wow that idol is in that company.

It will sound like this and have the opposite effect.

Only by quietly handling them behind the scenes can these guys’ careers be brought to an end smoothly without any defense.

And that would be a wise way.

“…”

But why the fuck do I not like this plan so much?

Big Sejin is just as he said.

I hit the armrest of the sofa.

“I don’t like that.”

“Yeah I knew you would.”

I’m annoyed because I can see the picture of these production crew members losing their game due to unfair pressure.

Moreover even if I don’t bring this up it seems like T1 is already thinking the same thing.

If they had brains wouldn’t they have made a similar reasoning?

‘It’s just a matter of blowing some air into the game. It’s not a big idea.’

And… it’s also true that Cha Yu-jin has no real benefit from doing this shit.

‘Damn it.’

I hit my head on the head of the sofa. I need to make it more X.

“Woah Mundae would you like me to bring you some ice water?”

“no.”

Let’s think.

Is there a way to help Cha Yu-jin while also punishing these bastards enough?

And then he said it without thinking.

“…Can’t we overwrite it?”

Is there any way to throw these bastards as Internet scapegoats instead of Cha Yu-jin?

Big Sejin’s voice became mysterious.

“Oh then it’s the best but… hmmm.”

I mean it’s unrealistic bullshit.

right. As for being from 〈Azusa 2〉 it ends with ‘what should I do?’ They would say that they are trying hard to sway public opinion.

My head feels cold.

okay. Let’s stop with useless fantasies and make realistic decisions.

Production crew\: You can always make it X. Since I have verified the possibility I will keep it for now.

‘And the only way that benefits Cha Yu-jin is… ’

…I’ve thought about it many times but it’s not there right now.

So let’s look a little further ahead and think about it.

When people get tired of stories about Cha Yu-jin’s abuse of power we need to tell stories that Cha Yu-jin’s fans can get some comfort from and remain.

‘Someone who will talk about Cha Yu-jin’s daily behavior.’

What you need… is a witness.

“I need to ask you to gather testimony.”

“Testimony? Oh Eugene is a good kid~ Oh my?”

“uh. “It will work later.”

“…okay. “I think that’s the best thing for now.”

It’s obvious but if you catch the timing right now and explode quickly there is a chance that it will work over time.

Big Sejin smiled bitterly. Does that mean it’s complicated?

‘I think I’m on my way to mental victory… ’

I clicked my tongue and threw my smartphone onto the sofa. Keun Se-jin pats his back.

“Mundaemun University worked hard. “Don’t worry too much.”

“okay.”

…I was craving beer.

* * *

Four days passed like that.

And as expected public opinion did not reverse as time passed.

Since there were no other cases it was quiet compared to the first day but even now when people are bored they bring up Cha Yu-jin’s past videos and say things like ‘Now that I look at it it’s cheap.’

As planned empty or meaningful posts defending Cha Yu-jin were posted from shops where Testa frequently visited and from people who worked with her.

However most of them were pushed aside with ridicule that ‘the company is trying hard’.

‘If Cha Yu-jin appears at the concert like this… ’

I don’t know. Even if Cha Yu-jin looks fine she will be criticized and even if she looks mentally unstable she will be criticized.

“phew.”

I put down my smartphone. My head was pounding.

It was then.

“I’m sorry Moon Dae but please call me.”

“…? yes.”

The manager sitting in the corner of the workroom took his smartphone and flipped through it.

‘There is no one worth contacting like this.’

When I was wondering despite my fatigue the manager spoke quietly.

“He… he was a member of Mirinae.”

“…!”

At that moment several theories about the reason for the contact crossed my mind.

no way.

I put the smartphone to my ear.

“I changed my phone. hello.”

-Hello senior!

This is the voice we spoke with last time.

‘Was he the junior who debuted in second place at Azusa?’

It’s been a while but the situation was too urgent to waste time saying hello. I got straight to the point.

“I think you called because I had some business to do. Is that correct?”

-yes? yes!! Well… actually I was asked to do it.

Reasoning gets closer to reality.

I couldn’t hold back and said.

“Did the Mirinae Concert staff ask you to do this?”

-…!! Yes yes? No that…

And in the end I got the answer I wanted.

-yes. That’s an accurate judgment…!

“…”

Mirinae’s concert staff.

Testa did not bring all the staff who worked with him in the United States to Japan. Because Japanese performances tend to have a large proportion of local staff.

Instead the staff went on a small American tour of Mirinae promoted by the head of the headquarters.

So the staff member the junior is talking about is…

‘There is a high probability that we worked with Testa when we were filming the documentary.’

The junior continued speaking steadily with a slightly trembling voice.

-Well… I heard that the girl who looks after our muscles also worked during our seniors’ concerts. I heard that you are seeking testimony from an official…

okay.

-This really guarantees your personal safety! I’m saying I want to give it to you with conditions…

“Of course I should.”

-yes yes…!

After the junior swallowed his saliva the main topic came out.

-I heard that she… recorded it.

Fuck you.

I held the smartphone with all my might.

‘If you give me a massage… I’m the staff member who was next to you when the documentary crew was scratching Cha Yu-jin!’

Done. Done! If this is presented as evidence half of the public opinion will support it…

-Senior?

…No let’s calm down. Confirmation comes first. I regained my composure.

“What kind of recording is this?”

Tell them that the documentary crew was recorded talking shit.

-Uh… So…

The junior answered in a calm voice.

Something unexpected.

-I heard that senior Cha Yu-jin protected your sister.

…what??

* * *

The story of the staff member who reported the recording was as follows.

The documentary production team tried to interview not only Testa but also various people involved in order to draw pictures.

And among them was this staff member.

-But I guess she refused because her physical condition was a sensitive issue.

They asked her to get permission from the person saying ‘It’s okay to be interviewed’ but the documentary production team must have known that was impossible due to Cha Yu-jin’s attitude.

That’s why we persistently encouraged staff to repeat requests or accidentally spill their words.

It must have been quite stressful but it was said that it was not the right time to ask for help so he endured it for now.

-But that didn’t work either… I guess some people were just being sarcastic and threatening.

Cha Yu-jin witnessed it and immediately came to help.

-He was very firm.

Also due to the nature of my job there are a lot of people trying to do something foolish so I recorded it all the time and it is said that that was also recorded.

– He said he was really grateful and thought about it a lot before saying it.

‘…At the same time it was an industry that was sensitive to recording so I had a lot of concerns about even revealing it.’

Still it is said that he was impressed by Cha Yu-jin’s ability to act and that he couldn’t ignore the current situation so he ended up reporting it.

I crossed my arms.

“You say…”

“Oh I remember!”

Cha Yu-jin answered brightly.

“I remember.”

“yes! The big camera person scared the staff. I said no but you didn’t listen! So stop it! I said… Ugh! Kim Rae-bin are you crazy??”

“If something like that had happened you should have told me a long time ago!”

No one stopped Kim Rae-bin from hitting Cha Yu-jin. Then Cha Yu-jin began to shout that it was unfair.

[Wait a minute! Does everyone believe me when I say that? This is a different topic than me blocking the camera!]

Innocent bastard.

“Just make it the same topic and that’s it.”

“What??”

“Just take a look.”

I called the company with the members. The staff’s recordings had already been secured.

* * *

Five days after Cha Yu-jin’s video was leaked.

On the Internet Cha Yu-jin had already fallen into tatters.

And people found additional enjoyment in the controversy that had been chewed enough to remove the bitterness.

That was the source of this video.

-It’s a staff leak haha.

└I thought this too. Cha Yu-jin seemed to have gritted her teeth and revealed it after being hit so damn hard.

-Wow I pity how bad the abuse of power must have been to risk being sued to leak it.

-This is a typical controversy over abuse of power as if the agency had just issued a notice of complaint. I never thought Cha Yu-jin would end up like this.

Moreover because the agency still had not responded people saw this silence as a de facto admission.

-I have nothing to say so I’m keeping my mouth shut haha.

-You can’t respond to this because you can’t deny it.

-It’s better to say it’s a composite.

The vague advocacy messages posted by officials had much less impact than the short and powerful video.

The moment when Cha Yu-jin’s controversy was about to be solidified as an image without any further discussion.

-This sounds like Cha Yu-jin’s story (link)

Only then did the article appear.

However the focus was not on Cha Yu-jin.

[Controversy over filming of Testa documentary… Concert staff transcript released]

[Again broadcasting? [Reconstruction of Testa documentary production crew transcript]

It was an article accusing the Testa documentary production team.

Although it is famous for invading the privacy of celebrities it was a media company that implicitly spread the perception that its data was therefore more realistic.

————————=

[(Exclusive) Why the Testa Concert staff reported the recording…”A monster created by the broadcasting station”]

January 202X. Testa has started a world tour. And we filmed a documentary showing the behind-the-scenes moments of the tour. (picture)

The Testa members in the documentary were earnest and sincere.

But was the filming process of this documentary honest?

Not long ago a recording of a staff member was reported via email.

…

————————=

The article clearly showed how coercive they were in order to film the documentary and moreover how rude they were to the unsuspecting staff.

————————=

Production crew\: Are you having trouble understanding what I’m saying? Why can’t you answer like this?

Staff A\:…

Production crew\: He doesn’t say a word about whether it’s good or bad. Really uncooperative. If the picture doesn’t come out well it’s OO’s fault. You know?

————————=

And he showed his true colors in the second half.

It is a compilation of Cha Yu-jin’s video and the corresponding transcript. It wasn’t originally a video derived from this but the description was added to make it look like it was.

————————=

Producer\: Can’t you hear me? this…

Cha Yu-jin\: (Running up and pressing the camera) Stop!

————————=

It was the magic of editing.

However even the production team could not prove that this was a patchwork.

There is an original copy of the recording but there is no original copy of the shooting data.

Moreover instead of mentioning Cha Yu-jin further the article strictly maintained the tone of ‘How severe was the abuse of power for the artist to rush in and stop it?’

So that it can be seen as an article for accusation rather than advocacy.

————————=

Through its own investigation the reporter confirmed that the production team in question was originally an entertainment production team not a documentary production team.

It’s “Idol Inc. 2”…

————————=

And in the end the message was made clear by revealing that they were from “Idol Inc. 2” which failed due to excessive stimulation and unreasonable numbers.

These guys are enough to harass people just to get a picture.

‘This production team has ample reason to criticize.’

It was no different from sniping.

It was someone’s strong will to return the bomb that hit Cha Yu-jin back to the person who made it.

-Crazy Azusa 2 production crew;;;

-It gives me goosebumps.

And that will worked.
