---
title: "Chapter 269"
category: "book"
index: 268
section: "Chapter 269"
slug: "269"
---

# Chapter 269

The fun of criticizing controversies is bound to become boring and tiresome as time goes by if there is no new firewood.

In particular people who had already been fed up with the Cha Yu-jin controversy for five days and were bored were excited by the newly introduced anti-war elements and events.

This is because it was not an act of taking away the object of criticism but of providing a new object.

-The production crew must have gone crazy.

-Where on earth do people like this come from? They pop up every time. What are they saying to the staff?

-Mangjusa Impact ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

-No it’s not some kind of mafia game. What’s the twist?

-The staff must have been really scared. I’m glad they recorded it.

Even if this production team was not a celebrity like Cha Yu-jin the topic was still the same.

〈Idol Inc.〉 is a very famous series especially because season 2 was such a spectacular failure.

People were intrigued by the revelation of the production team’s history as if a secret had been revealed.

And to make it easier to blame the new target Cha Yu-jin was returned to the victim position.

Just like he did to Park Moon-dae when he cursed Cha Yu-jin.

-What should I do about Cha Yu-jin being criticized for no reason by these crazy bastards? If it were me I would have gone mental.

-I’m so pitiful I can’t even speak.

-I doubt that the video was leaked by the production team. Isn’t that why Cha Yu-jin is hated like that?

└Wow ㅅㅂ

└This is really creepy…

The production team was smoothly transforming public opinion into someone with a more terrible personality than Cha Yu-jin.

And with public opinion suddenly showing signs of a reversal many fans and people felt a deep sense of helplessness.

-First of all they started swearing and destroyed humanity.

-Even if you put it in neutral gear you say the video is the most convincing evidence? No just wait a little while… just a little while

└To be honest I wasn’t sure about the circumstances at the time so I can’t blame the people who cursed.

└I think I’m a fan but I just think it’s a good thing right now and that makes me feel at ease. These bastards don’t change…

Even if I couldn’t understand the situation there was nothing I could do. It was too dangerous to pour cold water on the public opinion that Cha Yu-jin had finally won.

There were many people who wanted to somehow rationalize their criticism of Cha Yu-jin.

So these fans also kept quiet and accepted people’s criticism of the production team to restore Cha Yu-jin’s image.

And Cha Yu-jin’s recovery took this backlash and spread with momentum.

This sentiment intensified further when the agency secretly released a statement.

[“I’m afraid of harm to third parties”…T1 Stars tester Cha Yu-jin reveals her position]

-If I thought there was no recording and just entered the room I couldn’t tell the staff right away because I was afraid they would be misunderstood and suffer damage.

└ㅠㅠㅠㅠOh I’m really crying.

-Eujin let’s do better. You are so amazing and wonderful but I don’t know why there are so many unfair things. I hope the future will be filled with only happy things…

-It’s really amazing. If it were me I wouldn’t have been able to wait that long.

-I’m glad the staff reported it. After all you have to be nice to the people around you.

Of course there were people who noticed a sense of incongruity between the lines.

Even if it is a reaction to the situation in which public opinion is recovering.

-But why did Cha Yu-jin press the camera? Did the production team bother to hold the camera and do that to the staff? hmm

└It must have been done while filming a documentary so it probably didn’t matter since they edited it anyway.

└Wow they’re really trying to criticize me somehow. Don’t you believe me even if there’s a transcript?

└Did you get a part-time job at Manjusa Studio?

-There is a transcript. What did you do for 5 days? Didn’t you make a transcript and hand it over to the media?

└This person said he plans to file a complaint with T1 Stars.

Of course this was broken up mercilessly by Cha Yu-jin’s fans who gained energy and started flying around.

Cha Yu-jin’s fans did their best to spread the news everywhere and change the frame as if to relieve the feeling of defeat from the past five days.

-Azusa 2 production team… It seems like they haven’t gotten rid of the habit of ruining people’s lives.

– Cha Yu-jin was supposed to prevent abuse of power but he accidentally took the blame himself.

-Somehow no one gave an explanation. Is it because the studio from Azusa a member of the T1 family becomes

When the fandom which originally had many members who were strong in such matters actively joined in public opinion quickly turned around.

And whenever there was a backlash against the rapid pace articles and circumstances popped up one by one.

[Azusa 2 production team issued statement]

[Anyway the staff was mistaken.jpg (feat. statement)]

[T1 seems to have finally put an end to Gapjil Studio]

By the time the work was repeated three or four times the controversy had slowly cooled down and disappeared into the background.

Just like that Cha Yu-jin took off the tag.

* * *

I checked the latest article.

Comments on a new article related to the documentary controversy.

[Is “Gapjil Studio” closing… Film J homepage closed (21)]

The scale has been reduced to a few dozen and most of them are brief insignificant emotional expressions.

“hmm.”

I looked up from the screen and looked up.

“It’s over. “I think it passed.”

“after!”

“Ugh…”

“Thank goodness Eugene…”

The members fell down making noises here and there.

This was because I had barely monitored the internet so far to check the performance conditions while waiting for things to be resolved safely.

It’s the same atmosphere as always.

‘Those who are not involved are more upset.’

I looked at the guy who was sitting alone on the sofa cracking open a beer.

widely.

Cha Yu-jin put down the can and opened her mouth seriously.

“My brother is a genius.”

You speak well.

I guess this manipulation of evidence was quite impressive.

“Thank the masseuse. “The only thing I did was hand it over to his recording company.”

[Of course I am grateful! I would like to give you a gift…]

“Absolutely not. “Just be thankful.”

If you get caught giving a gift those novel writers will come out again.

T1 will take care of that staff for their own benefit so it is best for both sides to just send their thoughts.

“Umm Okay.”

Cha Yu-jin nodded.

And he very politely offered me a beer of his own choice.

“…?”

“No alcohol! Drink a lot bro! Thank you so much.”

“…okay.”

When I looked again it really had ‘0.0%’ attached.

Now this guy even takes care of my non-alcoholic drinks. I picked up the beer can feeling a little nervous.

“Mundaemun University! Let’s start!”

“Now wait a minute…! “I haven’t opened it yet…”

“…”

Wow.

After waiting for a while I clinked my beer to the guys who held out cans.

Only then do they come to their senses and cheer and smile brightly.

“It’s good~ The food is delicious because I feel at ease. yes?”

“yes! “The room service food at this hotel seems to be very delicious.”

okay. Now we are all in a hotel room together.

Today is the day when the members stay in the same room once a week.

That’s what Liu Chengwu suggested.

Now that the Japan tour is over we had an after-party and celebrated Cha Yu-jin’s recovery to liven things up a bit today.

I shrugged my shoulders as I looked at the food and drinks lying around.

‘Actually I think we were originally planning to hold an additional tour.’

It seems that the company had planned to hold another encore at Tokyo Dome but it was canceled out of concern due to the Cha Yu-jin controversy.

So I return home tomorrow.

Of course it’s not about taking a break.

“Let’s finish the encore concert well in Korea.”

“Good~”

An encore concert will be held in Korea soon. It was a good thing for domestic fans who must have been tired for several weeks.

‘If you think about it that way… I guess it was a bit of bad luck that the dome tour coincided with the controversy.’

Cha Yu-jin would have been able to perform more comfortably as there was almost no information about the Japanese performance and at most there were only testimonials and blurry photos.

It was just a relief that the article broke before the new performance.

I checked out the performances from the last tour.

‘Well the tour itself was okay this time too.’

It is true that the taste of the hometown is special but overseas also has its own taste.

‘It was refreshing because there was always a translation into the local language or singing of a famous local song.’

For the first time in a long time I enjoyed a beer while focusing only on the performance… Although it is non-alcoholic.

And then I heard other guys talking.

“Eujin must have been having a hard time but you did a great job and performed all the performances. “I’m sure the audience enjoyed it.”

“…I had a hard time.”

Even Bae Se-jin was awkwardly patting Cha Yu-jin on the back. Is it the power of alcohol?

I looked at it without thinking and suddenly heard a noise from the guys my eyes met.

“Moondae also had a hard time.”

“…that’s right. “You too… were amazing.”

“…??”

Next to him Keun Se-jin suddenly burst into laughter again.

“Hey why do you look like that when you mess up the most?”

“An uproar?”

“okay! “You were so flashy when you threw your smartphone and hit the sofa remember?”

“…”

I briefly recalled my past history.

‘That’s right.’

And moaned.

“…That’s because I’m annoyed.”

“Why would you be annoyed? uh? “Isn’t it because you’re so worried about our member Yujin?”

no. This time I’m really angry because I can’t seem to find an answer no matter what I do.

However the tall Se-jin who is shoulder to shoulder with Cha Yu-jin is laughing as if his mouth is splitting open.

“Ah our team has a really good atmosphere~”

“…”

What is it?

If you think about it that way… it might be true.

I never expected to feel this much sense of belonging to this group.

And emotions are always influential.

I eventually smiled and opened my mouth.

“okay. I was worried. “You can’t not do it.”

“…!”

Then he looked at Cha Yu-jin and said.

“You held on well. “It was hard.”

If this guy had escaped things would have been twice as difficult but since he was a resolute guy we were able to handle it.

“…”

Cha Yu-jin kept her mouth shut and made no reply.

‘Now that I think about it it seems like there was no answer to what the other guys said earlier… ’

Before the thought was over Cha Yu-jin began to sob.

“…!”

“Yu Yujin?”

Instead of answering again Cha Yu-jin this time grabbed the head of the person next to her.

Kim Rae-bin who was suddenly attacked lost the champagne and was scared.

“Hey Cha Yujin!”

“Ugh!!”

But even Sun Ah-hyeon did not stop him.

…Because it was the first time Cha Yu-jin cried over this.

“…hmm.”

Kim Rae-bin also eventually understood Cha Yu-jin’s situation.

“Hung…”

So Cha Yu-jin cried excitedly for quite a long time holding her friend’s head.

It was a cool night.

* * *

Return home the next day.

Raebin Kim said that he would generously forgive his friend considering the special nature of the situation.

“I understand Cha Yu-jin’s anxiety and concerns as it was a situation where she could not be able to participate in group activities.”

That is correct.

So I guess T1 has also completely abandoned the studio side. This is an issue that could have a serious impact on the group.

This means that it is more profitable to preserve an influential idol group with astronomical profits than to have a studio with no results.

Of course even if you do this Cha Yu-jin will get some arrows back after some time.

-Still it’s cheap to get out of hand first.

-Isn’t it hard to say that Cha Yu-jin did well? She seems to have an impulsive personality.

Perhaps… a statement like this will come out. Once this kind of controversy arises it never completely disappears.

This means that Cha Yu-jin will have to pay more attention in the future to avoid creating similar controversies.

‘It’s inconvenient.’

Moreover the biggest problem is that the unity within the fandom has been destroyed.

Among fans of the group itself most of those who criticized Cha Yu-jin are apologetic relieved or cautious.

This means that the tension is enough to be sealed with one good content.

The problem lies with individual fandom.

‘This… I think natural recovery will be difficult.’

First of all Cha Yu-jin’s fans seem to have been extremely shocked.

This is because there were quite a few opinions from other members’ personal fans that Cha Yu-jin should be removed from the group as soon as the incident occurred.

-After watching my child’s personality and behavior for years I was heartbroken to see him cut off as soon as something happened. Was it that hard to wait until he came out with a statement?

-Cha Yujin solo? Might be better to be solo than in this dirty world

-It’s just too complicated… I’m not asking you to take sides. It’s true that those who came forward and cursed went too far.

-Yukjin is a guy who has never had an issue before so he immediately started cursing me because he thought how much he had to keep in check before something happened haha.

To be honest I don’t think we can blame only one side since it happened as a result of various negative factors building up but for the same reason everyone was in deep trouble.

‘This… I’ll have to work on it separately.’

…I think we should build up to this Korean encore concert and make good use of it. In many ways.
