---
title: "Chapter 270"
category: "book"
index: 269
section: "Chapter 270"
slug: "270"
---

# Chapter 270

The atmosphere in Testa’s personal fandom was shattered.

To be honest no beautiful solution will magically work here.

Do you expect the idea of ‘since the members are good friends let’s have a sense of solidarity and get along well with each other as fans’ will work? It’s a vain hope.

Liking the same person may be a good start but isn’t the important thing in the end direct experience?

In that sense the Cha Yu-jin controversy was like directly experiencing the implicit trust between them that had been built up after the end of Azusa being completely shattered.

‘But I can’t blatantly promote Cha Yu-jin in return for compensation.’

If this happens Cha Yu-jin’s personal fans will feel a little better but those who suffered from Cha Yu-jin’s malicious personal fans in the beginning will explode.

-Honestly Cha Yu-jin hasn’t done anything good so why are you giving her food to show off?

-I’m tired… I’m really tired so I’m going to turn around.

Words like this will pour out.

In the end there should not be any nuance that one side ‘won’ over the other.

“…It’s difficult.”

Several methods came to mind but it is difficult to draw conclusions because it is difficult to establish balanced standards.

‘Let’s collect some more cases.’

I tried to open the internet and it froze.

‘…I think it would be better to ask the parties involved.’

Even if you come up with a method anyway you need the consent of the group to use it. It will be easier to proceed if you refer to their thoughts.

I decided to ask the members about the situation.

If you explain the situation specifically ‘Our fans will get along better in the end!’ Since the same distorted hope may be included I used a different analogy.

“So how can group members who have hurt each other to the extreme get along?”

“okay.”

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“I’m just a person I work with~ Isn’t it best to think before going? “You just have to look good when you’re working.”

It is orthodoxy.

It seems like

The atmosphere in our fandom right now is just right… It also means that there will soon be people who see the defection.

‘The answer is that it will be difficult to maintain the status quo.’

“But why is Moon University suddenly like this? “Is there a group that has a bad relationship?”

“No just.”

Anyway I think explaining it in detail to this guy will only stress me out so let’s talk about it after I organize it.

I asked the same question to another guy.

And then we lost in a row.

“Now I don’t know. Uh… listening to each other and moving forward with respect…”

Kim Rae-bin’s pass.

“…How to get along better?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin asked back with suspicious eyes.

“…Are you sure you’re asking me?”

“…”

It means that you are not confident in your sociability. Let’s skip this too.

Liu Chengwu who happened to be sitting next to him answered as if there was nothing to worry about.

“If we all work hard together we quickly become friends.”

“…hmm.”

That too.

‘What are you doing to people who have already suffered enough?’

Of course Liu Chengwu answered without knowing what the subject was.

And he himself added his own explanation with a slightly embarrassed expression.

“Oh I’m not saying you have to work hard all the time… There is a reward and if you all overcome the same obstacles together you become closer. “That’s what I was saying.”

“ah.”

It felt like it was my own experience as an athlete.

‘That’s true though.’

Rewards and obstacles.

I decided to just remember this and move on.

And next something similar to Liu Chengwu’s but better sounding came out.

“I! I know! Let’s do something fun together! Like Sports!”

“sports.”

“yes! Let’s run and play together. And if we win together we become friends!”

It’s a useful idea.

‘Certainly… isn’t fan activity similar to a kind of sport?’

In the sense that there are rules there is a difference between winning and losing and there is a sense of emotional accomplishment.

The difference is that it is less immersive than playing sports in person.

However it seemed like a very good point of view so I asked once more.

“What if we run together but our hands and feet don’t work together so we end up fighting more? “What if you are selfish to score or the opponent doesn’t pass the ball?”

[Hmm… Those people will need someone to encourage them!]

Cha Yu-jin answered without hesitation.

[Why do you know? It makes you feel ashamed of what you did. After that if you focus more on the game and win you have no choice but to reflect and become friends!]

“hmm. okay.”

Ultimately that’s what it means.

If they cannot solve it on their own an authoritative third party must intervene.

But Testa can’t do that.

‘We can’t teach the fans.’

It would be a strange structure as if the company was trying to teach its customers. It would be absurd. I can already see that I am being hit by a headwind.

So what’s left… is it an appeal?

‘Should we be weak-hearted and think that they will listen to us?’

I frowned at the solution I had come up with.

…I don’t feel refreshed. It’s too fragmentary.

“Mumundaeya?”

“ah.”

When I turned my head I saw that Sun Ah-hyun was hesitant unable to enter the kitchen. I think it was because I was blocking the road.

It just worked out well.

“Is it okay if I ask you something?”

“Okay then!”

I moved out of the way and asked Sun Ah-hyun the same question one more time.

“What do you think should be done to make the group better among members who have become so emotionally offended?”

“Hmm??”

Sun Ah-hyun seems embarrassed.

Cha Yu-jin looked at him with interested eyes.

“Uhm…”

And Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be thinking deeply and gave an unexpected answer.

“I think… wouldn’t it be difficult?”

“…!”

It was just ‘impossible’.

“Because our relationship is already so bad… I think there must be a reason. So I think it would be very difficult for our relationship to suddenly become better.”

It was the most realistic and cool-headed answer.

“Of course other people might come up with a good way but I think so.”

“…okay.”

I nodded.

Sun Ah-hyun laughed awkwardly and Cha Yu-jin firmly raised her hand.

“But I like my method!”

“Oh what method…?”

I left the two guys talking and got lost in thought.

‘We’ve finished gathering opinions for a round so let’s talk… ’

A conclusion has been reached.

‘It is impossible to completely resolve the emotions right away in our power.’

Sun Ah-hyun was right.

This is not something that can be resolved immediately just because Testa does something.

So let’s put aside vague talk like reconciliation and relationship restoration and get back to the basics.

What moves people?

‘It’s a benefit.’

Achieve victory reward. Joy Ultimately when they are given the process is rationalized.

I remembered Liu Chengwu’s words.

-There is a reward and if we all overcome the same obstacles together we become friends.

This ultimately makes the joy of the result positive for the ‘team members’ who exist in the process.

So we also operate on the same principle.

‘We need to show each member the benefits of being a tester.’

When these seven are together you can immediately feel that they are the best most successful and like a first team.

So that we know at an instinctive level that maintaining this group is in the best interest of each individual.

You should realize that the fun you get from maintaining this group called Testa is greater than the stress you get from other individual fandoms that you don’t like.

‘And it makes up excuses.’

The emotional part comes in only to help make this process run more smoothly.

‘The kids are close to each other and work very hard together… Because the group called Testa seems precious.’

It helps fans cite emotional and human reasons instead of blatantly weighing pros and cons.

Let’s pretend we can’t win and be moved by the warm and passionate atmosphere so that the fandom atmosphere appears to have calmed down.

-Those people will need someone to encourage them!

In a way this is exactly what Cha Yu-jin said.

However since we cannot lecture the fans we have to go in a different direction.

‘So what to do is… ’

Testa needs to show that beyond working hard as an idol he values the group itself and attaches great meaning to it.

And now that I think about it I think it would actually cool down if it were as direct as an appeal.

‘It’s not mentioned but it makes you feel it deeply.’

Is this a picture of laying groundbait like that and then making the mulberry cold with a testa?

“hmm.”

[…Is it resolved easily after a team fight like that? Why are there so many sports movies?]

“I think that could happen…!”

I looked at Cha Yu-jin who was still talking passionately and Sun Ah-hyeon who was being persuaded and then I smiled once and left the kitchen.

“Where are you going bro!?”

“To wash up.”

Let’s organize things.

There are a lot of things to discuss in order to capture content but among them there was a priority.

‘I should ask them to contact W Live.’

First the encore concert format needs to be rescheduled.

* * *

Testa is holding an encore concert in Korea after a successful dome tour in Japan!

Of course it was news that everyone would like.

-Finally I can taste life.

-Please take my place this time.

-You’re coming back to Korea right away like this? Why does T1 know how to work?

And this time the next good news was waiting.

The moment ticketing ended W Live posted a notice.

[Failed to get a ticket for the Testa concert? don’t worry! Real-time broadcast OPEN on W Live♡]

It is a live concert broadcast on the Internet. The intention was to attract as many people as possible to the site but those who failed to purchase tickets were relieved.

-Wow I guess I invested it because the response was good during the donation con. I was so happy haha.

-Phew I was so mad but it was at least some consolation… ㅠㅠ

“joy.”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan scoffed after reading the post.

‘I didn’t have to broadcast it!’

There was a reason for this to happen. This is because she confidently succeeded in reserving standing seats for this concert!

So now when I come to the concert site I can leisurely look through old posts.

‘Well the atmosphere is nice.’

She put down her smartphone and glanced around.

For a while the atmosphere among individual fans felt like it was on thin ice but once they were offline everyone was harmonious and happy.

‘After all is online just the world they live in??’

She clicked her tongue among the people filled with anticipation but soon nodded when she saw posts about the concert scene on social media.

-I just gave you a Wolf Cheongwoo cookie but it was ignored? Looking at it I’m that fan. It’s ridiculous haha.

It was riding a scary ride.

‘They just don’t show it.’

It was a mess. Kim Rae-bin’s fan decided to turn off social media and watch the concert. Otherwise he felt like he would interrupt and say something.

‘Let’s go take a good look at Kim Rae-bin and Park Moon-dae.’

What remains is what you see.

She waited to watch the concert on the left block which she had carefully chosen based on her previous experience.

Anyway my heart pounded when I saw my idol in person for the first time in a long time.

And after a while.

[Hello Seoul~!]

Wow!!

The stage started with explosive momentum.

The performance which opened with the most recent song ‘Drill’ overlapped with the previous concert in Seoul and quickly drew in the audience.

‘Go to the next song!!’

Because it was an encore concert there was little change in composition from the last Seoul concert but knowing the set list was also an advantage.

Because there is a taste of having expectations met.

Above all Testa’s concert had a power that could only be felt at the scene so even if it was the same taste on screen the intensity was different.

[You sting

Swallow it to your heart’s content!]

Title song sub songs and solo performances.

“Wow!!!”

It made me scream until my voice became hoarse.

The concert which was so skillfully controlled and paced went by in an instant and eventually came to an end.

[Bye bye~]

The stage lights dim and return to their default state.

“after!”

Of course it wasn’t the real ending. Because I already know that we’ll do three or four more songs as an encore.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan wiped his forehead.

I was told he was handsome so much that I felt like I was about to have a gestalt breakdown!

So I calmly thought about the next song.

‘Was the first encore song a medley?’

During the tour this was the part where one local song was included but originally it was a short arrangement of a medley of songs from the time of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

‘I guess it will go the same way.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan guessed that and looked around at the people singing the fan song.

Given the atmosphere these days when the song “Azusa” comes out it doesn’t seem like memories will come flooding back but rather it will bring back memories of the bloody fandom relationship back then.

‘I don’t know. Let’s just curse at each other.’

She grumbled and erased her thoughts saying that no matter what as long as you get good grades it’s okay.

“I feel good today like something good will happen”

Meanwhile people were singing the first fan song while waiting for the encore.

It was a national rule but looking at the SNS earlier it seemed like a quarter of them hated each other which gave her a strange feeling.

The reason everyone seemed happy was because it wasn’t a lie.

‘There is a concert mulberry.’

Just by myself I am indirectly experiencing the feeling of being a fan of the group by singing along right now.

‘Come out guys!’

At that moment sound and lights returned to the stage.

Ahhh!

The tour promotional VCR that came out before the encore while people were cheering…

“uh?”

It wasn’t.

What was heard on the huge electronic display board was not a grand intro but a thin and warm acoustic guitar sound.

The melody of the fan song ‘The Magic Is You’ that people were singing just now.

And the person playing that melody on the guitar on the screen was… Kim Rae-bin.

“Wow…?”

However Kim Rae-bin’s outfit was unusual.

Sleep pants and t-shirt.

Anyone can see that she is wearing very comfortable pajamas and her hair is tied up in a ponytail.

“Hmph.”

And when I looked at it again the video didn’t look like it had been shot professionally it just looked like a phone camera with a filter in it.

It felt like a very personal video.

[Umm mmmm~]

Next to Kim Rae-bin are Cha Yu-jin who is lying down and humming and Bae Se-jin who is sitting on the sofa and choosing food with a serious expression.

Behind them Park Moon-dae brought drinks and Lee Se-jin waved at the camera while looking for a towel after washing up.

[Hello~ What are we filming?]

[It’s just a memorial.]

Liu Chengwu’s laughter was heard. Then I rotated the camera around as if recording it and turned it off.

“uh.”

And subtitles appeared at the top of the black screen.

[Testa Documentary]

[Produced by\: Ryu Cheong-woo Bae Se-jin Sun Ah-hyun Lee Se-jin Park Moon-dae Cha Yu-jin Kim Rae-bin]

[Sponsor\: Ryu Cheong-woo! &lt;-importance]

Instead of a failed documentary it was a behind-the-scenes tour of their tour made up of photos and videos taken by Testa while preparing for the concert.
