---
title: "Chapter 271"
category: "book"
index: 270
section: "Chapter 271"
slug: "271"
---

# Chapter 271

Make your own documentary?

‘omg.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan who was so upset that he felt like his stomach would turn at the mere sight of the word “documentary” felt a cold feeling for a moment.

‘Hey… ’

Isn’t it just a pimple from scratching for no reason?

But this thought did not last long and disappeared beneath the surface.

This is because the testa on the screen that appeared again looked very friendly.

It may be morning but the photographer who was taking pictures of the members lying on the floor with shaking hands touches them.

[Let’s eat.]

[Wow… I’m sleepy.]

[…I want to eat meat.]

“…??”

So rather than saying they seemed close to each other… their actions were simple and realistic without any purpose or exaggeration.

There were many videos of Testa that were well-processed through the planning and editing of the producers.

Even there Testa was unique and revealed his personality but this was the first time I was faced with such a feeling of not being conscious of the public.

Diririring-.

The slow accompaniment is… the acoustic guitar of Kim Rae-bin’s ‘The Magic Is You’ that came out just before.

The raw live sound that went through little mixing resonated at the scene.

[hmm.]

[You’re not sure right?]

[a little.]

A group of people monitoring in between cuts practicing concert choreography.

Eating ice cream in a hotel room and absentmindedly watching a foreign broadcast.

In hotels in other countries people throw cards at each other while playing board games.

[haha!]

The photographer’s laughter echoes above the guitar. The screen shakes.

Short videos continued like that.

“…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan was already watching the video without thinking about anything else.

And I didn’t even realize that I was like that.

The screen follows the members who dance throw and catch objects check their hair dye come off the stage and run around laughing.

And when the accompaniment passes the bridge and enters the climax.

Wow…

The concert preparation and after-party photos taken by myself passed through the video like a panorama.

Park Moon-dae grilling meat and Lee Se-jin shaking drinks at the after-party for a photo of everyone holding firecrackers on the beach.

Cha Yu-chan smiles as she climbs onto the rehearsal stage equipment…

It was countless hours of testa without even knowing when or how it was filmed.

In addition to their activities the fact that they share a lot of time on their own poured out like a huge meteor shower through one screen and one connection…

“…”

The audience became completely silent with the occasional scream gone.

And only then was Kim Rae-bin’s fan able to scream internally.

‘You… you shameless bastards!!’

The chairman was already drenched in melancholy.

The group’s fans who generously sacrificed money on the documentary to save Cha Yu-jin are probably shedding tears while watching the broadcast.

And she also felt that her nose was getting cold for some reason.

The atmosphere at the venue was so heated that it was strange that it didn’t.

“under…”

She admitted feeling unfamiliar with herself as she became more emotional.

‘Okay I think it will work for now… ’

It may not last long but adding this kind of spice to the magic of the concert was bound to have an effect.

‘After the con is over the mood will get better for a while… ’

However the members’ preparations did not end there.

[Preparing for encore]

Under the subtitles that appeared in the video there was a silent scene of the members talking while ordering chicken in the studio.

And even entering the recording booth wearing comfortable clothes.

[In other countries they sang songs that were famous in that country. So… I think it would be good to do that in Korea as well.]

The screen where I recorded the short handwritten note turned black again.

The gently sounding guitar sound reached its climax and subtly faded away.

And subtitles.

[Commemorating the birth of Testa]

[200X]

[The song most people listened to the year Testa was all in Korea]

The stage opens and the dry ice is gently pushed out awakening the smell of the stage.

And instead of the medley from “Idol Inc.” a lyrical accompaniment with a rich melody began to flow.

“…!”

Familiar and good melody.

Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin This is a carol sampling song released at the end of the year in which the youngest members of Testa were born.

[Getting better]

The carol arranged as a Korean-style ballad resonated beautifully in the concert hall.

Then a lift slowly rose from under the dry ice on the stage floor.

The members dressed in neat winter casual clothes stood on top of it.

Bae Se-jin wearing a coat picked up the microphone first.

-When a trivial mistake hurts

When you feel like you’re falling apart due to a small wound

The voice without excessive technique somehow sounded sincere.

-I just sit quietly by the window.

Think about me next year

Sun Ah-hyun raised a clear bass note.

And Lee Se-jin adds harmony and sings the next verse.

-Same season same day

When I suddenly think about it and look back

The orchestra rang. The live band which had been making strong sounds throughout the concert stopped playing electronic instruments and used soft string and keyboard instruments to build up the sound.

A clear and strong voice rose above him.

-This is a gloomy day

Becoming fertilizer in my heart

Sharp pains

Be my strong screw

It was Park Moon-dae’s voice. A solid sound comes from inside a pink head wearing a gray mustang.

A harmony that was pleasant to listen to was connected above and below. Ryu Cheong-woo’s mid-bass voice took center stage.

-Go down there and end up

On the day I become

Cha Yu-jin sang the last verse with a smiling face.

-I won’t mind.

It was a sound that sounded somewhat reassuring.

“…ah.”

A video of the lyrics and mood dictionary of the song.

Everything came together and created a crazy synergy.

‘These kids… they really worked hard.’

A strange sound that suppresses tears can be heard intermittently from here and there in the audience under the acoustics.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan tried to think that she was trying to maintain her cool rationality saying it was too blatant.

I beat myself up thinking that it would be just like the internet meme where people hold back their tears and pretend not to be touched.

-You won’t mind.

The song was developed truthfully and affectionately without excessive embellishment.

Lights twinkling along with the movements of fans slowly waving their light sticks in all directions.

The sampled carol melody spread through humming.

-Du- durururudu-

The audience was immersed in the performance between the harmony of sound and light as if immersed in the depths of the warm sea.

-Happy new year to you

I know you’I’ll be okay.

The song ended with a moderate bass note.

“…”

‘It’s a fraud.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan muttered as he watched a close-up of the smiling members with their microphones down appearing on the electronic display board.

‘It’s just… it sucks the concert to its core… ’

Perhaps because I was a personal fan I felt like I had been taken advantage of.

I felt like all the emotions had been sucked out of my body.

‘Are you that good at Testa you guys… Ravin… ’

She felt a complex sense of defeat as she watched Kim Rae-bin dressed in cute white padding holding hands and greeting the members…

Unlike before there are a lot of fans who win over their idols but at least not at this moment.

However Kim Rae-bin’s fans made up their minds once again.

‘But it’s just a moment! And then next week all the buds will fall out… ’

[Thanks for listening.]

[How did you like the song we prepared?]

“It was great!!”

“Waaaa!!”

I can’t help it. It was the audience’s reflex.

The members smiled with anticipation on their faces got off the lift formed a formation and turned around.

[The next encore song goes right away.]

‘With those clothes??’

The members were seen throwing their winter coats in front of Kim Rae-bin a fan whose thoughts stopped and a question arose.

Inside was a typical stage costume of leather pants and a white linen shirt.

“Ugh!!”

It was a typical production but it worked well.

The lights went out as screams poured in from the guys who took off their gloves and hats and threw them far away.

And the sweet resonating intro.

It is ‘Wheel (day)’.

-Spin the wheel

So that it flies far away

The melody resonates and is beautiful

It touches my heart let it pop

‘Hmph.’

That song… I did it earlier.

Well it was a good performance no matter how many times I saw it (perhaps because it was a song written by someone) but it was true that it was a bit surprising.

-Spin the wheel

To go to your dreams

Stay like this again today

It’s not over let me in

And to say that the costume was for the ‘Wheel’ had a bit of a spicy taste to it.

It was unbalanced.

‘Hmm.’

Did you rehash it because you were in a hurry to prepare?

It was a moment when Kim Rae-bin’s fans were about to cool down a bit.

-Flying Now

Whi-whee-whee-whee!

“…!!”

Suddenly a familiar whistle entered the song.

And naturally a strong bass and beat came into the song…

It was dropped like a lie.

-Jump off

No need for a parachute

just run

‘It’s a drill!!’

That’s right. The chorus of their double title song ‘Drill (Night)’ instantly took over the song.

Meanwhile the stage where the members were standing changed from Wheel’s faint and refreshing feel to intense pinpoint lighting.

The luminous paint that was hidden in black on the leather pants they wore sparkled in the light.

And the point choreography of ‘Drill’ that goes in without any hesitation.

“what!!”

And only then did everyone understand the situation.

– Come in

(let me in)

These two titles were combined into one song and remixed!!

And subtitles appeared on the broadcast to those who were watching this scene.

Testa – ‘Daybreak’ (Wheel + Drill)

It was the title of a new song.

-I didn’t know that the ㅅㅂ challenge was a preview of a new song.

-Get rid of the genius idol

-Are you crazy? Are you crazy? Are you crazy?

-I like the song; What happened

Even while the people watching the broadcast were talking the song was racing like crazy.

And for the chorus the two songs were mixed together to create a new line.

-like a drill

Dig in and grab you

yes it’s beautiful

It touches my heart let it pop

I don’t know what they did but they were mixed amazingly without losing both their vibes.

The structures of ‘Wheel’ which was pleasant to listen to but a bit boring and ‘Drill’ which was intense but a bit excessive fit together like a puzzle.

Moreover the members maintained that delicate balance in an unbelievable way.

The stage was intense and had a somewhat refreshing carbonated feel but at the same time it had a humorous flavor.

-Turn my ferris wheel around

Light bursting like a star

The fact that only the scenes that received a good response from the two choreographies were selected and compiled together gave the pleasure of filtering out the ‘best’ ones.

“Aaaah!!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan screamed but he couldn’t really hear it.

Because the surrounding area was already filled with screams.

The tension was maximized in the audience contrasting with the stage just before where the adrenaline rush of joyful surprise and satisfaction exploded.

-Enjoy the moment

That’s my thrill ha!

Cha Yu-jin’s satisfying chuimsae and tumbling in the group choreography that hit like a sword were refreshingly captivating at the concert hall.

Argh!

“Uuuuuu…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan was sobbing as if he was going to die but eventually admitted it.

I think it will be a long time in the future that concerts will disappear.

* * *

Testa Seoul encore concert ends on the first day.

An hour and a half later the Internet situation was like this.

-After all your main job is important hahahaha.

-Testa How ridiculous this is. Usually combining two songs creates a sense of incongruity. It is not easy for songs that are so different to fit together well.

└That’s right and ‘good + good = better’ 〈- In this official song there are a lot of cases where it doesn’t fit due to flow issues but how did they pull it off;;

-You’re so good on stage. Those who did the damn challenge should be ashamed of themselves.

‘Good.’

It seems like all the desired effects were achieved.

Now all we have to do is for those who are satisfied with the quality of the stage to maintain a truce mood by citing the poor documentary we filmed as the reason.

And it seemed like it was already being steadily realized.

-Testa… is family…

-Where is the guy who said he was going to shoot those who run a family business? I was shot dead. Not in me.

-How can these seven people come together? I’m so moved that I’m crying. Testa Forever… ☆

The voices of the group’s fans grew louder.

‘Because when people are satisfied they become relaxed.’

I shrugged and put down my phone.

“Did it turn out the way you wanted?”

“uh.”

“Quickly sit down and eat the meat Park Mun-dae!”

I sat down and had a late dinner as Bae Se-jin who was drunk and brave said.

And I thought about the relief hitter who would come before this concert ended.

‘We did everything we had to do.’

It reduced fatigue and gave a sense of justification and satisfaction.

So what’s next? It is a battle with the enemy.

And just in time some very suitable people come.

An object of comparison that will make fans say things like ‘We are still better than them’ or ‘Seeing you again as a fairy’.

And at the same time… an external enemy.

I remembered the article I checked just before.

[〈Re-listing! [Idol Co. Ltd.] Season 3 first stage released]

It’s the new season of “Idol Inc.”

A season for male idols not female idols. Testa’s immediate junior.

‘If we can just prevent fandom leaks there are rare external enemies like this.’

I shrugged.

Let’s see what happens.
