---
title: "Chapter 272"
category: "book"
index: 271
section: "Chapter 272"
slug: "272"
---

# Chapter 272

We even had a brief promotion with a new remix song released at the concert.

The response was so good that an agreement was reached to row when the water came in.

-Crazy music comes out ㅠㅠ

-How on earth did Testa endure this until the concert was released? Was it really a challenge that he couldn’t endure?

-Please give me more. I can’t end it here.

Since it was a concert release I thought it would end up being talked about as a famous song among fans but there were quite a few other reactions as well.

-Wow was this really planned from the beginning?

└I think it would be surprising even if it was paid in a hurry. Either way there is no joke.z

-Idol agencies these days are of high quality. I like the promotion of national prestige.

Since I had the foundation built up from the last album and also won against Younglin in that promotion it seemed like the popularity of both songs was good.

Thanks to this Kim Rae-bin seems excited.

————————=

My name is Raebin Kim. Even though it was a remix for a concert and not a title I would like to thank you all for your interest in the song. This work starts with connecting the base…

————————=

…9 chapters of short sentences about composition that start like this were registered on Testa’s public SNS.

For reference the hearts shared in the first post were cut to 1/5 by the 8th post. It’s a tacit sign that you don’t understand what’s being said.

“Ravin what you just posted…”

“I think everyone has a lot of questions so I’ve summarized the arrangement process in my own way. What do you think?”

“Ugh that’s really good.”

He looked happy and moved on without saying anything more. Dark history is your responsibility.

Anyway it’s true that this guy who even made a remix while on tour is amazing.

-… How on earth do you make something like this? No when?

-During my free time during the tour I refined the arrangement of the music used in our challenge as a hobby.

-That’s… a hobby?

-yes!

I briefly recalled the conversation between Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin. And then I thought again.

‘Receiving multiple opinions… is helpful.’

Without Cha Yu-jin’s challenge opinion this idea would not have come up.

I admit that although this brainstorming method is not time efficient the results are quite good.

Anyway for that reason we are currently in an active period.

“We need to move quickly.”

“Yes~”

This short unplanned activity was not as intense as a full album.

It mainly consists of appearing on the WeTube stage video channel or uploading own videos. Or just advertising for profit.

In other words it means that it is close to providing content for fan service.

Since there was also the Cha Yu-jin controversy I planned to reduce my excessive public attention for a while and wait until my image stabilized by focusing on fan activities.

‘I’m thinking of including this remix as a sub song in my next comeback.’

Still the activities were quite fun for the first time in a few months. It wasn’t as crazy busy as it was during the official promotion period.

“What about tomorrow… what kind of WeTube channel interview was it?”

“that’s right. “I heard it’s a channel where we can meet kids and listen to our songs.”

“Oh is it good? “I wanted to try something like that~”

Because it was not a large-scale activity or an activity where I had to prove anything I felt comfortable and it was a fun activity.

I think the fans felt the same way.

-Chungwoo who looks at the babies with honey-filled eyes is really guilty…

-Our Hamchi is doing his best to hold back laughter when he says that he is the most handsome (video) You can just smile Sejin… (laughing and crying emoticon)

-The stage studio cut version appeared. I like the outfit the best. The racing suit is the best.

└Lee Se-jin\: I promise I will wear something that sticks to me for the rest of my life.

I also really liked the effect of this activity slightly extending the afterglow of the concert.

Thanks to this the conflict between individual fans did not rise to the mainstream of the fandom atmosphere for a while and was subsided as a fight behind the scenes.

And ‘Re-listing! It was around that time that news about “Idol Co. 3” quietly came out.

As we were moving from the Tnet building we saw an advertising video coming from a huge electronic display board in one corner of the first floor lobby.

[Shareholders! Do you remember your idol stocks?]

[We will list it for you this April!]

The color is so dazzling.

“Oh… you’re doing it again.”

“Sure.”

Obviously the word ‘necessarily’ would have been omitted in front of that word.

The video continued to show highlights from last season and eventually changed to the “Azusa” logo which included a large Roman letter III.

“But isn’t it Season 5? Why 3?”

“The season we appeared in was a renewal so if we make that the first it would be the third or fifth.”

“Ooh! I understood!”

okay. Even the media which inevitably wrote about the entire season until last season is now basing its standards on the season in which Testa was produced.

‘There may be a loss of momentum to Tnet which is working hard to maintain the re-listed title… ’

It may be because the tester was so popular. It has become a kind of symbol.

Because of that it was a bit bitter that I was able to continue with this sadistic audition.

In addition there was a lot of media play based on our name.

For example something like this\:

[〈Re-listing! Appearance of the second tester of a new generation of idols shown by Idol Inc.?]

[“A new global male idol is coming to succeed Testa”…〈Idol Inc.〉 new season]

Well it wouldn’t have any effect on Tnet if we stopped or refused to do something like this so we gave up.

‘It’s been less than three years since we debuted but it’s already a bit funny to see things like this.’

Anyone who sees it will think that it’s an idol from VTIC’s annual contract renewal season.

And the internet reaction… isn’t it obvious?

-Stop giving another injection.

-Why is there another Buldak K-pop camp on Netflix Azusa?

-At this point the beef bone soup doesn’t even come out. You crazy people please stop.

Something like this.

However it has become a bit sharper. Especially Testa’s fans.

-LOL Why? Testa is alive and well but it’s in vain. It doesn’t work.

-How many times has Testa been mentioned in the article? It’s already making me angry to be tempted to transfer.

-If you sell it to Testa just to promote Mangjusa I’ll kill you. Take care of the first team you have. You bastards there’s nothing I like.

This is because last season’s male idol Testa is on a high and a direct junior appears.

It’s different from last season’s female idol ‘Miri Nae’. This is because the target groups exactly overlap.

It’s not even the time for a generational change nor is it time for Testa’s five-year contract to come to an end. It’s natural for fans to be annoyed and say it’s stupid.

In addition there are other uncomfortable points from Testa’s perspective.

“…I wonder if many of our fans will see this too.”

“Well there are probably people like that.”

“…”

The similarity is in positioning.

If the audition narrative is the same there are definitely people who will be attracted to the fresh taste. And you may end up feeling bored with the old one.

That’s what makes the new season of Azusa more threatening than other groups.

But there was nothing to worry too much about.

“No no. Our team is doing well! I’m not worried at all. Fans it’s okay to see this! We like it more. “I did a lot of cool things!”

“It’s been a while since Cha Yu-jin is saying the right things. “I think so too.”

It’s just as the two youngest guys said.

‘It’s already been a few years since the testa was decided.’

Testa’s already built world view and album image were strong enough to just blindly say ‘the images from the audition program overlap’.

Perhaps conscious of that the members quickly smiled shyly or shrugged their shoulders.

“Yes that is correct. “Let’s work hard.”

“Hehe.”

“Of course!”

For reference I thought of this the other way around.

This is not a problem we can overcome…

‘I think it would be beneficial.’

The fact that the narratives overlap is actually good.

There are benefits to the fandom atmosphere that offset some damage from the leak.

Normally when people have something to compare with openly they weigh the pros and cons more coldly and rationally.

The satisfaction of objectively judging that our quality is better than that.

And the same goes for fandom. Due to the nature of this program the fandom atmosphere for the new season is… what do you know?

‘It was always a mess.’

It will be six months of accidents and bloodshed throughout the airing and from the airing until the debut.

This is a condition that can never be defeated by comparison. You can gain an unconditional advantage over your opponent.

‘good.’

I had vaguely thought about it up to this point but I liked the new season of Azusa because it came out at a more precise time than I expected.

‘I can fix it like this.’

The fatigue was sufficiently reduced during the concert so it won’t be a feeling of getting bored and taking a break from fan activities.

You can have enough fun and only turn your anger outward.

‘Get your anger out. Satisfaction is within.’

Moreover no matter what this season did the chances of surpassing the heights of our relaunch season were extremely slim.

This is not arrogance but an objective fact.

‘It’s just that our season was incredibly timely and we had a good talent pool.’

It is difficult to have that kind of luck continuously.

“Anyway… it reminds me of the old days.”

“Hyung isn’t that the line we said when we were doing that hotteok selling variety show?”

“Oh really? haha!”

Sun Ah-hyun added her words carefully.

“I hope everyone does well without getting hurt.”

“that’s right! Cheer up guys~”

“As a senior from a season a few years ago I have a variety of emotions.”

That’s a really good thing to say but it probably won’t work.

I touched my chin when I saw the season 3 logo.

‘These guys… will break in all directions.’

The season is slowly falling apart due to the pattern but the results of the ideal idol audition are compared to the peak season.

‘We have to rise to a certain extent so that our weakness will last a long time.’

If this season doesn’t perform at an incomparable level it won’t be as effective as I want.

So I was hoping that this season would be at least average.

“Everyone please let us move…”

“Huh yep!”

“I’m sorry manager~”

We took our eyes off the screen and started moving again.

It was some time later that I checked the news of this new season again.

Testa was filming relay dance content for Tnet.

“I’m sorry but can you take a picture if you have a moment? “Just keep it short!”

“Oh yes.”

There I happened to be filming a sports cheering video in my spare time and I met an unexpected face.

“Huh! Hello senior!”

“Yes hello~”

It was Mirinae who had just finished her US tour and entered the country.

‘It looks like they’re filming a variety show or something.’

There was nothing to say too much so after saying hello we immediately started filming our cheers.

“I’ll get one each as quickly as possible!”

“yes.”

I finished my part first sat on a chair in the hallway of the broadcasting station and played some logic on my smartphone.

It was then. A member of Mirinae bowed his head and spoke.

Looking at his face… Oh he’s from first place.

“Hello senior Moon Dae!”

“yes. Hello…”

And the first place person sat down next to me.

“…?”

Why?

However he wasn’t sitting particularly close to me and he didn’t seem to think anything of it so I didn’t react any differently.

Instead I looked away and saw a poster posted in the hallway.

It was the new season poster for Azusa.

‘They put this all over the place.’

Although I was worried I thought there was quite a bit of support from within but suddenly someone next to me started talking.

“Senior are you watching this season?”

“yes? No I just caught your eye.”

“is it so? “We went filming here this time!”

I see. It wasn’t an awkward situation since we were also mobilized for Mirinae’s season. He probably came to give me some encouragement.

I nodded and first place was… a dissatisfied expression?

“But I think I went too far this season! Are you saying it’s severe? “I wouldn’t have been surprised if the contestants ran out crying.”

“…”

“I saw some bad contestants there so it seemed like the good contestants were going to have a really hard time. Hey we didn’t do that back then!”

Were we… going to have this conversation?

‘I think this is my first time having a one-on-one conversation.’

Well it was a conversation that would end in a minute anyway. I nodded again.

“is it so.”

“yes! Oh I thought it was completely crazy that they were asking the Platinum class to pick one contestant who didn’t deserve to be on the first stage? And I even really took it off!”

“oh.”

It was shocking. This must be really messed up.

‘It’s sure to be a hot topic.’

My skill at filling my stomach by being mean to my kids has not gone anywhere.

I was impressed and the first place person nodded his head loudly.

“I thought you would think it was too much!”

“…yes. hmm.”

He was a standout guy in many ways.

‘The person taking care of it must be having a hard time.’

Sure enough after a while the second place person finished filming and when he saw this his complexion changed and he rushed over.

And on behalf of the manager who was running around taking care of other members I started doing my best to resolve the situation.

This means that the mouth of No. 1 was blocked.

“Senior! In fact we can’t open Inheart… Up!”

“It’s not that I have selfish or bad intentions… Yes. “Yulgi is usually very friendly with everyone… Yes…”

I answered quietly.

“I understand so don’t worry and just go. Thank you for your hard work filming.”

“…yes!! thank you!”

After making eye contact with me the second place person must have realized that it was sincere so he became angry and disappeared taking the first place with him.

Although the first person was embarrassed he bowed rather politely and quickly disappeared to the end of the hallway.

Big Sejin was impressed.

“Wow you sure have a personality too.”

“uh.”

This may be a characteristic of the audition group.

* * *

While traveling in the car that day I re-watched the new season of “Idol Inc.”

I originally planned to monitor it but I planned to watch it after I accumulated up to 4 episodes.

‘It seems like the success or failure of a program is usually decided around the first team match.’

But since you heard the story it might be a good idea to check it out now.

I quickly flipped through episode 1 to check it out.

[I was really surprised…]

[The participant whose rank I will push out is the (bleep) participant.]

[Huh oh oh!]

Well it’s all the same from the obvious editing to the touching and cruel characters of the participants.

It just got a little more cruel.

‘You’re fast.’

But it was fun. And there is some buzz on the Internet as well. There were a lot of harsh reviews but that was a characteristic of Azusa.

It’s inevitable that it will be cliché but I didn’t think this program was going to fail.

No thanks to some reluctant contestants the buzz seems to be better than the last Mirinae season.

“…hmm.”

It’s also bad if it gets too hot than I expected. Let me check some more.

I checked the rankings that appeared at the end of episode 1. Then I entered the name and ran a search.

And I selected a few people who seemed most likely to debut.

‘Gold 2 is coming again.’

A contestant with extremely good prior recognition a good-looking contestant a contestant with main vocal position a contestant with good talent…

And this guy is satisfied with two or three of these things.

[1st place Chaeseodam]

‘This guy has the biggest reaction.’

He is 24 years old. Since he is the same age as Park Moon-dae he would be the older one at idol auditions. However it seems to cover it to some extent because it is young.

Above all he was the center on the first stage. It means platinum level.

-I found a video of Chae Seo-dam ballet and it turned around and I thought she was an angelㅠㅠ (video)

And a ballet major… d.

‘hmm.’

This is a condition that reminds me of Sun Ah-hyun.

At that moment Sun Ah-hyun who was sitting next to me slightly lowered her head to the side. I was watching a blurry ballet performance playing.

“It’s radish. What are you looking at…”

“…”

I heard the sound of someone taking a breath.

what?

I turned my head and checked on Seon Ah-hyeon.

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun was stiff.

While looking at the screen.

“Seon Ah-hyun?”

I can only hear a faint sound like ‘Ugh… ’.

I immediately looked back at the screen.

In the video that was already on autoplay there was a close-up of the center smiling brightly on the first stage of the season.

Sun Ah-hyun saw this and now…

‘for a moment.’

This bastard… Being the same age as Park Moon-dae means being the same age as Sun Ah-hyun.

“…”

‘Fuck no way.’

That’s how I discovered it.

It’s not a matter of whether or not this season will rise or fall but a completely different crisis.
