---
title: "Chapter 273"
category: "book"
index: 272
section: "Chapter 273"
slug: "273"
---

# Chapter 273

Let’s organize it.

Sun Ah-hyun reacted quite negatively after watching the current #1 video of the new season of 〈Idol Inc.〉.

Because I was sweating and stiff.

-Are you okay?

-It’s okay…

This was almost like repeating what I said.

“…”

I later heard excuses such as ‘I’m not feeling well’ but of course I can’t believe it.

‘Is it possible for a normal person to suddenly become unwell after watching a ballet video?’

However the reason was not asked on the spot. Because there was a reason I could already guess.

And I wasn’t the only one who noticed Seon Ah-hyun’s abnormality.

“Park Moon-dae what did you see earlier?”

“what?”

“In the car earlier.”

“…”

After finishing the schedule that day and returning to the dorm Big Sejin immediately asked about the situation.

‘Now that I think about it I was sitting right behind Sun Ah-hyeon.’

Perhaps the conversation was overheard.

I sat down on Bae Se-jin’s bed which the owner rarely uses and said

“This season’s ‘Azusa’ No. 1 video.”

“Ah that participant…”

Keun Se-jin pretended to know if he had already been monitoring this season but then his face hardened.

He probably made the same guess as me.

“…You said you used to do ballet right?”

“okay.”

The backgrounds of this season’s No. 1 and Sun Ah-hyun are quite similar.

And in fact I have already almost confirmed my guess.

– Seodam went to court while doing ballet ㅜㅜ Did he become a ballerina?

-Chaeseodam Sehwa Arts Middle School? You seem to be friendly with ㅅㅇㅎ and there aren’t many people there.

Because there was already a rumor going around on the internet.

The two are from the same middle school.

And looking at Sun Ah-hyun’s reaction… it seems like this bastard contributed a lot to Sun Ah-hyun’s trauma.

“Ah… shit.”

Big Sejin was already doing his own search when his complexion changed.

“No… Isn’t this guy crazy? “What kind of guts did you have to come to the audition?”

“I guess your way of thinking is a bit unique.”

Or… your head works well.

I nodded.

“There’s probably no evidence.”

“There is testimony.”

Big Sejin immediately came up with a logic.

“I’ve even been into synthesis but this guy doesn’t exist? Even for one win.”

“…”

“It’s going to pop up here and there.”

no.

“Then it should have popped up by now.”

I spit out what I had researched.

“This guy’s reaction was from the first performance of the theme song. Currently ranked first in the center position. Moreover it received good coverage on broadcast.”

“…If there was something to explode words would have already come out?”

“okay.”

I threw my smartphone on the bed.

“But there isn’t one. “There aren’t even rumors going around.”

I looked through everything from anonymous sites to private accounts but there wasn’t a single rumor about it.

It was clean.

This means that he did not make any enemies other than Sun Ah-hyun.

“under…”

Big Sejin sighed.

And after being silent for a while he spoke with difficulty.

“…It must be difficult.”

“okay.”

If I was going to do anything I should have done it at least before the first broadcast.

Now this guy already has a pretty big fandom. Also the aggressive fandom that is unique to audition programs.

In this situation what if the school violence against Sun Ah-hyun is exposed and this guy leaves?

The anger of many of these fans is poured out on Sun Ah-hyun.

I think I can already see the word choice.

-말더듬이 찐따새끼 때문에 잘나가는 내 새끼가 X됐네 진짜 딥빡ㅋㅋㅋ 이래서 피해망상 오지는 유리 멘탈은 상대하지 말아야

Something like this.

And there are definitely people who are suspicious or displeased. In the current situation in the eyes of the public Sun Ah-hyun a first-tier idol is strong.

It’s like ‘voicing my anger about my unfortunate school days’.

-Honestly if Chae Seo-dam had really been abused would she have appeared in the same audition as Sun Ah-hyun?

-All the other kids are just Chae Seo-dam and Mi-dam but he suddenly claims school violence; Am I the only one who finds it harsh?

-They’re doing that because they know that Chae Seo-dam’s life will be ruined because they all have a lot of fans. There’s no evidence… um.

And in fact in these interpersonal controversies it is very difficult to determine right from wrong and public opinion can be swayed by a single circumstance.

I ended up coming to an unpleasant conclusion.

“If it explodes now Sun Ah-hyun will definitely suffer loss.”

“…”

Big Sejin opened his mouth to say something but just closed it. And smiled bitterly.

“But don’t you think Ahyun will suffer a lot if we just leave it like that?”

“…”

“That’s what you’re worried about Park Moon-dae.”

That is correct.

If things continue like this I think someone will ask Sun Ah-hyun at least once during the schedule.

‘Are you two friends?’

‘…not good.’

It’s really bad. It’s not a matter of whether that bastard does well or not but whether Sun Ah-hyun can endure it without blinking an eye.

Will I be able to say hello say hello and laugh haha on music shows entertainment shows and year-end programs?

It was almost like a red flag for activity.

I pressed my temples.

“It’s difficult.”

It was then.

Sweet.

“…What are you doing?”

“ah.”

Bae Se-jin carefully came in with his luggage but hesitated when he saw the atmosphere in the room.

“no. “I have something to discuss for a moment.”

“Yeah yeah. It’s no big deal bro~”

“…If that’s the case.”

Bae Se-jin had suspicious eyes but without another word she just changed the book and the blanket and left the room.

“hmm.”

It can’t be helped that she noticed it herself but talking to others before speaking herself will only further destroy Sun Ah-hyun’s mentality.

Big Sejin shook his hands and stood up.

“Let’s think about this some more.”

“okay.”

We implicitly agreed.

However it was not that secret and there was nothing to worry about. It wasn’t long before everyone noticed.

“Guys in relation to this &lt;Azusa&gt;… has Ahhyun ever said anything to you?”

“yes?”

“I felt really nervous while watching TV.”

This is because T1 advertised the new season of &lt;Azusa&gt; on all the broadcasts they invest in.

The two youngest starting with Ryu Cheong-woo were sitting next to the depressed Seon Ah-hyun with their pupils shaking and were scared.

“Hyung your expression is so bad! “I feel sick!”

“It’s clear that the pain you felt when you participated in the audition program was revived while watching this exciting season… Right! Should I report this season to the Korea Communications Commission?”

“That’s not it so calm down.”

“Yes you idiot! “It’s not a broadcast it’s a person!”

“person?”

“Yes!”

Lastly Bae Se-jin.

“That’s ‘Azusa’ you guys were talking about last time right? That person! “I heard you did ballet but I guess Sun Ah-hyun…”

“yes. “Maybe so.”

“…That’s right.”

In this way the six people excluding Sun Ah-hyun came to the same conclusion and began to think about how to resolve this situation.

And on the day when Sun Ah-hyun went out for a personal photo shoot we gathered in the living room and started a discussion.

“First of all report it anonymously… No that won’t work. “Because I’m not living with the other person right now.”

Liu Chengwu who spoke nodded. The rest of the guys followed suit and nodded with serious faces.

However other opinions did not come easily. It was worth it.

‘There is no one with similar experience.’

Since most of them have no connection to school violence there is no answer.

Even Bae Se-jin who was less sociable seemed to have lived a life of being an outcast in class.

“Uhm then shall we spread the rumor first?”

“On the contrary I think the fans there will rally together. “Isn’t this giving them an excuse so that they can refute it even if a formal accusation comes out later?”

“Wow that’s persuasive.”

Big Sejin spoke as if he was complaining and tilted his head back.

Meanwhile Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with a nervous look on his face.

“…Do you have any SNS records?”

“Are you talking about that person’s personal SNS?”

“okay. “Those guys talk about it on social media because they really want to get attention.”

It was a good approach but… I shook my head.

“I pushed all of my social media accounts.”

“All of that?”

“yes.”

I closed all but one account. And that was half a year ago.

‘I organized everything as soon as the audition notice for the new season of &lt;Azusa&gt; was announced.’

This guy has at least some level of intelligence.

“Well… there’s little we can do in this state. “There’s no clue.”

“Of course.”

When the atmosphere calmed down slightly Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“Listen to Ahyeon’s opinion!”

“…To Ahyeon?”

“yes! Ask if there is anything they want to do. “Your thoughts are the most important!”

“Hmm.”

I avoided it because I thought it would be burdensome but in fact that was the accepted opinion.

It would be unusual not to say anything when all the other members have already noticed.

‘And if you want to do something it’s right to do it right away.’

As time passes this guy becomes more famous.

In the meantime the new season of “Azusa” is growing rapidly thanks to controversy and topicality.

As expected the talent pool was not as good as in previous seasons but the narrative was well woven by distinguishing between cards to be discarded and cards to save.

‘Ryu Se-rin.’

The author certainly seems to have talent. After going through 〈K-NOW〉 my senses got better.

The popularity of the program was better than that of the previous season ‘Miri Nae’.

‘I need to do something.’

It also had to be done quickly. Things can get out of control once the next ranking announcement ceremony gets underway.

‘…In the end the only way is to ask yourself directly.’

I nodded.

“Let me ask you a little question. “Because I’m a roommate.”

“Um okay.”

“And since Ahyeon might be scared if I only have the door I’ll be there too~”

“…”

what?

But surprisingly Big Sejin’s words were passed without any opposition. I wonder what my image is like among these guys.

Anyway I did that night. After returning from filming Sun Ah-hyun started taking action as soon as she went to bed.

“Huh? Sejin?”

“Yes~ Ahyeon come and sit down!”

Sun Ah-hyun had a puzzled look on her face but without any doubt she came over and sat on her bed.

“Did you take a good picture?”

“Ugh. “I think it was okay…!”

And after an introduction to lighten the mood the main topic finally began.

“Ahyeon. Do you know the current 1st place 〈Azusa〉 by any chance?”

“…Do you see it?”

“little.”

In fact it was said openly but it was said in a moderately toned down way.

Sun Ah-hyeon who was stiff seemed to not know what to do but slowly nodded.

“Uhm it was the same middle school.”

I threw a fastball.

“He likes it when you get hurt.”

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun swallowed and admitted.

“That’s right.”

also.

“But… I don’t know.”

what?

“Uh maybe… maybe it’s because I’m weak-hearted. Wow in life there are people who dislike me. But I can’t stand that kind of thing well…”

“wait for a sec.”

I cut him off.

“If you don’t like it just don’t interact with it. Isn’t it strange that a person bullies you?”

“Maybe they were harassing me… I don’t know. “It’s not like hitting or anything like that…”

“What was it like?”

“They treat me with a smile… but it doesn’t seem sincere and strange things happen often…”

“…Can I give you an example?”

“I was in trouble because my shoes were gone… A few days later I returned them to say thank you for lending them to me… But I didn’t remember lending them to you but you said it with a smile.”

“okay.”

“I laughed when I failed a technique but when I heard it it seemed like I was just laughing while talking and maybe I was being sensitive…”

oh.

There are all kinds of babies in the real world.

‘They only took photos of Sun Ah-hyun and tormented them.’

Is there a need to hate others so subtly?

It would have been easier to catch him if he had hit him like a normal idiot and given him a scolding.

Big Sejin who had been quietly listening with a mysterious expression on his face asked quietly.

“Ahyun~ By any chance you were the chief and he was the second chief?”

“Huh? “Not necessarily but… how many times?”

“Uhm. “Has he ever been a senior?”

“Oh maybe?”

Big Sejin grinned.

“Okay~ It’s true that I bullied you. Ah Hyeon-ah. If you’re worried about something like that that guy was wrong! “It’s because I’m jealous of you!”

“Ugh Mumundae also said that.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded quite calmly.

“And my counselor said that even if it wasn’t bullying it wasn’t strange that I was hurt…”

You are truly a person who realizes the value of the consultation fee.

“I’m feeling much better now! just. “I think I was a little surprised because I didn’t expect to see it like this…!”

“I see! “Of course it can.”

As Sun Ah-hyun spoke she made more and more promises to herself and her complexion became relaxed as if she was recovering.

However the remaining two were not in a very good mood.

“Oh then I’ll go to bed~ Don’t worry about Ahyeon because of such a mean bastard!”

“Ugh!”

“I need some water.”

I followed him out of the room.

widely.

When Big Se-jin came out to the living room he said something like throwing it away.

“There will be no evidence for this.”

“…”

“It’s a little embarrassing… Do you think I would have done that if I hated someone so much? You must have been nice to other kids. “Unconditionally.”

“Go in first and sleep. “I’ll think about it.”

“…okay. You too go to sleep quickly.”

I slapped Big Sejin on the shoulder and sat down in the living room.

“hmm.”

Calm down your emotions and think again.

Chaeseodam.

He’s a very cunning guy. A kid who is good at interpersonal relationships and knows how to control his peers.

At the same time what can be seen from the fact that the photo was taken targeting Sun Ah-hyun…

‘Very competitive greedy for success… and a strong sense of inferiority.’

If that’s the case then it’s clear that you have an oversized ego and strong pride.

If you are that kind of person if you are in this situation.

‘SNS is all over Aejinjak and there is no testimony from alumni.’

There may be a sense of pride in the fact that one has eliminated all obstacles that could hinder one’s future.

There is something worth aiming for here.

‘If you’re overconfident mistakes usually happen.’

“…”

It’s 11 o’clock at night now. It’s usually late but idols who are active are usually awake.

I made a phone call.

The beep was short and came on immediately.

“hello.”

-yes? Oh Mr. Moon Dae?

This is Mirinae’s manager’s direct number.

And the person I’m trying to call… is from the top spot in Mirinae.

What was your name?

“If it’s okay could you please change the table next to you Mr. Jeong Yul-gi?”

-yes??

I managed to convince the astonished manager that ‘this is by no means a useless friendly call and that it is for business purposes’ and then I was able to talk to him on the phone.

-Hello senior!

“hello.”

-nice to meet you! But what’s going on?

“Do you remember the conversation we had about ‘Azusa’ a few days ago?”

-Ah~ Yes! sure!

I tightened my grip on the phone and asked in a lower voice.

“You said you saw some bad contestants back then… Were there any contestants who are popular now?”

-Wow yes!

good. It starts here.
