---
title: "Chapter 274"
category: "book"
index: 273
section: "Chapter 274"
slug: "274"
---

# Chapter 274

If a person with a strong sense of inferiority and competitiveness participates in a survival audition even if he reacts perfectly in the beginning his true feelings will gradually leak out.

‘Because it’s a program that deliberately encourages that kind of mentality.’

In particular by the time the first team match takes place you will have already seen the public’s first reaction to the participants.

Although we don’t know the exact ranking everyone knows it based on the number of views and mentions.

‘You know you’re at the top. And also contestants who may pose a threat to their positions.’

Basically the more possibilities you see the more obsessed you become.

There was a high probability that Chae Seo-dam was included in the ‘bad contestants’ that Mirina mentioned.

I opened my mouth again.

“If you ask me what kind of participant it was…”

-Oh but I might be biased! It’s a bit hard to say specifically who was at fault!

“Of course.”

I answered monotonously.

“I don’t mean to use it to slander anyone. I just have some concerns. “If you debut there you will belong to the same company as us.”

-Ugh that’s a bit like that!

“yes.”

I ask after a pause here.

“So… can I ask you about the most memorable misbehavior you’ve seen?”

A harsh voice was heard on the other end of the receiver.

-Oh what is that! It’ll be okay right?

Done.

“sure.”

-That’s right! What bothered me the most was that I deliberately pretended not to hear what was being said!

“Ah you mean you ignored it?”

This is a bit one-dimensional.

-No no! So… how should I explain this?

How would you know even if you asked me?

It was then.

-Huh?

-Sister!

The voice on the other end of the phone became noisy with exclamations that sounded like running screams.

“…?”

And there was no sound for a moment as if the phone had been blocked and then the voice changed.

-Hello senior! This is Park Min-ha from Mirinae!

It was 2nd place.

“Yes… Hello Minha.”

-yes!!

I’m gasping because I changed it in a hurry. Did you misunderstand this as a romantic trend?

“I’m calling you because I have questions about the new season of ‘Idol Inc.’”

-Ah if you have any questions please let me know and I will explain! Because I went too!

It’s urgent.

“I see. “I thought only Jeong Yul-gi appeared because the painter who filmed the movie hasn’t come out yet.”

-Ah aha!

It’s a lie. I just thought it would be easier to hear the answer from Jeong Yul-gi who was in first place.

-Yep… What story are you curious about senior?

I abbreviated the conversation I had with No. 1 earlier and delivered it. Then Park Min-ha took a breath.

-Oh… that’s it.

“I guess Minha saw it too.”

-Umm yes.

The junior spoke hesitantly with an expression of unwillingness.

-What my sister said was… a story about a false accusation.

oh.

“Falsely accused.”

-yes. It was a way to make it seem like only the victim was the victim.

The second place became more and more calm as the explanation was given.

-So… I was told the new practice time when there were no cameras or microphones but in front of the camera I said empty-handedly like ‘I’ve never heard of anything like that.’

“…!”

-My sister and I heard it while we were moving to get something. You probably didn’t know we were there.

It must have been an independent scene in which the participants created their own edit points.

“If it was done that way I think there would have been a lot of backlash on the part of the victim. “It’s a lie.”

-yes. So just… ‘Okay you said it but I may not remember it. ‘I’m sorry I couldn’t hear you’ he said in a low tone.

“…”

-So it becomes ambiguous to say that we saw it…

You’re smart.

It was an act of making fools of the other party making the argument. This is an action that takes the editing angle into full consideration.

then…

“The party that got hit wasn’t ranked high. “I guess he wasn’t the type to have many friends.”

So that they can be immediately banned from the board at the next ranking announcement ceremony. It is to prevent trouble.

-… yes. hmm.

“What is the position of the person who was injured?”

-Dance.

I deliberately asked the next question without stopping.

“And the person who did that must have been Debut Kwon.”

-…! That’s right.

“Oh if it’s sensitive you don’t have to answer.”

Perhaps because he was caught off guard his reaction was not refined. I’m sorry but that response alone was nothing short of positive. It will definitely appear on broadcast anyway.

‘A clear right to debut in a dance position.’

There were only two or three people including Chae Seo-dam. And considering that it is quite similar to the case I heard from Sun Ah-hyun…

‘Actually it’s safe to say it’s Chaeseodam.’

As expected he was a guy with quite the brain.

A position within the team that could compete with you for a part. An easy participant was used as a sacrifice due to his low ranking and limited interpersonal skills.

And considering the production team’s editing style… I think it will be dealt with as a harsh blow to the victim just as he planned.

‘If you do this it will be difficult to snipe after being eliminated.’

Didn’t he already defend himself by pretending to lose on the spot saying ‘Maybe I don’t remember?’

When the image is fixed it only looks like a loss to the eliminated candidate who came in first place.

‘…That’s too bad.’

There is no way to save the victim.

I clicked my tongue but it wasn’t actually a bad situation for me.

Isn’t it true that he is demonstrating his personality here as well? It seems like it would be easy to catch the tail.

In fact didn’t you catch Mirinae once?

‘It would be difficult for us to do it ourselves… ’

I can’t help it but I guess I should use this call now.

“…Do you have any more schedules related to ‘Azusa’ this season?”

-yes? yes. Since we’re giving away a song I think we’ll probably go one more time! Well… the 2nd team has been confirmed and it’s about mid-term evaluation.

“Then can you take a look at the trainees’ mood at that time?”

Gulp.

There was a sound of swallowing on the other end of the phone.

-Can I ask the reason for this!?

“After hearing what you just explained… I felt really bad. “If he does something even worse I think I’ll keep my distance from him even if we debut under the same agency in the future.”

-ah. Well I understand!

Second place seemed relieved.

And after adding the words ‘I’ll try but please don’t expect too much from me’ several times he hung up the phone with a polite greeting.

Seeing that he is slowly adding self-ingratiating words to the thought of ‘I will work hard’ it seems like his rookie days are coming to an end here as well.

-Good night senior!

“Yes Minha too. “It was very rude at such a late hour.”

I hung up the phone.

“hmm.”

The situation was fine.

It seems like this guy’s head is spinning but I can see that he’s going to do something less prudent.

‘If it were me I would have bought it unconditionally.’

I understand that they were obsessed with ‘continuing the upward trend’ rather than ‘solidifying it’ since they didn’t know that they were number one.

And now that we’ve won first place… I guess I’m starting to let down my guard.

“…”

I might be able to catch something interesting so I guess I’ll have to make another string.

Right now it’s time to take a break from filming before the first ranking announcement ceremony.

After thinking for a moment I sent a text message.

[I watched the broadcast. I hope you have good results. I will support you]

The opponent is Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung.

* * *

When I checked the next morning Gold 2 responded right away.

[Brotherㅠㅠ Thank you so much for your support. I couldn’t contact you because I was afraid it might be a burden!]

[I will work hard and I will definitely see you on stage! (heart-blowing emoticon)]

Thanks to the occasional exchange of greetings I think it didn’t feel like ‘I suddenly contacted you because it seemed like it was going to happen’.

And considering that that damn program was coming out again he looked quite hopeful and courageous. This guy deserved it.

‘I got platinum this time.’

Gold 2 escaped Gold.

Moreover it is receiving good editing ratings and is on a roll.

Normally the second participation in survival is often either a big hit or a small hit but I hit the jackpot.

-Heeseung does not have a separate icon for X or coup d’état

-As expected he’s a gangster but he’s still young. It’s amazing haha.

So the first rank I received was 3rd.

Even if there is an existing fan base the possibility of a debut is significant given that it is a good performance and did not cool down even after the broadcast began.

‘And if I had to pick the position of Gold 2 it’s closer to dancing.’

What that means is… there is a high probability that ‘Chaeseodam’ was filmed.

It is something that must be kept in check if circumstances arise.

“What text message is it from Mundaemundae?”

“Goal… I’m giving it to Kwon Hee-seung.”

“hmm.”

“I heard something interesting last night.”

I told him about my phone call with Mirinae. And added some reasoning.

“Ah I understand. okay.”

Big Sejin smiled and nodded. And then turned on his smartphone.

[Keun Se-jin\: I hope everyone is alive and well (eye-rolling emoticon)]

[Keun Se-jin\: You heard about Azusa’s first team match. Doesn’t that make you think of our team? Haha inside me it’s completely… a legendary stage!]

He briefly activated the group chat room of ‘Aktober 31’ which was the team during the first team match of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

And after several days of effort we elicited active responses and participation from Gold 2.

[Keun Se-jin\: Heeseung how are you doing? Are you showing off your legendary stage once again? (Splendid emoticon)]

[Kwon Hee-seung\: Haha you don’t know! (ashamed emoticon)]

Bae Se-jin was embarrassed by the sudden ringing of the group message.

“He does this… why?”

“Spying on this season of &lt;Azusa&gt;.”

“Spying?… ah! That guy. okay.”

Bae Se-jin quickly became cooperative.

And it seems like he also tried to write something.

[Keun Se-jin\: Tonight I plan to eat an apple and watch the live broadcast of “Azusa.” Don’t you think the apples will taste spicy haha?]

[Kwon Hee-seung\: Haha I give you 100% credit.]

[Sejin Bae\: That’s why it’s better to eat apples in the morning rather than in the evening]

The message suddenly stopped and a reply came 2 minutes later.

[Golden Age Ha Iljun\: Haha Sejin is still the same!]

“…”

thud.

Bae Se-jin hit his head and was thrown onto the sofa.

Well since everyone is saying that it’s okay if you don’t feel too embarrassed.

In any case since it played a part in lowering the tension and making people comfortable it was as if they had done their job properly.

And after a few weeks the time came.

[Chae Seo-dam participant who said he was not notified of the changed practice time]

[Frozen team atmosphere]

[Chae Seo-dam\:… No I’m sorry. I probably didn’t hear it. sorry.]

[Lee Ho-yoon\: No that’s not it (edit) So I said it clearly!]

[Chae Seo-dam\: Yes you said it but I think I remembered it wrong…]

‘That scene’ was finally broadcast.

“Wow that’s amazing.”

“I know.”

The members are watching the episode in the living room while Sun Ah-hyun is playing punch needles in her room.

I have already discussed all the relevant circumstances.

[Q\: What is unfair?]

[Chae Seo-dam\: It can’t be helped. I can’t ruin the team atmosphere… so it’s okay.]

It’s typical of Azusa’s editing right down to Chae Seo-dam’s interview at an exquisite location.

“The probability that you really couldn’t remember due to a fatal memory problem is…”

“no. “That’s just a mean guy.”

Bae Se-jin hardened his expression and glared at the screen. I guess I got a feeling.

Anyway the broadcast continued as is.

[The winning team is… ‘Changer!’]

[Wow!!]

[You will receive a survival lottery ticket! And… as a prize you can appear on Tnet’s global music broadcast &lt;Music Bomb&gt;!]

And it ended with Chae Seo-dam’s team winning.

“Now the right to survive is given out by random drawing.”

“Sure.”

These are the people who make people bleed. Of course there is something I need to do right away while I am thinking about these sentiments.

‘Because it’s confirmed that the guy Mirinae heard about is Chae Seo-dam.’

As the program ended I followed the guys who naturally dispersed and went into the room with Keun Se-jin.

It was time to implement what had been discussed.

“I do it?”

“okay.”

That guy is probably better at this than me. Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders and then made a call.

To Gold 2.

“What about recording?”

“You thought you couldn’t do it? “He uses an apple phone.”

good.

Soon enough the phone was connected cleanly.

“Oh Heeseung. “I’m calling you just in case… Actually I heard something.”

-yes?

Big Sejin carefully processed and explained what he heard from Mirinae. Of course the source was appropriately changed to another staff member.

Of course the tone is not slanderous but rather concerns about Gold 2.

“…Because. But when I watched the live broadcast today that scene really came out and I couldn’t believe it.”

-…

Gold 2 was silent for a moment. But soon a long long sigh was heard on the other end of the phone.

-Ah… Ah it was a bit strange somehow.

yes.

“Is there anything that bothered you?”

-yes! In our group chat… Ah anyway! After the rankings came out their attitude towards me became a bit strange.

“Surely they keep you in check?”

– That’s right! Now I understand… But I never thought that personality would be like this! Ah why does this situation keep happening to me? You did that last time too!

Gold 2 whined.

Come to think of it Gold 2 was exceptionally checked and ignored by Choi Won-gil last season. So this seems to be more relevant.

Big Sejin spoke softly.

“Once that person debuts he’ll be in the same group as you. So I thought it would be a good idea to tell them to be careful just in case so I called!”

-Ugh… your brother! Thank you so much… Ugh my life. Ugh.

Gold 2 grumbled sighed deeply and hung up.

Tuk.

Big Sejin lowered his smartphone and laughed.

“The ground rice is okay.”

“good.”

At this level Gold 2 will join as a helper in case of emergency.

I shrugged my shoulders gave the guy who asked for a high five a pat and left.

Sweet.

And then it was time to go into my room.

Seon Ah-hyeon who was sitting at her desk and organizing the finished rug asked quietly.

“Hey… did you see Azusa?”

“…!”

Did you hear a sound?

I nodded. Sun Ah-hyun spoke calmly.

“It’s okay. “Next time I want to sit down and watch it together.”

“…okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face was a little pale but she smiled and got up after tidying up.

“I can’t continue like this… I want to get better.”

“okay.”

I tapped the guy on the back.

‘I guess I could start by showing a short video.’

However the opportunity for this ‘challenge’ came sooner than expected.

A few days later.

“Hello senior!”

Testa ran into this season’s contestants of Idol Inc. who were accompanied by a lot of cameras in the hallway of the broadcasting station.

It was a music broadcast appearance a privilege for the winning team.

‘Fuck you.’

Of course there is that guy among them.

“hello.”

Chaeseodam.
