---
title: "Chapter 275"
category: "book"
index: 274
section: "Chapter 275"
slug: "275"
---

# Chapter 275

Why did you have to bump into a contestant from “Azusa” in the hallway of a broadcasting station when you weren’t even appearing on the same program?

It was obvious.

‘It’s intentional.’

The staff led them here to select pictures for broadcast.

〈Idol Inc.〉 was well worth it. You can make up for Testa’s absence from the show with this trick.

And here when he says hello he flatly refuses to take his picture which makes him look funny.

Isn’t it unusual for them to ask us to make a mosaic of us who happened to run into them when they were just filming a video of their appearance on Music Bomb?

Ultimately the problem with this situation is this.

‘camera.’

The camera was laid out all the way.

Sun Ah-hyun ended up meeting Chae Seo-dam on the condition that she be broadcast.

‘Damn it.’

I winked at the other guys. The sociable guys come out and greet you first.

“Oh~ Hello!”

“I support you. go for it!”

This is enough.

There are 7 people but Sun Ah-hyun can just nod her head.

I bowed and greeted the participants conscious of the two or three cameras turning toward us.

I was thinking of ending it at this point.

But I guess they didn’t intend to do that.

“I’m really a fan of senior Testa!”

“What should I do… Wassi.”

“Sir I’m really really sorry but can I get your autograph…?”

Perhaps because of the value of Testa’s name about half of the participants sneakily approached us.

It doesn’t seem like he received any special advice from the production team but was just purely excited to see a popular idol.

And the camera moves forward accordingly.

“…”

It’s going to be long. It’s not good.

I checked Sun Ah-hyun’s face.

Fortunately no disturbance was revealed. His smile wasn’t as big as usual but he looked a little stiff but not to the point where it was noticeable.

This is probably because no special unexpected situation occurred.

Chae Seo-dam on the other side didn’t bother to say anything and was quietly moving behind buried in the flow.

‘…My head works as expected.’

He seems to know that there is no benefit to showing off his friendship by pretending to know Sun Ah-hyun and it only increases the risk.

‘Even while appearing on &lt;Azusa&gt; I didn’t say a word about Sun Ah-hyun.’

I guess he thought that at this level he would not provoke Sun Ah-hyun and that he would keep his mouth shut since it would be a loss for him anyway.

However that is his sole judgment.

The production team will be different.

“So aren’t you two from the same school?”

I thought that as long as things were like this the broadcasters wouldn’t miss this prey.

The friendship between famous idols is always a story that draws a lot of attention.

“ah.”

Chae Seo-dam like the smart guy he is struck first and gave a calm and appropriate answer.

“yes. Sometimes I just say hello… It’s been a while senior!”

The second is a bit shy as if speaking to a ‘someone I know well’.

‘This guy is quite abominable.’

I guess you guessed that if Sun Ah-hyun hardened her face here it would go into the frame of ‘I changed as a person because I became famous’?

So it ended up like this anyway and I think I’m going to leave a video to prove that I’m smiling and saying hello to Sun Ah-hyun and that I’m ‘somewhat acquainted.’

Unfortunately this industry doesn’t work that fairly.

I looked at him closely.

‘If anything goes wrong you can make a deal with the production team and have the data deleted.’

This is because Testa is not a contestant on Azusa but an idol who has already signed a contract with the company. Also under T1.

If it doesn’t work out it’s possible to get away with it by saying something outright so that this picture can’t be used on broadcasts at all.

-hey. I wish you could give me back what I stole. Because it’s not just one or two.

Something like this. It’s just something I thought would spread some rumors.

It’s better than this bastard taking advantage and Sun Ah-hyun having a mental breakdown and getting sick.

‘Shall I throw it?’

It was a moment of contemplation.

“…yes. hello.”

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun responded calmly.

A feeling of victory quickly flashed across Chae Seo-dam’s face.

And the production team quickly stepped in and secured the new broadcast.

“Can I ask you to say something encouraging?”

“Ah… that.”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be taking a slightly deep breath. Chae Seo-dam smiled and waited for the situation to unfold.

“That…”

“for a moment.”

I heard a small whisper from Ryu Cheong-woo who was catching Bae Se-jin from behind.

And Sun Ah-hyun slowly looked at Chae Seo-dam and spoke without any interruption.

“No matter what you do I hope you do it with more confidence in yourself.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled faintly.

“Now that I’ve come this far I think that’s the most important thing. Instead of worrying about others focus on yourself… and trust.”

“…”

A look of agitation flashed across Chae Seo-dam’s face.

Sun Ah-hyun took a step forward. And then I made eye contact with Chae Seo-dam.

“We… weren’t that close. “I hope you can go through the remaining time with a good heart.”

“…”

“I will pray so.”

It was a compliment.

However depending on how you interpret it it could be as meaningful as it sounds.

And it must have sounded different to the person involved.

Well it feels like this.

-When you’re blaming others because of your inferiority complex take care of yourself and live a good life.

‘It’s hardened.’

I saw confusion and tension flash in his eyes. It was quite pleasant.

Seon Ah-hyun looked around and exclaimed as if she were a little embarrassed.

“And those other people too. go for it…!”

“yes! go for it!”

Seeing the other participants copying what she said Sun Ah-hyun raised her hand and made a fighting gesture.

He looked comfortable.

Chae Seo-dam barely seemed to laugh along but he didn’t look very comfortable.

Still I inevitably reach out.

“…Thank you for the kind words.”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun received a handshake. And waved it like nothing happened.

“Oh should we leave a message too? “It was fate that we met like this~”

“We are so thankful!”

As soon as there was a gap Keun Se-jin quickly stepped in and turned the tide.

And a brief cheering photo shoot was conducted with the enthusiastic support of the participants and production crew.

Seon Ah-hyun took advantage of that opportunity and fell back.

“are you okay?”

“…huh.”

Sun Ah-hyun answered quietly and calmly. It was a voice that sounded somewhat reassuring.

“The manager said we really need to move now.”

“Yes thank you.”

“Hey what? Well then we’ll see you on stage next time~”

The other members resumed their movement only after taking short words of support for each participant.

And the moment we each parted ways in the hallway I saw Chae Seo-dam turn her head.

“…!”

Maybe he was trying to glare at me but he flinched when our eyes met.

‘I guess it was a big shock.’

Since he is ranked first in the current season he must have been confident that this was a weight class worth competing for.

When I originally participated the programs were all the same.

‘Did he have a feeling of superiority because his performance in the program was better than that of Sun Ah-hyun?’

So I thought that Sun Ah-hyun would be pushed out again and there would be an argument but it would be crazy to think that she was actually threatened.

I smiled at the guy.

And he said it with his mouth.

‘Lucky bastard.’

“…!”

There is no need to make enemies but seeing what he does makes me more emotional than I thought so I don’t think it will last long.

It’s nice to not have any pressure.

I massaged the back of my neck and turned my head. I wondered how long that bastard could hold out in front of the camera.

Testa soon walked down the hallway and arrived at the waiting room.

“I will quickly check on lunch and then come back.”

“I understand manager~”

Sweet.

After the door was closed and only the members remained.

“after…!”

Sun Ah-hyeon seemed to have relaxed sighing and collapsing on the sofa.

Then a cool response poured in.

“Hey Ahyeon~”

“WOW!!”

“You did well to stay calm.”

Sun Ah-hyun looked embarrassed but she had a good look on her face as if she was proud on the inside.

Even Bae Se-jin spoke with an excited face.

“…I said something nice to that guy.”

“yes? “I didn’t mean to say that but… is that what it sounded like?”

Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head as her face looked like it was about to explode. Bae Se-jin was a little embarrassed.

“Oh really?”

“yes…! It was just an honest thought… but I… didn’t even know I would say that myself…”

Sun Ah-hyun sighed softly with a relaxed face.

“…It’s fascinating. “I thought it would be scary.”

I asked.

“How was it?”

“It was… better than I thought. huh.”

Sun Ah-hyun held her hands together and muttered softly.

“When I met him in person I realized that it was really nothing.”

“…”

Contrary to my concerns this meeting seemed to be a kind of awakening for Sun Ah-hyun.

I felt directly that it was no longer difficult.

“I was… fine.”

Sun Ah-hyun finished speaking as if she was sure.

“…okay.”

“Then that’s enough~!”

Big Sejin tapped the guy on the shoulder. Other members also surround Sun Ah-hyun with happy faces.

At that time Liu Chengwu spoke with a smile.

“Now that you think about it didn’t Ahyeon just speak comfortably and barely stutter?”

“…!”

“I know!”

Did it help that the trauma went away?

Sun Ah-hyun became a hot girl.

“Really? “I think it was like that… ah.”

As soon as I think about it I stumble back probably because I was conscious of it.

Then the members who were looking at each other began to shout hastily.

“What do you think Ah-hyun? You can talk comfortably and stutter!”

“It’s just between us let’s just take it easy.”

“That is correct. Cha Yu-jin simply chooses vocabulary roughly and speaks well.”

“I speak perfectly well!”

“Okay okay.”

Although the point was strangely blurred in the middle Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head as if the intention had been conveyed well.

“…yes.”

The voice sounded a little muffled. But right after he raised his head and spoke resolutely.

“But… practice more! “I’ll be able to speak better even when it’s convenient!”

“okay. “I will support that.”

The atmosphere in the waiting room has become so warm that it has never been so warm.

‘Good.’

I patted Sun Ah-hyeon on the back. He was definitely an extraordinary guy.

“Thank you thank you…!”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled with a more relaxed look on her face.

* * *

What’s interesting is that after that Sun Ah-hyun actually became more comfortable speaking without stuttering at public appearances.

It seems that relieving the pressure and tension helped.

“Teacher Seo said it would improve in steps but it feels like I’ve moved up one level…!”

“Okay congratulations.”

And this week we all watched “Azusa” together including the active Sun Ah-hyun. It was the ranking announcement ceremony.

[1st place is… Chaeseodam!]

“omg.”

It’s surprising. I thought so.

I looked at the screen with a sad face.

If there had been more momentum thanks to the inclusion of ‘Chae Seo-dam suffering because of a teammate’ in the last episode we would have stuck and not fallen.

[Chae Seo-dam\: Really… thank you so much. I will work harder…!]

But the atmosphere in the living room wasn’t that bad.

“Would you like some food?”

“okay.”

“Thank you Ahyeon~”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face was clean as she handed out dried apple chips to the members.

Even if Chae Seo-dam were to win first place and become successful as an idol I probably wouldn’t worry too much.

‘Well it’s a good thing.’

I shrugged.

I feel bad about letting things go like this.

And it was that night that the pre-laid bait brought fish.

-Hello senior!

I mean Mirinae.

I entered the room and quickly got to the point.

“hello. “Did you call me because of something I mentioned last time?”

-yep! Well… I participated in the filming of this team match today and have now returned home!

Since the ranking announcement ceremony is coming out now it seemed like the filming period would be just a few days.

And the fact that you got a call… probably means there’s something on your mind.

That’s something I would call on the same day without hesitation.

“Did you see anything?”

2nd place in Mirinae over the phone… So Park Min-ha took a breath.

-This… Huh. That’s it.

“yes. “Please tell me.”

-That’s the person we talked about last time. I think he naturally tried to get our number.

“…!”

I heard the sound of the jackpot popping.
