---
title: "Chapter 276"
category: "book"
index: 275
section: "Chapter 276"
slug: "276"
---

# Chapter 276

To be honest dating is a bit of a joke here but everyone does it.

However the number of cases is slightly different.

A kid who hasn’t even debuted yet at an audition is trying to collect female idol numbers.

‘It must have been amazing to win first place twice.’

I feel like I’m having trouble coming to my senses due to sexual harassment. Should I check for accuracy first?

“Did you ask for my number out of selfish interest?”

-Well… Well our members said it was okay to ask any further questions they had while giving feedback on stage.

The voice on the other end of the phone was shaky.

-Then he said ‘Can you please check the interpretation of the song one more time?’ and requested to follow the Inheart account.

I chuckled. I get it roughly.

“But we don’t have personal accounts due to company policy.”

-yes. Since we don’t have personal accounts… As the story unfolded like that I guess exchanging numbers became a hot topic.

Your skills are good.

“So we exchange numbers?”

-no! I intervened and gave the manager her number!

There was a hint of pride in Park Min-ha’s voice. I thought for a while about whether to give a compliment but I thought it would be weird so I decided against it.

-But now that I think about it I think he knew that I couldn’t create an Inheart account and deliberately led the conversation in this direction.

“hmm. okay.”

Even here the judgment is sharp.

‘That’s why you reported it to me right away because you felt uncomfortable.’

It’s been a long time since I’ve been on the rise but it’s annoying to be associated with a giggling bastard who hasn’t even debuted.

However this… I don’t think Chae Seo-dam was particularly interested in any member of Mirinae.

‘It wasn’t like I was filming someone it was like picking up a random contact.’

This is not for real love but for show off.

Proof that ‘I am popular enough to be associated with a female idol of this level.’

There was a strange whiff of contempt in this sentence.

About the profession called idol.

‘I guess I was someone who didn’t have much purpose in this job.’

I can’t believe you put this kind of romantic relationship in the option to show off. It was an idea that people who had been trainees for several years would give up even if they came up with it.

But this guy seems to have thought something along the lines of ‘I can do this.’

‘He’s definitely a guy who knows how to make realistic calculations.’

Chae Seo Dam launched SNS more than half a year ago. And if you look at his actions and the way he takes the angles into consideration while editing he is definitely a guy with a lot of brains.

Nevertheless doing something like this is no different from belittling your fans and the idols who may be your competitors.

‘Even if I do this it will work.’

And that trend seems to have intensified with recent events.

‘It seemed like everything was in her hands when she won first place but then Sun Ah-hyun beat her. But if we win first place again… ’

It seems that nervousness and pride have made a wonderful collaboration.

‘hmm.’

I thought of a few pictures then shrugged and opened my mouth.

“Just leave it alone.”

-yes?

I laughed.

“You can just leave it alone. “I don’t think you need to worry.”

Looking at the internet I see that other guys are also gaining ground but I’m really looking forward to seeing what kind of check a guy who got distracted by winning first place twice will have.

I decided to follow Sun Ah-hyeon’s example and move on without touching this bastard directly.

‘Let’s see how I fall asleep on my own.’

And a few days later. A post was posted on an internet bulletin board.

[Chaeseodam Love Heart Private Account (713)]

The article was a carefully organized article captured from a private account similar to the account name of Chae Seo-dam who disappeared in late fall of last year.

————————=

(capture)

Chae Seo-dam’s previous Inheart account. I think it was mainly for organizing recent events.

Account name is ‘ChatiD1130’

And look at this

(capture)

‘ChatiU0417’

This account was created a while ago

It is a similar pattern that the number at the end is the opening date.

And all the followers of this account are just one lol.

This is a model account

(capture)

Anyone can see that it is a love heart.

————————=

The article said that the suspicious private account that was only linked to the account of a popular model belonged to Chae Seo-dam.

“Did you find it or make it?”

According to the explanation this model’s account recently secretly hinted that she was in a relationship with a contestant from Azusa so they traced it back.

-I got delusional again.

-Isn’t it just your own work?

– Hahahahahahahaha Chaeseodam guys are denying reality my brother said he was dating~

-There’s so much fuss about what kind of evidence this is… Anyway we need to be aware of Azusa’s overindulgence.

The Internet had become noisy but not many people believed it.

Most of the fans were cracked down on it and these speculations without evidence quickly lost credibility and disappeared.

Just when the harsh controversy was about to die down an additional article was posted as if it were salty.

[Act from earlier Chae Seo Dam (1415)]

A person who hacked a private account has emerged.

And there was no direct photo of the face in that account. There were quite a few photos of hands or shadows that could be identified as Chaeseodam.

Everyone was standing side by side or holding hands with someone else.

“oh.”

Opening such a private account in the middle of an audition program?

This is the expected direction of action.

“I let my guard down.”

And it was fun to confirm that my guess that it was ‘just for show’ was correct given that the other person was a model.

However the timing is more interesting.

‘Has the work begun?’

Looking at the speed at which it explodes it seems like they came from somewhere dug up everything in advance and then organized the frames one by one to explode.

‘Hmm… I guess it’s Gold 2.’

He was highlighted for his leadership in the previous team match so even though he is already at the top he is on his way up.

1st place is just around the corner.

This means that it was obvious what Gold 2’s fans would do if they showed signs of destroying the existing number one.

‘No matter who did it or whether it was a coincidence… the timing is perfect.’

-omg

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ The truth is so scandalous that you even sold your private account because you couldn’t lose a relationship.

-Just live in a relationship as a godbanin and don’t become an idol.

-Dating is not a sin but swearing like this is really scary. It’s not like Chae Seo-dam deceived you.

└Yes it was a deception that I hid my love after appearing at an idol audition~

In the comments everyone was going wild as if the dating rumors were confirmed due to the provocative element of hacking and the photos.

Saying ‘let’s wait and see’ didn’t work as always. The same goes for things like ‘What kind of deception is love?’

And the fans are caught in the act and seem embarrassed. Even if you didn’t look at it it would have been a mess internally.

‘I feel discouraged.’

I spent money and time to accumulate stocks and real-time dating rumors broke out.

If it were an incident of ‘careless words and actions’ we could rally together but this would cool down the atmosphere.

-and

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

Finally I can already see the fans disappearing leaving only this behind.

‘With just this level first place is overshadowed.’

There are always people who have cooled off because ‘they don’t seem that desperate when it comes to dating.’

It means that the momentum has been lost.

I quickly lowered the smartphone screen.

It’s easy to guess Chae Seo-dam’s current feelings.

‘It must feel like I was struck by lightning.’

Best is deleting the account right now and announcing that the hacking was a manipulation…

Will the man with the wind in his head be able to reach that cold conclusion as quickly as before?

‘It’s going to be hard.’

As expected Chae Seo Dam released a ‘groundless’ statement about a day later.

However no specific mention was made about the photo.

‘I guess I wasn’t able to persuade the other person properly.’

They had enough shots to turn things around if they explained that it was a misunderstanding and manipulation but they seemed to be so nervous that they missed the timing.

“Oh my that’s not a good friend~”

Big Sejin passed by looking at my smartphone screen with a hearty smile. It means that it was rolled up and eaten.

It will be difficult to rebound. I shrugged.

What I can believe is that they will make up for it by receiving cuts that will shake people’s hearts in the second half of the broadcast…

‘Seeing how my head is spinning I might try to come to my senses right now.’

But it didn’t end here.

A few days later an article broke out.

[(Exclusive) “We were sacrificial lambs” The screams of those eliminated in a cruel audition program]

The interviews conducted anonymously by the eliminated contestants of this season of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; came out in the form of accusations.

It was mainly about the cruel treatment by the production crew and the conflicts between the participants including ‘that incident’.

————————=

B\: Something like a high-ranking contestant deliberately framing another contestant and knocking them down… (It also happened.)

B\: Since our positions overlap he takes advantage of the fact that he has a lot of say and tells lies to make people look bad. (crying)

————————=

Originally this post would have been suppressed as a ‘rumour’ due to the onslaught of fans but it spread like a fire in a world that had already been devastated by romance rumors.

-Isn’t this a complete Toe Seo-dam (capture)

– LOL From the moment a woman is revealed to the dislike she recognizes she is amazing. Mangjusa ranks #1!

As soon as this speculation circulated on anonymous sites and went out into the open Chaeseodam suffered a huge blow.

Still there were quite a few people who rationally thought that Chae Seo-dam whose account was stolen was the victim.

However this was a clear assassination of the perpetrator and other fandoms that were keeping Chae Seo-dam in check never missed this opportunity.

-Honestly it’s true that I have doubts because the circumstances are so perfect.

-I think we need to think about it calmly. I feel like the eliminated people will be so unfair so I just don’t shield them.

-Oh it was kind of cheap… ㅅㅂㅠㅠㅠ

“hmm.”

After all he dug his own grave.

Chae Seo-dam’s side soon put an end to the situation by issuing a statement saying ‘this is the first time ever’ and ‘sue’ but now the debut is… hmm no matter how hard you try won’t it be difficult?

Now that controversy has erupted in both areas of passion and character the damage will be irreversible.

‘It’s over.’

I shrugged my shoulders and tried to turn off the smartphone screen but paused for a moment.

‘But wait a minute… ’

“Oh my it didn’t work out this time it didn’t work out~”

I looked at my smartphone again and caught a large force trying to pass by.

“hey.”

“huh?”

“Isn’t this exactly as we expected?”

“…”

Big Sejin looked at him and changed his expression as if he realized what he meant.

“no way.”

Big Sejin sent a personal message to Gold 2.

[Heeseung by any chance?]

The groundbait laid down was checked.

It didn’t take long for a reply to arrive.

[Kkkkkkkkkkkkk? I just gave you courage]

“…”

I feel like I can’t debut with this crazy guy. As I warned it seems like I felt a real sense of humanity while filming this.

“That’s awesome.”

Me and Big Se-jin laughed. It seems that Gold 2 was secretly encouraged as soon as an opportunity arose such as when a person who was eliminated came to consult.

“Wow… How did he happen to have everything exploded just as he laid it out?”

“I guess it’s because I’m excited nervous and conceited.”

“Well that’s an accurate decision~”

I gladly gave a high five to Keun Se-jin.

“Oh Ahyeon is here too!”

“Hey guys?”

And as Big Se-jin opened the door and walked out he also touched the palm of his hand with Seon-ah-hyeon who looked confused.

“Ahyeon-ah big news~ Is that bad guy finished with first place?”

“Hmm?”

Sun Ah-hyeon checked the text on the screen I showed her and nodded with a puzzled look on her face.

“I see. Still I thought he was a cautious person…”

“Because it is the place that makes the person.”

“that’s right. And looking at it it doesn’t seem like you really had any intention of becoming an idol?”

“Is that so…?”

Seon Ah-hyun seemed a little nervous at Keun Se-jin’s carefree addition but then swallowed and spoke as if she had made up her mind.

“You know…”

“ok?”

“Actually I… did that too. “Rather than wanting to become an idol I came out because I wanted to continue dancing.”

“…?”

Suddenly the conversation broke out due to a close situation.

I answered first.

“Azusa?”

“Ugh.”

“You were doing dance before.”

Sun Ah-hyeon bowed her head.

“I can’t be there anymore…”

“…”

“I was afraid that if I continued dancing I would keep meeting people I was scared of… I couldn’t bear it… so I quit.”

Maybe the market is narrower than you think but people of similar age will probably continue to clash with each other as they build their careers.

“Nevertheless I wanted to dance so much… I thought I would try this one last time and came out.”

I suddenly remembered that Sun Ah-hyun’s answer was particularly ambiguous when she was talking about the reason for participating in &lt;Azusa&gt; at the beginning of her debut.

…Maybe he was unable to speak properly because he judged his motives to be impure?

“Everyone came out seriously but I felt like I wasn’t… But right now… I really wanted to tell you that it’s really precious and enjoyable.”

“…”

I looked at Sun Ah-hyun for a moment and then shook my head.

“no.”

“…!”

“I just got cast and came out to have fun. “I don’t think you really need to think that way.”

This is a field that would have been unrelated if it weren’t for the fact that it was lagging in the first place. I massaged the back of my neck.

“You were serious enough. “You worked hard.”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head closed her mouth and nodded. Big Sejin grinned.

“That’s right someone who works hard like Ahyeon is in a different profession. So everyone who came to be an idol should quit?”

“…what?”

“Ahyeon is talking~”

Bae Se-jin who was shocked to hear that this was the case called from the other side of the living room. Keun Se-jin naturally got over the situation.

And then he hit Sun Ah-hyun on the back.

“I’m just happy that we’ve become a better group thanks to Ahyeon’s courage in participating. “Do you think so too?”

“okay.”

“…Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded repeatedly.

He sniffed a few times but he didn’t cry.

“You had a hard time.”

The story is that like that he was completely relieved of a burden on his heart that he didn’t need to have.

Even though we had plans the next day we drank beer and talked about the days of “Azusa” until night.

And after that I decided to stop paying attention to what happened to Chae Seo Dam.

Anyway I recovered all the ground food and saw all the balls.

‘It won’t matter anymore.’

Sun Ah-hyun will no longer be affected by that guy.

* * *

It is early May when the weather becomes quite warm after the incident has passed.

“Phew.”

I am jogging along the walking path in my apartment complex at dawn to avoid people and sunlight.

There was a bit of fog but there was no problem moving around. No it’s actually good because it blocks other people’s view.

‘I heard a dog barking in the distance so it seemed like there was someone else walking.’

Originally I mainly did indoor exercise using equipment but I thought I would change the pattern at least once.

‘I need to bulk up when I have some free time.’

Because when the next album is released…

-Wow!

“…?”

Suddenly the sound of a dog barking that had been heard in the distance got closer and a dog wearing a harness at my feet jumped out through the fog.

“…!”

for a moment.

I know this dog’s face.

“Kong wait a minute.”

He was raised by Cheongryeo.
