---
title: "Chapter 277"
category: "book"
index: 276
section: "Chapter 277"
slug: "277"
---

# Chapter 277

I’m currently running along the apartment trail at 4 a.m. with my dog by my side.

“Heh heh!”

I don’t know how I ended up jogging with someone else’s dog. Even though I met him after almost half a year I was not at all happy with his dog.

I held back a sigh and looked to the side.

“Kong is running well. kind.”

The guy who is praising the obvious is… a blue bird sticking out of the fog.

‘Damn it.’

I recalled how things got this way.

The person who appeared was wearing light sportswear and was controlling the dog.

-I guess I got a little excited because I always went for a walk in places where there were no people and then I heard people pretending to be there. I’m sorry if I surprised you.

And he was overly calm. So I asked.

-I think he thought it was me.

The answer to this doubt is as follows.

-If it’s a pink-haired man walking nearby at this early morning… doesn’t the pool of candidates have been narrowed down considerably?

-…

-You could see colors even in the fog.

It’s an explanation with no room for refutation. I groaned when I saw my head with only a hat on.

Of course it was 4 in the morning so I thought no one would be there.

There was a lot of talk about why I was taking a walk here out of the blue.

-I have something to do during the tour break so I’m staying in the dorm for a while. And there are no more people in this neighborhood at dawn.

It was true.

-I think your junior is here now for the same reason.

-…

okay.

To sum it up it’s a coincidence because both he and I have similar occupations and situations.

‘after.’

I acknowledged the situation and tried to quickly leave.

-okay. then…

-The route is the same anyway so why not walk a bit? I thought Kongi would bark if my junior ran by.

-…

-It’s a nuisance this early in the morning. Isn’t it?

I saw the yellow lump staring at me struggling with its front paws in its arms and reluctantly turned around…

“Wow!”

I don’t know how… a dog like that came out from under a bastard like that.

‘CCTV was installed so I won’t do anything in vain.’

I held back a sigh and started running down the trail at my usual tempo.

The dog and the dog owner who were running at similar speeds next to me didn’t say much while jogging.

The problem came after that.

“Any drinks?”

“That’s it.”

Near the end of the trail I drank water from the canteen I had prepared. Cheongryeo fed his dog a snack.

“From next time I’ll just wear a beanie. “Because it hides more of the hair color.”

I just don’t plan on coming here again during this time.

“…”

Instead of answering like that I just nodded. Cheongryeo patted the dog eating the snack and shrugged.

And what I could see under the hood of the guy lowering his head was… a head that wasn’t black.

‘for a moment.’

I opened my mouth without thinking.

“dyeing?”

“Oh that’s right.”

Cheongnyeo touched and removed her head under the hood with her hand.

Dark green hair disappeared beneath the cloth.

No is it gray? It’s hard to see because of the fog… but the important thing is not the color.

“You haven’t dyed your hair even once since your debut.”

At least while I was working as a data pal I never saw VTIC Cheongryeo dye its hair.

I don’t know what it is but there seems to be a cataclysm in the concept so I’ll have to get a hint as to what VTIC is planning to do in their next repackage comeback.

I looked at the biggest obstacle to this year’s grand prize.

‘Let’s admit it.’

These guys still have ridiculous staying power.

This is because VTIC’s comeback career last February was still strong.

‘I thought it was time to pass the congestion section and fall.’

In a section where it could no longer show an upward trend VTIC was dragging out its heyday for an infinitely longer time.

-VTIC initial closing\: 1.92 million~~~~

└Aren’t you crazy?

└ㅅㅂ Are you sure you can maintain your form until you leave the military? Hahaha. This annual leave is so delicious.

-V-Tik’s world tour resale is also sold out. Yes it’s not a big deal.

-I wonder if he will really play in the first team until he retires.

The form of the group that has renewed their contract is unbelievable.

It is said that in this February’s comeback the 50’s Broadway feel was interpreted in a very sophisticated and dark way and fan satisfaction was very good.

I also checked. And I almost spilled my drink.

‘The quality continues to exceed expectations.’

This couldn’t be helped.

I hope this year’s comeback ends with this but I don’t have any expectations because it seems like it will take a year or two before anyone enlists.

‘I dyed my hair so it’s confirmed.’

I’m preparing something. And that too with unconventional changes and effort.

“I thought he dyed his hair because he wanted to show me some unexpected results.”

I closed the canteen and crossed my arms waiting for his answer.

He… laughed heartily.

“Well I think it would be less surprising than pink.”

Fuck you.

“The fans like it.”

“is it so? congratulation.”

Without saying a word he quietly changes the topic. I nodded inwardly.

‘I’m conscious of not speaking.’

Likewise it is to keep Testa in check.

I sometimes thought of the texts and calls I received from the VTIC guys.

I thought I was being monitored for some reason.

[Everyone I watched the entertainment show ‘Dancing Over Flowers’. We are also going there this time.]

Was this a text message I received at the end of Testa’s January activity period?

[Wow combining two songs is so amazing isn’t it?? Mr. Ravin… Do you have any plans to give the song to another group?? (Exploding bread emoticon)]

[^^b]

This is the message that came during the concert.

[The documentary is so touchingㅠㅠㅠ]

Well this is… Cha Yu-jin’s incident happened and she was in trouble.

In any case it was also a point that they were conscious enough to constantly check this year’s testa content.

They may think it is for support but subconsciously there is a desire to check the growth of latecomers and understand the situation.

‘…This year is going to be really intense.’

I nodded inwardly.

However the next topic that Cheongryeo brought up was unexpected.

“Okay this time I never dyed my hair.”

The guy tilted his head to the side.

“But… I didn’t know that you would know that.”

“…”

“Did you do a lot of research? By any chance when you were in your original form you were our fan instead of Soft Sweet? Ah there are some people who like to group together under one agency. Men… seem to have been rare.”

Just one guess gives me goosebumps.

‘Damn it.’

I suppressed a sigh and put the canteen in my backpack. And I finished the calculation briefly.

‘good.’

Since the situation arises I will say it.

“I was never a fan of anyone.”

“then?”

I spoke intentionally.

As if you were distracted by a dog running towards you and gave a vague answer…

like this.

“Actually I didn’t sell idols but I sold idol data to homemakers when I was in college. So as I often looked at kids who were making money I automatically came to know them.”

“ah.”

Information about ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ is leaked.

The fact that I was a data arm when I was in college.

It is an action with a clear purpose.

‘Trace it.’

This is the information about ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.

“That’s it.”

This guy definitely said it with his own mouth.

I remembered the guy who told me about Younglin’s surprise music release plan at the end of last year.

-You don’t know. There is no source of information. Right? My junior that… I think it will be the biggest problem going forward.

This means that I have sufficient sources of information.

In fact he has proven himself by finding out about Younglin’s music which only his closest associates knew about.

‘It certainly wouldn’t have been limited to the entertainment industry.’

In order to control all external factors you need to know other circumstances related to people in the entertainment industry.

Then out of the cards I can use… this one is the best one to be able to track Ryu Geon-woo’s whereabouts without being caught needlessly saying ‘Park Moon-dae is illegally inspecting civilians’.

‘As you said I don’t have any informants so I’ll have to use whoever I have.’

It was confirmed by video from Ryu Cheng-wu’s house that Ryu Geon-woo definitely existed here so conversely we might be able to use this guy to check whether he is currently alive or not.

‘It doesn’t matter if you look for it.’

Anyway all this kid knows is nonsense based on the premise that his body has changed.

And realistically ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ could not be my weakness.

‘You have to have something to have a weakness.’

From the time I graduated from college I had nothing other than enough money to last three years.

But this guy doesn’t know that.

Then in order to keep Testa who is the most difficult enemy in maintaining his current form in check he will definitely dig behind ‘Park Moon-dae’s original body’ to control any emergency.

Until now all he had was his name and three letters so it must have been impossible.

‘Because the only clues are name and age range.’

So let’s see… I hope I get a reaction from this guy when I add ‘data pal’ to ‘Ryu Geon-woo’s features.

‘Because it is a characteristic that allows for various inferences.’

If it’s as I expected this guy will do the math too.

I finished my sentence casually.

“Still it’s soft and sweet… I’m not a fan but I guess I’ll just call it a liking.”

“…”

I patted the dog and laughed. Cheongnyeo who was holding the leash connected to the dog looked this way with a mysterious look on her face.

“It was true that I worked in the industry more professionally than I thought.”

You’re talking about professionalism to a guy who sells idol data.

“I was just making pocket money.”

“Haha looking at what you’re doing junior I don’t think it was that bad. Well I guess that experience gave me a better understanding of expensive lumber. “It’s fun.”

He muttered to himself and placed his chin on the hand that was not holding the leash.

Because of the fog I couldn’t see his expression clearly… but I think it’s true that he was lost in thought.

‘okay.’

Get caught.

Soon a soft voice was heard.

“But if it’s a man in his 20s with a camera… it’s quite unique. Please explain at least once. You said you also filmed VTIC right? “I think I’ll remember then.”

Done.

‘They’re trying to dig up information in reverse.’

I thought to myself as I touched the dog behind its ears.

‘Here… we must not intentionally give the impression of being deceived by information.’

Because of this guy’s personality he’ll either demand a deal to the limit or try to stab him in the back. Or you can do both.

I shook my head because answering positively would have seemed suspicious.

“I just wore glasses and a hat. “It must be common.”

“hmm.”

This will probably feel like a reasonable amount of self-interest.

But there is enough substantive information.

-A man in his early 20s with glasses hat and camera.

Certainly if you watch the event videos stored by the agency according to the year you will be able to see the faces of the ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ candidates even if they are in low quality.

Because they usually hold a camera that stands out in front of the audience.

‘If you want to sell data to the level of making money you will naturally think that the university is located in Seoul.’

This is because the main broadcasting stations and performance facilities are mainly located in Seoul.

‘Then if you search by matching the year and the age group name and face of the university in Seoul… ’

“hmm.”

If you’re a very skilled person I think you can quickly tell me what ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ is up to.

‘That’s it.’

I shrugged and got up.

There is no need to say things like ‘I think I said something unnecessary’ here. That’s even more awkward.

It would be most natural to leave the room appropriately.

“king!”

The dog at my feet made a strange sound as if it was disappointed and stamped its feet back and forth.

“Stop going in.”

“Well yeah. Goodbye.”

Cheongryeo picked up his dog and spoke casually.

“I’m planning to go for a walk around here for about 15 days so sometimes I say hello to Kong when I see him.”

“…report.”

“haha.”

I held back a sigh left him behind and made my way out of the fog on the trail.

“…after.”

I think I handled it well but for some reason I felt tired every time I met that bastard.

* * *

A few minutes later. I didn’t feel uneasy until I entered the dormitory building.

‘Is there some kind of debuff in the fog?’

What are you talking about? Just look at the results.

In order for Cheongryeo to make a deal with me the moment they find ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ they have no choice but to give me at least information about ‘Ryu Geon-woo’s current status.’

‘good.’

That’s neat.

I shrugged and got into the elevator. The head starts rolling again with speed.

‘Is it because I went to bed early yesterday?’

This afternoon I had an active schedule for the first time in a long time so I slept a bit longer.

What is that schedule…

“Now let’s start assigning rooms~”

“Wow!”

The roommate assignment content to fill the ambiguous gap has returned.
