---
title: "Chapter 278"
category: "book"
index: 277
section: "Chapter 278"
slug: "278"
---

# Chapter 278

Testa’s roommate assignment.

‘Is this the fourth time?’

When it reaches this point fans also recognize it as content with its own history and tradition.

‘Until now it was mainly done through board games.’

So this time I thought it would be a bit boring to proceed with room assignment in a similar type of game so I changed the field a bit.

“Hello~ Testa teachers.”

“hello!”

It’s about recruiting experts.

Now seven of us are sitting in a circle in the office of a research institute run by communication experts.

Why… It’s a contrived daily drama table structure with only the front empty. Because there are cameras and production crew in front.

Still it all looks natural perhaps because I’ve done this composition so many times.

I checked the guys who were looking at the expert with anticipation.

The expert was smiling gently.

“I understand that you requested a roommate assignment today. Is what I told you correct?”

“yes!”

Bae Se-jin’s face is full of energy as she answers loudly.

It seems to be the most energetic voice in the past month and it seems that he is probably filled with hope for solitary confinement.

‘I heard living in the living room is worth it.’

Anyway being in the living room because you feel uncomfortable entering the room is different from staying there because you like the living room.

It seemed like Keun Se-jin glanced at Bae Se-jin with wide eyes but as he was filming the sign disappeared in an instant.

The director who walked out from behind the expert looked around at the smiling guys and spoke again.

“Our Communication Relationship Research Center conducts algorithmic analysis based on the personalities tendencies and lifestyle habits of group members…”

If we leave out this PPL introduction part and move on to the conclusion this is it.

“We will match you with the most suitable roommate through behavioral analysis and interviews.”

“Wow!”

Also known as ‘Roommate is Science.’

‘That sounds plausible.’

To be honest it seemed like the packaging of a venture company that followed the existing business but it was cool to hear anyway.

‘The fans will have fun.’

It would be better to highlight the character if the analysis presented here is placed together with the existing testa’s life and habits.

It is the same principle as MBTI.

A feeling of homogeneity that comes from the same characteristics.

Image reinforcement from other characteristics.

Keun Se-jin makes a fuss once more perhaps trying to save the mood.

“Wow I’m so excited?”

“…”

I understand so don’t hit me on the shoulder.

“Then let’s start with group activities!”

“Oh!”

Soon the director disappeared and only the expert remained and a group interview was conducted.

‘The personal interview was held before the opening ceremony.’

This is the main… um. First of all look at the first problem that pops up.

[Here is a farmer who raises ducks and cows. But one winter this farmer decided to raise only one type of livestock.]

[What kind of livestock is this?]

“Please feel free to answer.”

“…?”

This is an IQ test and it looks like a quiz floating around on the internet.

No matter how good you look at it it’s not a question of creativity for corporate interviews.

‘Expertise… where has it gone?’

The personal interview was still professional… but it seemed like it was done for the sake of a broadcast picture.

‘Well it doesn’t matter.’’

Because content is important here.

I watched other people talking and tried to figure out when to participate.

“I think it’s a duck? Aren’t ducks easier to care for? Since it’s winter you can bring it indoors if you can.”

“I see. But wouldn’t it be difficult to raise them if the number of people increases?”

“I know! There are more foods made by cows! It’s a cow. Go Cow!”

Everyone is very active.

I raised my hand and looked at the expert.

“Is there a right answer to this question?”

“no. “Teachers are free to use their imagination and thinking skills.”

“Oh~”

As if the expert’s words were a catalyst the members spoke one more word.

“Ugh because it’s winter… Ah! “Maybe you’re trying to make something like a duck down blanket…?”

“yes! Ah you are smart Ahyeon~”

“Ahyun you have a good idea?”

…No if you look closely you can see that half of the people are really excited and half of them are trying to save the content.

It seems like they are the ones who found a loophole in this format.

The composition is vain.

Is it attractive as content to just brainstorm among ourselves instead of giving model answers?

“I am a chicken.”

“ok??”

“There’s no saying you have to choose between ducks and cows so I chose the livestock that was most economical.”

“omg.”

“Hey look at the head of the door.”

Even though I answered appropriately I didn’t think the flow was very interesting.

The expert closed the question like this.

“I listened carefully to what you said. Thank you for your good comments and answers.”

“Hehe.”

“Oh my we are thankful~”

There is no organization.

Since this part is only going to ask fragmentary questions instead of expertise it would have been easier to see if they had been divided into types according to approach.

Well aren’t there a lot of type tests going on these days? They compare it to everything from drama characters to trees.

[You are the ‘strong pine tree’ type!]

Something like this.

‘At least there’s no time limit.’

I’m bored because there’s no stimulation that’s easy to feel.

I glanced at the production crew. I can see some of the people who worked together when I was making hotteok in a foreign country.

‘I guess I’m slowly falling into mannerism.’

This seems like a casting mistake you guys.

“Let me ask you the next question.”

The good news is that after several rounds of similar questions and answers a review was released during the mid-term briefing.

“Now I took a little look at the teachers’ attitude toward answering.”

The expert held up a piece of paper and began to speak eloquently.

“First of all our teacher Seon Ah-hyun! “Because he is careful and thoughtful when making decisions his response time tends to take a little longer than that of other group members.”

“yes…”

“I think it’s not a weakness but because you are very considerate of the people around you while still finding your own perspective. “Won’t you become a wise leader in the future?”

“That yes…! thank you…”

“Oh~”

Sun Ah-hyeon’s face brightens and she lowers her head. The guys around me slapped their palms.

“And Teacher Bae Se-jin.”

“…! yes!!”

Bae Se-jin who was smiling slightly when he saw Sun Ah-hyun was startled.

“I can see that the teacher’s intentions are clear and his will to do his best even in a slightly unfamiliar or uncomfortable environment.”

“that…”

This time Bae Se-jin’s face turns red.

“In particular he was very active in the ‘who has the key’ issue…”

In this way seven very positive behavioral reviews came full circle.

Past the youngest two and the older generation next to me…

“Our teacher Ryu Cheong-woo is the type of person who steps back and backs up other people’s opinions. I think it’s probably because his position is a leader.”

“hmm. “That could be possible.”

Liu Chengwu smiled and responded appropriately. I’m not a guy who’s particularly interested in things like this so I figured he would.

And the last one was me.

The expert made eye contact with me and spoke.

“Teacher Park Moon-dae is a person with a very broad perspective. “Some people have a habit of saying ‘look at the big picture’ right?”

“ha ha ha! that’s right! That’s it~”

“Brother Moon Dae is truly that kind of person!”

A few people responded enthusiastically as if they had been lured by a swindler.

One guy in particular seems to have really come to trust this expert.

‘Kim Rae-bin… if he wants to do business I have to stop him.’

That’s how I feel. Anyway the expert ended his speech on a good note.

“The fact that you often come up with surprising ideas makes you seem like an essential idea bank for the group.”

“thank you.”

He puts words together quite well. And it was okay to speak gently without touching one’s emotions unnecessarily.

He probably wasn’t just looking at this but was basing his words on the data he had already received.

‘It’s still bland.’

There is no point in speaking because you only hear the story being told without technical terms or analytical explanations.

‘It was half-joking earlier but it might have been more fun to break it down into a real internet type test.’

Isn’t that a clear sense of sickness?

I looked at the expert with a somewhat vain feeling.

“Then on to the next question… I’ll take a break for a moment.”

“Yes~”

The expert receiving a signal from the production team cut appropriately.

People relax all at once.

Same goes for me.

“after.”

‘It’s a shame.’

be weak.

I shrugged my shoulders while anticipating the ups and downs of this content.

‘What happened?’

Filming has already begun so there is no point in worrying about it now. Let’s work hard on filming first.

“It was an amazing experience. I feel like I will learn more about myself!”

“I need to explain this! ‘With a strong will’? “What do you mean?”

…There are some really excited guys out there so fans will find it heartwarming.

If the fan service content is that good it’s already a hit.

“wait a minute…”

At that time the production crew took advantage of the break and quietly got up and moved on leaving behind only the cameraman and a small number of people.

“ok?”

“They say you’re going to see the director.”

I see. Ryu Cheong-woo who was sitting close to the production team neatly summarized the situation.

‘I think the production crew felt it wasn’t very good while filming.’

And the expert standing in front of us also smiled and got up and headed down the hallway.

“Teachers please go to the bathroom for a moment.”

“yes yes!”

The population density suddenly drops.

“Yes then…”

It was that moment.

“Ugh!”

The expert who opened the back door and went out into the hallway… grabbed the back of his neck and hesitantly took a step back.

And then I collapsed.

thud.

…squeak.

The expert’s white coat was pushed through the door and was half-stuck.

“…??”

“Mr. Seo??”

“what.”

Cardiac arrest?

I tried to move after the guys who were running away.

however…

Suddenly an iron door slams down right above the back door.

Tootong!

“omg?”

Suddenly the road became blocked.

‘What the fuck?’

It wasn’t just there.

An iron gate also came down from above the large door on the side where the production crew exited.

bang!

Kwakwakwak!

“what.”

fire? terrorism?

I tried to check the window right away… but the iron plate had already come down there too.

And the light changes.

Weeing-! Weeeeeee~!

Red and green lights in every corner of the space flash like crazy and sirens sound.

“Guys this way!”

At the sound of Ryu Cheong-woo’s voice the members instantly fall away from the wall and unite.

‘Emergency?’

You need to secure a smartphone right away…

“hey! excuse me!”

I turned my gaze when I heard Bae Se-jin’s voice.

A huge screen where questions were displayed just a moment ago.

That… has changed.

“crazy.”

[! AREA CLEAR!]

[Blockade completed]

Behind the red letters what looks like CCTV footage appears on a split screen of Usususu.

Video of people falling and doors closing.

And… people who had fallen staggered to their feet.

[Zombie virus leaked in lab]

[Until facility blows up 02\:00\:00]

“…”

what?

For a moment silence fell between the guys who were speechless.

I didn’t last long.

[01\:59\:57]

…starting the countdown.

“…”

The guys whose pupils suddenly trembled exchanged embarrassed glances. It seems to be shouting like this.

‘What is this!’

And a few seconds later.

We found a few guys deliberately hiding in a corner.

…The production team is holding back laughter.

“hey.”

“no way.”

“Camera director come out. “What is this?”

However the two or three members of the production team stubbornly sit in the corner refusing to make a statement.

But there is still a smile on his face.

And it was only after seeing that that people came to realize what was going on.

“Aaaah!”

“also! “I was fooled!”

This is all staged.

“Ughhhhh.”

Meanwhile the production crew grits their teeth with the determination not to let their laughter enter the microphone.

Bae Se-jin points vigorously at the screen.

“Zombies!!”

‘i get it.’

I held my head and smiled bitterly.

Here… I guess they can figure out your tendencies based on your ability to deal with unexpected situations.

‘I wondered why the research institute was so grand.’

And by mixing in absurd and unrealistic elements like ‘zombies’ they cleverly avoided situations that touched risk factors such as PTSD.

At the same time it was made for fun.

‘It’s so refreshing.’

The boring group interview just before was a build-up to blow this up.

‘I really couldn’t imagine it.’

I will take back what I said was obvious.

Very… I understand why the production team casted him.

I feel like blood is rushing to my head.

“Wait wait!! “There’s a door behind here!”

“what??”

“Is it a door?”

Just then Cha Yu-jin must have discovered something and hurriedly shouts pointing behind the production crew.

“Wait a minute~ Oh honestly if you have a conscience please move out of the way sister!”

Keun Se-jin skillfully guides the writer to get out of the way and places his hand in one corner.

“Ugh~”

The guy’s right hand revealed a square iron plate. Then a large vent appears beneath the red glowing back.

“Wow typical.”

“Would it be a good idea to move here?”

“I guess so.”

Those who were already immersed quickly began exchanging opinions.

‘hmm.’

The content seemed like it would be fun to choose. But looking at the current situation it seems like the time limit was barely given. Because it is the ability to respond to ‘disaster situations’.

[1\:56\:23]

Four minutes have already passed.

But in the picture how frustrating it would be if Testa couldn’t escape from here.

‘It’s best to not watch and leave in a clean state.’

As I think about this I suddenly remember what the expert said just now.

-People often say they ‘look at the big picture’ right?

‘Yes that’s right. ‘I’m a bit obsessed with the big picture.’

I chuckled and shook my hands.

“Let’s go.”

Let’s make it good.

I think this roommate content will be something worth celebrating.
