---
title: "Chapter 279"
category: "book"
index: 278
section: "Chapter 279"
slug: "279"
---

# Chapter 279

Five minutes have passed since I went to the psychological test and escaped from the zombies.

“Watch your head.”

“after.”

We’re crawling through the vent shaft.

This route seems to be correct as there are pre-installed cameras here and there.

‘The movement line is okay.’

The remaining production crew deliberately covered the vents giving the effect of making them look difficult to find.

But in reality it is a natural flow to seek out the production team in an unexpected situation so it is a good connection to the story.

‘The atmosphere is nice too.’

It’s a cliche but the inside of the vent is dark and the atmosphere is eerie so it’s good to concentrate.

Off…

Grumble! Squeak!

I can hear this sound beyond the wall.

“omg.”

“Wow sound.”

“This is definitely a zombie!”

‘There’s no one who can’t immerse themselves.’

After checking on the nervous guys I nodded inwardly and kept crawling.

And after some time.

After turning the corner two paths appeared. Liu Chengwu who was walking in front stopped.

“Should we be torn apart…”

“fizzle.”

Then it sticks to the corner of one passage and makes the others stick behind.

“Huh.”

The other guys pressed up against the wall at the unusual gesture.

That moment.

“Keeeeeeek!”

“Ugh.”

Kim Rae-bin hurriedly covered Keun Se-jin’s mouth.

A zombie was clinging to another vent on the other side screaming.

The suit is quite bloody with blood and wound makeup.

‘You’re acting passionately.’

It seems that the production team invested somewhat and hired more actors. It feels quite real… Wait a minute.

An ominous sound was heard.

Fighting.

“…!”

And the vent fan that the zombie is hanging on… falls off.

Ting ting tidi dedi ding…

Before the part bounced and reached my feet.

“To the right! side! side!”

“Wow!”

Cha Yu-jin jumped out like lightning into a passage in another direction. Then he pulls and pushes the members with his hands and head.

‘Do you herd sheep?’

But the effect was clear. In an instant they ran down the side passage on all fours and reached the vent on the other side.

However at that very moment the zombie behind smashed the obstacle and the vibrations of the zombie trying to jump out rang loudly in the passage.

Quagwagwagwang!!

“Aaaah!”

“I’ll open it right now!”

Next to the screaming Kim Rae-bin Sun Ah-hyun reached out and pulled the side of the vent.

It came off easily. And there is darkness ahead. It is connected to an unlit space.

I opened my mouth right away.

“I can’t hear any zombies from here.”

Liu Chengwu immediately received the message.

“Let’s go in. “Watch out for the person in front!”

“yes!”

One by one people exit the vent.

Relying on the faint light coming from the vent I checked that those who went down first were supporting the others and then came out almost at the same time as Liu Chengwu.

And closed the vent.

bang!

But it gets pushed out. Big Sejin shouted calmly.

“This isn’t fixed! Check to see if there’s anything worth fixing!”

“Wait a minute! “If you push this…”

Bae Se-jin pointed to something dark around where he was standing. Raebin Kim runs and shouts.

“It’s a cabinet!

“Move it!”

And just in case the personnel were immediately dispersed into three people holding the vent and four people moving the cabinet.

But there was no free time.

thud.

…Vibration is transmitted to the hand holding the vent.

“It’s open.”

A zombie smashed the vent and entered the passage. I checked the zombie that had appeared around the corner.

“There now.”

“Hey it’s coming!”

The atmosphere is created to the point of breaking into a cold sweat.

‘You’ll be adjusting your speed right?’

This is something that is done in a research lab that has even put in a PPL so they probably won’t give you even the minimum amount of time to implement the answer.

However the zombie that comes clattering and twisting its whole body at the end of the ventilation shaft is quite… no it’s fucking fast.

‘Damn’

It’s already right around the corner.

Just in case I put my weight on the hands holding the sides of the vent.

I appreciate you acting so passionately while filming but please adjust it a bit…

“Get out of the way!!”

I reflexively turned my body to the side. Steel furniture kicks in to the spot where Ryu Cheong-wu retreated in the same direction.

bang!

It’s a cabinet. A huge piece of furniture blocked and pressed down on more than half of the vent.

And at that moment a zombie stuck himself in the vent.

“Kyaaaak!”

thud!

It took four adult men to move the cabinet which was so full that the zombies were unable to penetrate it.

“Ah!”

However Cha Yu-jin who was in the front almost collided with the zombie in the vent due to the force of the push.

“…!”

“Kyaak!”

Ryu Cheong-woo and I reflexively pulled Cha Yu-jin. The guy jumped up and took a step back.

“are you okay?”

“No problem. Avoid!”

Cha Yu-jin smiled with a normal face. It doesn’t look like there was any special makeup blood on it.

“Thank goodness. “I thought Eugene had to be tied up~”

“haha!”

A few people finally laughed at Big Sejin’s joke. It seems like my overindulgence in a situation that was more bloody than I thought has come to an end.

And of course as soon as I came to my senses a hail of clay rained down on me.

I understand that it was more than just selling hotteok (hotteok) and making him part-time after offering to take him on a trip.

“Wow really… I never thought something like this would happen! “The production crew is really great!”

“I really didn’t expect it…”

“…Somehow they had to fill out some sort of consent form when they came in. “I thought it was because of the prosecutor.”

“fizzle!”

Meanwhile Cha Yu-jin seriously puts a finger to her mouth.

“There’s another zombie outside! “Let’s look here first!”

I’m excited.

It was clear that he was having fun as his eyes sparkled.

“Yes Eugene is right. Let’s first check where we are. “It’s dark so let’s go in groups of two… I’ll go alone.”

“All right. Leader~!”

Realizing that they were filming again they quickly resumed their search.

‘I’m going to edit it anyway so I think it would have been fun to talk about it more.’

I shrugged and started looking around relying on the faint light coming from the vents and past the zombies.

“Brother I am blind at night and my vision is limited but I can always do what you tell me to do so just tell me…”

“okay. “If there’s a problem I’ll tell you so don’t worry.”

“yes!”

‘If you see that there is no zombie actor coming while this is going on the room is sealed… ’

I quickly moved to the wall with Kim Rae-bin who happened to be nearby behind me. And the moment my hand finally touched the wall.

“…!”

I felt a unique texture.

…wood.

I stopped my hand.

‘A dark enclosed unfamiliar wooden space… ’

I’m feeling a little down.

“brother? “Maybe there’s some suspicious liquid on that wall…”

I moved my hand again.

“No it’s clean. “I slowed down because I was being careful.”

“okay! That’s a wise decision. “You never know where zombies might appear!”

okay. This was an overreaction.

‘It’s filming.’

It is already enough entertainment at the point where a zombie virus-like setting is added.

It’s obvious that they’re all dressed up anyway so it doesn’t matter if it’s sealed or not…

“Wait a minute this.”

“yes?”

My hands mechanically tracing the wall found something colder than wood.

“There’s something… like a metal box hanging on the wall but it’s a bit big.”

“…!”

It’s a suspicious box.

“What did you find in Mundae?”

“Hold on a moment.”

“I’ll check this way!”

Raebin Kim was heard shouting as he passed by and checked the other side of the metal box.

“There’s something like a lock on the other side! Shall I open it?”

“uh? for a moment! “Guys wait!”

Not long after Keun Se-jin and Seon Ah-hyun approached holding a flashlight wondering where they had found it.

“Is this okay?”

“That’s great!”

And then relying on the flashlight I unlocked the metal box.

Ji-ing!

The box opens by itself.

And a blue laser shoots out of the box.

“Huh?”

“damage!”

Even Bae Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin who were trying to look out scream saying they found something similar to a window.

“Get down!”

I first grabbed the guy next to me and lowered my head.

But right after.

Sweet.

Your vision becomes clearer.

“…??”

When I raised my head I felt a light stinging my eyes. The light came on in the room.

I really want it.

“It’s okay.”

“Yes yes?”

I suddenly patted the guy next to me on the back and made him get up.

And I checked where the box in front of me was hanging.

It was a huge maroon cabinet. Beyond that I saw a neatly painted wall.

‘Was it furniture?’

What I touched was not a wall but wooden furniture.

…This is not a wooden villa it’s just an office space.

“under.”

I laugh out loud.

And next to me people were laughing in a different way.

“The light was turned on…”

“I thought we were so funny?”

“The dynamic of the old composition is amazing.”

“…what on earth does it work?”

Bae Se-jin touched the box. Big Sejin laughed out loud and rubbed his hands.

“Ah the lights are connected with lasers… Wow!”

“why?”

When I turn my gaze towards Keun Se-jin… there is something that looks like a human corpse lying in the corner.

Holy shit!

“omg!”

“Ugh!”

“Guys it’s a mannequin.”

…I will correct it. It was a mannequin that appeared to be a corpse.

“What is this?”

The mannequin was dressed in a uniform that appeared to be a security personnel and in its hand was holding a strange object that looked like a combination of a gun and a stun gun.

And the gun is pointed at his head.

‘Is this a substitute for a pistol just as a mannequin is a substitute for a corpse?… ’

I immediately twisted it and carefully pulled it out. And I looked.

‘hmm.’

The muzzle is blocked by glass. This is…

“It looks like a laser gun.”

“yes?”

I remembered the metal box with the blue laser sticking out of it earlier.

“The shape of this end is similar to the one I saw in the box earlier and the pattern is also similar.”

“Oh Moon Dae is smart~”

“wait a minute. “I’m sorry…”

“…Ahyeon is brave~”

Meanwhile Sun Ah-hyun turned the mannequin over and found the box and user manual inside the mannequin.

What was in the box was a firearm identical to the one I was holding… and four purple cylinders that looked like they might contain live ammunition.

“Ah there is also an article added here that looks like what this mannequin wrote.”

Big Sejin read the user manual in an instant and came up with a summary.

A zombie virus that was mistakenly brought into this laboratory is leaked and the only thing that works against zombies is this weapon that came with the virus.

And since I am already infected with the virus and cannot escape I use a laser gun… This is how the content was summarized.

“Wow they say you can kill zombies with this?”

“oh.”

Big Sejin pointed to the purple cylinder.

“Hey that’s a rechargeable battery… It can be used three times on a single charge!”

“hmm. okay?”

Liu Chengwu picked up the laser gun and aimed it at the suit zombie hanging from the vent.

To be exact one arm of the zombie visible next to the cabinet.

And one quick step.

Ji-ing!

“Kiyak!”

When the laser was fired one of the zombie’s arms became paralyzed and stopped moving.

“Oh!”

“Hmm good.”

Liu Chengwu shrugged his shoulders and put away his gun.

And he spoke calmly.

“I’m sorry but could you pull the cabinet a little bit? “I’ll shoot you in the head.”

“…yes.”

From now on it looks like the genre will change from zombie escape to zombie shooting.

* * *

The prediction was only half correct.

Jiying- Bang!

I saw a zombie running down the hallway fall down after being hit by a laser gun.

This is Liu Chengwu’s skill. For reference I saw a similar scene about seven more times.

“and.”

“Brother it’s awesome!”

“haha.”

That admiration is also the eighth time. You can bet your hair color on the bundled and edited cut.

However Liu Chengwu looked at the cylinder and shrugged his shoulders.

“Now there are only two steps left… Well I hope we can escape soon.”

“Ugh I guess so.”

That too was saved.

Surprisingly he only used the laser gun for one shot one kill. However in a situation where there were only 10 rounds left in the first place there was no room to spend a lot.

‘Maybe I shouldn’t have shot that vent guy in the beginning.’

Still I couldn’t help but write it already. I pressed my forehead.

In the first place the research institute probably included guns as an element of conflict between group members.

This is because movement mainly consisted of clandestine movement through cooperation.

On the contrary it took more time to kill him by shooting him so there shouldn’t be a big problem with only two shots left.

‘Well done.’

The root was chewy.

From a bathroom with zombies trapped in each cubicle to a private counseling room from a playroom with creepy BGM to a hallway… It was a pretty well-made course but there was a problem.

“phew!”

“Wow 2 hours is a long time??”

When I finished everything time was running out.

According to the map I obtained from the desk earlier the back door was at the end of this hallway and it felt like that would be the end.

‘And I’m sure there’s a trick there too.’

However when I checked Bae Se-jin’s watch there was less than 10 minutes left.

‘You have to escape to survive the last picture.’

It would be a perfect ending if it came out just in the nick of time.

“Let’s go quickly.”

“Let’s go and look ahead carefully. If there are any zombies hit my shoulder.”

“yes!”

We cautiously walked through the gloomy hallway with the flickering lights leading to the back door… but nothing happened.

“Ohh.”

“I guess this is the end.”

“great! “It’s our success!”

‘This is boring.’

I clicked my tongue but did not stop Cha Yu-jin from pulling the back door.

But… the door didn’t open.

Beep.

Instead a red light appeared on the doorbell screen.

[Please provide your pass.]

“omg.”

The final trick was revealed.

“Pass?”

The members looked at the back door with dumbfounded expressions for a moment but then a quick discussion took place.

“What about the production crew?”

“No I have never received or submitted anything like that.”

“and”

“Should I go to the desk?”

With less than 10 minutes remaining a trick that is too vague is presented and the members begin to rack their brains and think.

It’s worth being nervous. I closed my mouth and tilted my head back.

‘…There must be a hint.’

Since this is the final escape there will be a crucial hint from what we experienced on the way here.

That way the composition will be neat and you will feel refreshed when you escape.

‘I definitely need an idea… ’

-The way you often come up with surprising ideas makes you seem like an essential idea bank for the group.

“…!”

for a moment.

I restored my head to its original state.

‘…I get it.’

And then I started to run backwards down the hallway I had been moving forward until now.

“Mumundae?”

“for a moment!”

There is no time to explain.

‘9 minutes.’

It’s tight.

I ran first. And I calculated it in my head.

If you think of it as a straight line the path is shorter than you think.

‘There are no zombies on the route up to that room so if we continue like this… ’

You can escape!

I ran faster down the hallway.

It was then.

– Crunchy.

There was a strange sound coming from across the hallway I was running through.

It’s the sound of something collapsing.

-Fee profit.

And dark smoke begins to rise from the cracks and corners of the wall.

In the hallway where the smoke was shown one after another the flickering lights turn off infrequently. The other side is now dark.

‘In a state of darkness… ’

I ran and reached the end of the hallway.

Smoke billows in.

‘smell of burning… ’

I stand alone in a dark smoky enclosed space.

“…”

I stopped walking.

Cold sweat ran down my neck.
