---
title: "Chapter 280"
category: "book"
index: 279
section: "Chapter 280"
slug: "280"
---

# Chapter 280

Alone in a blocked sight and sense of smell…

Inconceivable thoughts come and go in my head.

‘alone.’

Having to live alone means that you have to take responsibility for everything.

I am responsible for all actions and mistakes required by society including late payment of contract reports.

The risks and pain that arise from my judgment and actions are all mine.

You cannot share it with anyone. Because I have no options.

‘are you okay.’

But you get used to this after a few years.

I’m not the only one who lives like this. It means that even if something terrible or difficult happens you can still survive.

‘It was worth it.’

But situations that you can’t handle… Don’t situations that you can’t handle come along in life?

‘I can’t guarantee that it won’t come forever.’

Just like what happened to my parents… when a sudden disaster situation occurs…

If a fire breaks out.

What if I’m sleeping injured or sick at that time? What if I’m helpless and can’t do anything?

‘There are too many holes.’

If I let my guard down I will die.

Pop.

Cold sweat fell on my feet… no it was strange that a drop of liquid on my shoe could feel so heavy.

‘Is it real?’

The smell is pungent.

But when I tried to check I couldn’t see anything…

“Park Moon-dae!”

Suddenly a voice cut through the silence.

And then something came up on my shoulder… I think it’s a hand.

It’s someone else’s hand not mine.

“are you okay? “Just stop first.”

Was I walking?

“yes.”

The answer came out reflexively.

I took a deep breath and stopped.

And I said something without even asking.

“It looked like there was a fire…”

“I think it had an effect as the escape time limit got closer.”

effect.

‘yes.’

To liven up the atmosphere at the end you can create an effect like a collapsing building. I raised my head.

Light was leaking from the corner of the passage in front of me. It is the blue light of the emergency exit.

“ah.”

I had already walked away from the darkest section.

I just didn’t know.

From my open ears I can finally hear the loud siren sound the distant sound of zombies and the sound of an artificial collapse.

“I must have been surprised if I went alone. “It’s a good thing you followed along.”

And the owner of the hand was Ryu Cheong-wu smiling shyly. The guy holding the laser gun was chasing me in an instant.

I chuckled.

“yes. “I feel reassured.”

Useless thoughts disappear.

‘What kind of foolish behavior is this while filming?’

Nothing to worry about happened.

And even if it happens you can deal with it. Because I’m not the only one here.

“okay.”

Liu Chengyu seemed to check my face then lightly patted my back and nodded.

“If you’re going to move it’s better to have a weapon. “Let’s go together.”

“That’s right. thank you.”

I really don’t have time anymore.

For a moment I thought about the time I wasted being deceived by thoughts and clicked my tongue.

And then started running again. Liu Chengwu followed right away.

“Where are we going?”

“The room with the vent.”

“Ah the room where I found this laser gun. “Would you like to look there again?”

“no.”

I answered quickly.

“With that I’m going back to the first room.”

“…Why are you there?”

“I thought it might have a different meaning since there were no tricks in the starting room.”

All I had to do was find the vent and get out.

Even that was a clumsy structure that the production team covered up. That is not the curriculum that this institute originally operated.

‘There must be a trick in that space for the composition to be correct.’

Ryu Cheong-woo and I passed the actor playing a zombie corpse and went up the stairs through the emergency exit.

Up here is that room. I spoke quickly conscious of the camera.

“When I first saw the word ‘pass’ on the back door the first thing that came to mind was ID.”

“ID?”

“yes. It’s easy to think of something like an ID card as a pass for a lab like this. However none of the people we met were wearing cards around their necks.”

I recalled the group interview.

There were no straps on the neck or chest of the expert conducting the interview.

“Then wouldn’t you have carried it around in your clothes pocket?”

“…!”

And while we were at it we came across one piece of clothing that really impressed us.

I opened the door passed the mannequin and climbed into the vent.

Because the cabinet had been removed in advance all the actor had to do was carefully step over the corpse.

And then I remembered.

This content was the first sign of a change in genre from psychological testing to zombie escape.

– Oh my!

“At that time the person conducting the consultation fell down the hallway and his white coat got caught on the door.”

And of course we couldn’t help but witness it with extremely shocking concentration.

“I guess the reason I showed you that gown hanging there is because the most important answer is there.”

Almost confidently I reached the end of the vent and put my foot down.

‘I can see it.’

Directly across from me there was a gown spread under the first iron door that went down.

I immediately ran over lowered my posture and rummaged through my white gown.

A square piece of plastic touches the fabric of the front pocket.

‘yes.’

I laughed.

“The pass has always been here.”

He then took out an ID card with the person’s face and position stamped on it from his pocket.

On the back you can even see the small letters clearly written on the back saying ‘Can also be used as a pass.’

“As expected Mundae is smart.”

Liu Chengwu was heard admiring.

I turned my head as I put my ID card in my pocket.

“Not really…”

Crash.

“…?”

The muzzle of a laser gun appears before your eyes.

The laser gun that Ryu Chengwu was holding or is still holding.

‘what.’

I only moved my eyes and looked up at Liu Chengwu.

He said to me with a slightly embarrassed expression.

“I need to give you my ID card. “It’s a door.”

“…”

I paused for a moment then gathered my logic and opened my mouth.

“Whether it’s me or my brother opening the door from the back will be the same anyway.”

“No we have different goals.”

Liu Chengwu kindly added an explanation.

“You escape. “I am Jersey.”

“…!!”

“Well… so to speak I am the villain. “That’s how it happened.”

No what bullshit.

‘Who contributed the most to the escape so far?’

The advantage we gained thanks to that marksmanship… Wait.

In an instant Liu Chengwu’s actions pass through my mind.

-I’m sorry but could you pull the cabinet a little bit? I’ll sweep my head.

I wasted two shots of that damn laser gun’s battery on the zombie in the vent.

He personally applied and was shot in the arm without asking for any consent.

And even in sections that didn’t need to be used we always asked whether or not to shoot.

‘So I waste time even in sections that don’t need to be used… ’

From the beginning the escape route from this laboratory was created to allow for stealthy movement without the use of weapons…

In other words the only good thing about this bastard holding a gun is peace of mind and wasted time.

‘and… ’

I’m completely hooked on this.

I clicked my tongue at the production crew and looked at Liu Chengwu.

‘Is it time to hear the story about why it was selected and what the background story is?’

does not exist. Please include that in the interview.

I got straight to the point.

“I guess that only works on zombies.”

Liu Chengwu answered calmly.

“no. “The user manual said it was for both use.”

“ah.”

I don’t care if it’s not real. The possibility alone was enough to give the gun its power.

If you get hit you’re out and there’s no more chance of escape.

If Ryu Cheng-wu disappears with the ID card like this that’s it.

‘It’s tough.’

How many minutes are left now?

Coincidentally there is a time countdown on the large screen here.

[00\:05\:19]

…The ending is the most immersive and has a wonderful flow structure.

‘5 minutes.’

It’s breathtaking.

I sighed and raised my hands.

“…wait a minute. “I’ll take out my card.”

“okay.”

I put my hand into the largest pocket of my coat.

And as soon as he grabbed the object he immediately pulled it out and aimed it at Liu Chengwu.

“That’s good. “It works for people too.”

It’s a laser gun.

The first laser gun I found was the one I took out of the hand of the security officer who ended his life as a zombie.

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth with a mixture of surprise and puzzlement.

“The battery…”

“there is.”

Everyone unconsciously assumed that Ryu Cheong-wu was not here because he was carrying a laser gun with 12 rounds to spare.

no.

I checked.

“There’s only one step left.”

There was just enough left to shoot once.

Although I did community service I thought it would be better if he went to a training camp so I took care of him.

Now that I hold it it doesn’t look that much like the real thing so I don’t think it will mean much.

‘Because there was no need for two guns as we progressed.’

Since Liu Chengwu alone was enough interest has faded.

“Hmm.”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly as if he was in pain. It’s a face that says you’ve been caught up in it.

But soon he nodded as if he realized something.

“Mundae. But even if we just confront each other like this doesn’t that mean we can’t use the ID card anyway? “You can’t take it to the back door.”

“…!”

“Then I don’t think this means much either…”

That is correct.

‘I should have shot it as soon as I took it out.’

I was worried that if that statement was a lie it would lead to a dog fight and make it unbecoming of idol content but I forgot that Ryu Cheong-woo’s personality is not one to lie about such things.

‘Then should you shoot me now?’

I don’t know if I can shoot before that guy… and he only has two shots left.

It was a moment to worry about.

Teodeudong!

“Hyung Moon Dae! Cheongwoo hyung!”

“…!”

The ventilation shaft on the other side hurriedly opened with a loud noise.

And cheerful voices were heard.

“I was right! “It’s here!”

“Oh~ really!”

“Hey we’re here…”

The guys who were trying to wave their hands cheerfully as they climbed out of the vent froze when they saw the situation.

“Uh oh.”

Two members aiming laser guns at each other.

“What is happening!”

I opened my mouth without realizing it.

“Why did you guys come all the way here…”

I thought you were waiting at the door?

“No of course you run alone so you’ll be chased!”

“that’s right!”

“Ugh I’m worried…”

I looked at them as if I had been hit.

‘I ran alone because I didn’t have time… because I couldn’t explain.’

So… then if you just told him to run without explanation would he have followed?

‘okay. And the shooting picture would have been better as well.’

The inner voice answers in its own way. I laughed without realizing it.

‘I guess I still need time to change my habits.’

However there are also those who are serious alone. Kim Rae-bin looked at me and Ryu Cheong-woo alternately her pupils trembling.

“There is internal division in our team which must go to the fateful community until escape…”

“…”

I need to clear up the misunderstanding first.

I opened my mouth right away.

“I just found my pass in this gown and Chungwoo tried to take it away. “He was actually a spy.”

Then I took out my ID card from my pocket and waved it.

“oh my god!”

“Huh! Brother Cheongwoo!”

“also! “He was in the gown… No then we have to subdue him now!”

In an instant the atmosphere changes again.

And since the number of pages has increased it is almost like winning.

‘The remaining 4 minutes are enough to escape.’

But at that moment I felt a little cold.

But do these guys need to blindly believe what I say? What if two people with guns are pointing at each other?

Doesn’t it seem even more strange that I who had not stepped forward for so long picked up a gun?

‘If Ryu Cheong-woo says on the contrary that I tried to stab him in the back and that he was blocking it… ’

“haha.”

…doesn’t seem to be happening. Looking at Ryu Cheong-woo’s expression it says ‘I got caught.’

Actually I would rather lose than use that method.

“Uhm. This won’t work. “I will surrender.”

Liu Chengwu smiled with a slightly surprised expression put down the laser gun and raised his hand.

“Wow!”

The members immediately ran over and retrieved Ryu Chengwu’s laser gun exclaiming and screaming. It seems like the twist at the end was thrilling.

“We are escaping!”

“No we have to run first!”

“Yes!”

Then he started running to the back door jokingly threatening Liu Chengwu.

And the ID card in question…

-Tirik.

“It’s open!”

“Good…!”

It worked successfully. I went outside with the guys who were shoulder to shoulder with me.

The sun was setting.

The wind blew against my face.

“Escape succeeded with 29 seconds left!”

“We’re crazy!”

I obediently joined in on their ceremony. Honestly it was refreshing.

After talking about the behind-the-scenes and what happened for a while.

“Ah thank you all for your hard work!”

“Ugh! really!”

The production crew met again and were smiling.

Moreover the camera is still rolling as if they are trying to capture even us who are upset. They are great guys.

“Who made you betray Cheongwoo? “Aren’t you doing too much to our leader?”

“No Mr. Cheongwoo had fun too??”

“Haha no.”

“Cheongwoo you betrayed me like this!”

A few minutes of playful and funny discussion followed and then we got to the point.

“So who is our roommate??”

“Well of course. “I wonder how it is decided?”

Yes that was the original purpose of this mess. We looked at the crew waiting for an appropriate response.

“that…”

The PD smiled broadly.

“Please check it out while watching episode 1 live~”

“Oh really!!”

In that way Testa played in the hands of the production staff until the very end.

…It was fun so I’ll skip it.

* * *

A few days after Testa finished filming after many twists and turns.

Fans checked the fan service video uploaded on WeTube.

However for a roommate series it was quite extraordinary.

[“It’s a psychological test! “It’s called counseling!” I’m sorry Fake! 〈Testa Roommate〉 Episode 4 becomes a zombie… ☆Season 4 ep.1]

The thumbnail shows Kim Rae-bin and Keun Se-jin screaming.

“…??”

A graduate student who saw the notification and accessed WeTube looked at it in confusion for a moment but then burst into laughter and clicked on the title.

“haha!!”

My heart swelled with anticipation!
