---
title: "Chapter 281"
category: "book"
index: 280
section: "Chapter 281"
slug: "281"
---

# Chapter 281

Testa Roommate content was mainly short videos that ended in one or two episodes.

But they numbered the seasons in such a grandiose way and what about zombies?

Even if you can’t analyze the specific reasons it comes intuitively.

‘This… will be fun!’

Expectations for content that seemed fun were bound to rise just by predicting such simple reactions.

The thumbnail and title that really attracted attention had the magic to make people who thought ‘I’ll watch it this weekend’ and had forgotten about it click on the video.

The same was true for graduate students.

She planned to play the video with a reverential heart after going home washing up and cleaning up but she just played the video on the subway.

‘Thank you Bluetooth earphones!’

The first thing I heard was an elegant string classical music.

Dandandandandarara~

[The story you will see today]

[Researcher\: Through the scientific method! We will find and match you with the most suitable roommate.]

[Testa\: Wow! (Twinkle)]

Then along with the vaguely bright recorder BGM Testa appeared slapping his palms with his eyes shining brightly.

[Testa’s curiosity and joy…]

[Kim Rae-bin (cute youngest member)\: It was an amazing experience. I think I will learn more about myself!]

[Seon Ah-hyeon (sika deer)\: Wouldn’t it be warmer here…?]

However the atmosphere completely changes with the addition of black subtitles and eerie sound effects.

[Sublimates into a zombie!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Argh!]

[Lee Se-jin (deuk-eum)\: Huaaaaak!]

Kim Rae-bin stuck in a vent and screaming Ryu Cheong-woo slipping with a laser gun and Cha Yu-jin clinging to furniture in the dark passed by.

The last are the members running through a smoke-filled hallway with flickering lights.

[Testa\: Ouch!!]

[↑ Fooled by the production team again]

“Ugh.”

The graduate student quickly closed his mouth. It was so funny but I couldn’t make a sound so I felt like my stomach was going to explode.

[♡Always makes shooting rewarding♡]

‘Hold on! ‘Hold on!’

She took a deep breath doing her best not to turn into a subway maniac.

Still I couldn’t take my eyes off the video. Because it was already fun!

Now the video was parodying the opening of a famous sci-fi classic movie with subtitles accompanied by a magnificent OST.

[May XX a research center in Ilsan]

[It is roommate reassignment season and Testa members gather together again (in fact they always gather together) to reminisce about the past three roommate assignments. However there is a conspiracy by the evil production team lurking here…]

Highlights of past roommate videos pass by in the black space background.

Park Moon-dae throws away Cha Yu-jin’s card and chases after Lee Se-jin who was scammed by Bae Se-jin…

And Testa standing in a white indoor space with an excited face appeared on the screen.

[Lee Se-jin\: Everyone~ What content are we going to have today?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Let’s all talk together.]

[Testa\: ‘Roommate is science!’]

As befits idol content the first episode was faithfully filled with psychological test results. It wasn’t removed because it was something fans would be curious about.

[Chinchilla VS Rabbit who is stronger?]

[Bae Se-jin\: (pupil earthquake) Wouldn’t the rabbit be stronger? There are also those teeth.]

[Members who do not lose their sense of professionalism despite a series of strange problems]

The question didn’t seem to have any credibility but even that was funny since I already knew I was going to be destroyed as a zombie.

And it was always nice to see the members bickering or cooperating with each other.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Even chinchillas have teeth!]

[Bae Se-jin\: (effect of flying into space)]

-Cute♡♡

-Once the kids come up with this idea it’s so cool haha.

-Why are the youngest members so excited?

-If someone goes to a fan club please ask a lot of questions.

– Mundae is so smart isn’t he a genius? How did you come up with another animal there?

For reference the last one was a chat conducted by a college student. This is how I solved the problem of not being able to scream.

‘Ugh!’

She thought she was slipping smoothly into a deep fan life but it was still a fairly normal choice.

Episode 1 showed a deep enough flavor of heartwarming and humorous idol content that we soon forgot about zombies but…

The predicted twist didn’t last longer than the first episode and steadily appeared in the latter half of the episode.

[Researcher\: Oh my!]

[Collapse…?]

Crash. bang!

The office is blocked off with an iron door edited spectacularly.

The fast and exciting effects made viewers nervous making them focus on knowing the situation was about to change suddenly.

However the testas who quickly gathered in the center and stuck to each other as soon as the incident occurred were cute.

[Testa\:…?]

[Suddenly zombie atmosphere]

The situation ended in a comical way with Testa frozen and trying to figure out what the situation was and then realizing that he had been tricked.

[Lee Se-jin\: Director!!]

Real-time chat exploded.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Let the camera director come out.

-I’m looking for the production crew right away.

-How deceived I am.

-Stop combining the hamster that lost Hapsi to Bae Se it’s so funny.

-Ah fun

[Unexpected escape from the zombie laboratory!]

[How does Testa respond?]

And what starts here is Testa’s personal interview data.

[Kim Rae-bin / Rapper / 20 years old / Rabbit born on November 11 200X]

[A fearless rabbit in this area but a worker of the times]

[Counselor\: According to the distribution of scores he is a very sincere and good-natured person but has a clear ego. The synergy that comes with good feedback and advice will be great.]

On the screen Kim Rae-bin’s appearance in the past Testa entertainment program passes by comparing the performance that Kim Rae-bin will show in Zombie Escape in the future.

It is mainly a feat of removing the weight of perfect hotteok dough with one hand.

Fans burst into laughter at the cute caption that included a real rabbit instead of a medieval rabbit but the video didn’t stop.

[Cha Yu-jin / Center / 21 years old / Born on March 6 200X Tiger (self-proclaimed)]

[Agility and a sense of wildness the alley leader of this area]

The introduction method was somehow similar to the member introduction in a heist movie where all-stars gather to steal jewels etc. which made it more exciting.

And finally the graduate student’s favorite came out.

‘Mundae!’

[Park Moon-dae / Main vocalist / 22 years old / Dog born on December 15 200X]

‘It’s a puppy!!!

The graduate student was moved by nothing.

[Tibetan fox in this area with brilliant ideas and judgment]

[Counselor\: Although you have strong introverted tendencies you are a mature person who has developed many extroverted elements. So I think you use both factors appropriately when making your decision.]

[Counselor\: However you are a bit of a perfectionist. (laugh)]

On the data screen Park Moon-dae’s face passes by as he seriously calculates the number of hotteoks and drinks he has sold so far.

‘Oh it’s really so cute… ’

The graduate student was happy while checking the real-time chat.

-Park Moon-dae is the best dog and doesn’t accept any rebuttals.

-Mundae is always sincere about his work haha.

-The production team must know something to take care of the Tibetan fox faction.

The last person to be introduced in reverse chronological order of birthday was Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘uh? If Sejin’s date is February 7th… and Cheongwoo’s date is October 28th isn’t Sejin the eldest?’

The graduate student recalled the screen he had just passed and wondered about the order but he thought it was because Ryu Cheong-woo was the leader and moved on.

[Reliable leader dazzling survival ability]

[Counselor\: You have strong independent and independent tendencies but it is impressive that you are in the position of an inclusive leader.]

[Counselor\: You have a very stable psychological state.]

On the data screen Ryu Cheong-woo smiling and taking care of the members with a normal face passed by all kinds of horror-related content.

And then the main story returns.

[Cha Yujin\: Wait wait!! There’s a door behind here!]

The video ended with the members finding a vent behind the production crew and crawling into it.

[Testa Dream Team!]

[Will you succeed in escaping from a laboratory full of zombies?]

‘Ah we’re starting to get into zombies in earnest from episode 2!’

In fact there wasn’t much of a zombie story given the title from episode 1 but it gave a sense of satisfaction and anticipation at the same time thanks to the detailed description of the situation in which the incident occurred and the role players.

Thanks to this the response was positive.

-Wow you decided on a scale.

-The production team is amazing. Did they cover the vents?

-Oh please give me episode 2 right nowㅠㅠ How can I wait until next week?

-Why do we have to give 2 episodes at once? Anyway please.

-So what on earth does this have to do with the roommate? The roommate was completely taken advantage of haha.

The graduate student enjoyed the afterglow by reading the posts of several people he followed on social media.

‘Oh you must have seen the performance right?’

He then contacts his homma friend and starts talking excitedly again only to end up screaming internally.

‘I passed the stop to get off!’

For reference Homma’s response was ‘I’m so curious to know if Mundae is even afraid of zombies I’m going crazy.’

And just one week later Testa’s zombie escape story was made public.

[Kyaaaa!!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Ugh (mouth covered)]

The editing was excellent combining the thrilling chase and battle scenes with Testa taking care of each other.

In particular the part where you come out of the vent and block the entrance with a cabinet received rave reviews saying it was really like a zombie movie.

-It’s more fun than you can imagine;

-Ryu Cheong-woo\: I wonder if he’s crazy. Look at him shooting zombies like he’s the main character in a movie.

-This seems like it would be fun even for people who don’t know kids so it was selected for business use.

-Episode 3 come out quicklyㅠㅠ

Episode 2 was a good mix of the two parts a cut where the members find a laser gun and kill zombies through their tops and a cut where they move carefully because they can’t handle it.

So the balance between coolness and horror was excellent.

-I almost screamed in the bathroom. The sound of zombies pounding on every door was creepy.

└I thought Ravin passed out there and fainted haha.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ ㄹㅇ

-Ahyeon’s search for dolls in the playroom was so amazing that I screamed.

In particular Sun Ah-hyun’s calm and fearless behavior in the corner was emphasized through separate editing which greatly contributed to strengthening her character.

-I guess Testa didn’t know that Ahyeon was like this so much so it was posted on the kids’ SNS haha (link)

-Ahyeon still doesn’t understand why people are surprised. It’s so cuteㅠㅠ

-My sika deer elk a specimen of external and internal lectures…

And Park Moon-dae’s fans were also satisfied. Homma sent this message to her friend.

[Performance\: This is a valuable entertainment show that teaches valuable information about how zombies are only half scary]

This is because Park Moon-dae was afraid of being a zombie without being seen but when he actually appeared he had the expression of a Tibetan fox.

Fans rewatched episode 2 which ended with Testa racing toward the back door and produced numerous GIFs.

-I think something like this would be fun for the kids’ next concept. Students surviving the zombie apocalypse… I’m already delusional.

-Does anyone want to see Cha Yu-jin attracting the attention of zombies by throwing a ball in the playroom? (GIF file)

-Lee Se-jin’s amazing communication skills while being pushed and pushed by zombies hahaha (captured link)

Overall the fans were very satisfied and were in peaceful enjoyment.

There were no particular questions or controversies.

-Episode 3 will probably be about escape + roommate assignment. I think the zombies are almost over haha.

-Episode 2 had good pacing but I expected episode 3 to have the feel of cute traditional roommate content.

This was the established theory.

However the day when the long-awaited third episode was released.

-omg

-Mimimi crazy

-Are you Cheongwoo?

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I have to give you my ID card. Mundae.]

[Park Moon-dae\: !!!!]

As soon as the scene of Ryu Cheong-woo pointing a laser gun at Park Moon-dae who was showing off his brilliant deduction in the first room was shown the reaction exploded.

And when two people are staring at each other in a frozen screen like a movie.

The screen rewinds and returns to a cut of Ryu Cheong-woo’s personal consultation.
