---
title: "Chapter 282"
category: "book"
index: 281
section: "Chapter 282"
slug: "282"
---

# Chapter 282

[◀◀◀]

In the video the benevolent face of the counselor explaining the personal interview with Ryu Cheong-woo is replayed.

[Counselor\: You have strong independent and independent tendencies but it is impressive that you are in the position of an inclusive leader.]

Up to this point it’s the same phrase as before. However a new phrase was added after that.

[Counselor\: Then what about Ryu Cheong-woo who is not the leader?]

[Counselor\: How would you act in a situation where you can demonstrate your independent tendencies more?]

And the screen changes again.

[After personal interview]

[A mysterious letter suddenly delivered to Cheongwoo]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hmm? What is it?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\:…?? zombi?]

The moment it was revealed that Liu Chengwu knew about the zombie outbreak even before the group interview took place the chat window was once again filled with screams.

His role was the force that brought the zombie virus into this laboratory.

The goal is to turn everyone into zombies or blow them up!

[Counselor\: How different will Teacher Ryu Cheong-woo be from his usual self when he is in a position where he is in conflict with his group members and is out of his role as a leader?]

Using the counselor’s voice as background music Ryu Cheong-woo’s behavior that had not been revealed until now began to appear.

Instead of intentionally moving the members to confront the zombies in the ventilation shaft he moved the members to the back of the passage.

And when he gets out of the dark room he walks alone and removes any hints about the spy.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: (waves his hand at the camera)]

Fans cried at the sight of Liu Chengwu approaching the corpse mannequin first and removing the note from the hand on the other side of the gun.

The content of the note was ‘There is a traitor among the guests.’

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I was worried about whether I could do well but it was surprisingly fun.]

Ryu Cheong-woo intentionally abuses the laser gun and invites discussion on whether to shoot zombies or not.

To make you waste time.

The last one is Ryu Cheong-woo who looks at Park Moon-dae running out as if he senses something and says this to the members.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I will follow the door. Because I have a gun.]

[Kim Rae-bin\: I understand!]

Ryu Cheong-woo broke through the hallway that had the effect of collapsing the building and ran straight at incredible speed to catch up with Park Moon-dae.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Park Moon-dae!]

After showing all the cuts the scene comes back together as if it were being sucked in and returns to the present.

Liu Chengwu aimed his gun. A strong Park Mun-dae.

-Ahhhhhh

-Is this a great victory for Ryu Cheong-woo??

-Ah I never imagined it would be amazing. Why are you so good at it?

-Hehehe Villain Me Cheongwoo is the best…

-What should I do with Mundae?

People screaming like crazy.

And these people are shown screaming once again in the scene a moment later.

[Park Moon-dae\: That’s good. It works for people too.]

The moment Park Moon-dae took out the laser gun the chat window stopped due to lag.

“Wow!”

The graduate student also screamed.

Like last time I was watching a video on the subway so people’s attention was focused for a moment but I didn’t have time to pay attention to it.

Interview scenes intersect.

[Park Moon-dae\: When I first looked at what was in the mannequin’s hand… there was only one foot left.]

[Park Moon-dae\: First of all I took care of it. I was planning to give it to Chungwoo just in case… but I ended up using it for Chungwoo anyway.]

‘crazy!’

He even looked at the pass in his gown and he even packed these things!

‘Shouldn’t there be more entertainment shows like this in Mundae??’

And in the real-time chat window they were spitting out similar sounds using single words and screams.

And the conversation between the two people in the standoff and Ryu Cheong-woo’s briefing on the situation.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Mundae. But even if we just face each other like this doesn’t that mean we can’t use the ID card anyway?]

“Huh!”

Despite the secret move prepared by Park Moon-dae it seemed that Ryu Cheong-woo would win but the balance of power soon collapsed.

This is because members who were supposed to be at the back door poured out of the vent.

-Wow really

-It’s a spectacle.

-ㅋㅋㅋ Daeyujam Group

-Isn’t this a script?

[Cha Yu-jin\: I was right! It’s here!]

The members who remained blankly at the back door also moved immediately after being pushed by Cha Yu-jin’s support and Lee Se-jin’s sympathy Bae Se-jin’s reasoning.

Only Kim Rae-bin who had insisted on remaining at the back door just in case looked at the situation with a lost expression.

[Kim Rae-bin\: I never dared guess that such a situation would happen…]

Kim Rae-bin who had a downcast and vain expression on her face during the interview was honestly funny and cute.

And the confrontation scene returns again.

As the number of men decreased and the structure changed Liu Chengwu meekly lowered his gun and surrendered.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: This won’t work. I will surrender.]

[Cha Yujin\: Waaaaaa!]

The production team edited the situation without stopping showing that the situation kept turning over and over again with perfect timing and eventually resolved for the better.

So Ryu Cheong-woo’s cool surrender exploded with warm exhilaration instead of regret.

-Ah we’re finally leaving!!

-You guys are really amazingㅠㅠ

-I think I’m escaping.

[Park Moon-dae\: Honestly if Chung-woo showed up badly he would have been able to win but I think he couldn’t do that due to personality issues.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Of course in a good way.]

Even Park Moon-dae’s soft words were inserted heartwarmingly as the members ran to the back door.

-It’s a legend.

-No is this the quality that will come out of Zarkon?

-Is it thrilling comical with a twist and even touching? What on earth?

-You can just do it as an official entertainment show.

-Testa The faith and trust we have in each other… The only villain is the production team.

[Lee Se-jin\: Uh-huh! Spies walk fast!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Haha I understand.]

Ryu Cheong-woo who was going with the members had an innocent smile on his face.

And it was during this run just before escape that the expert’s analytical comments began.

[What type of testa was observed during the disaster escape process?

After a brief explanation of the ‘role-playing taxonomy’ that the research institute developed in-house an evaluation of each member follows.

First the twist of this episode is Ryu Cheong-woo.

[Counselor\: As expected you show calm and challenging behavior without anxiety even when acting alone. I think this looks very natural.]

[Counselor\: However Teacher Ryu Cheong-woo has very high ethics and moral standards and does not prefer trickery.]

Behind the close-up of Ryu Cheong-woo’s running face his interviews and reminiscences are shown.

This is the scene where Park Moon-dae is chased. There was another small twist here.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: The reason I chased Moon Dae there was not specifically with the intention of stopping him.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I decided to join because I thought it would be dangerous to go alone. There was smoke coming out of the wall.]

Liu Chengwu’s last act was simply a good deed.

Of course it was also due to seeing Park Moon-dae’s abnormal reaction but the production team had already neatly covered that part.

This is because as soon as filming was over Park Moon-dae politely said ‘I feel quite uncomfortable because my five senses cannot function properly in a fire situation.’

The production team was shocked apologized and even contacted me separately to say they would be more careful in the edited version.

However even apart from this fact this truth was enough to warm the heart.

[Ryu Cheng-wu / Humanitarian Explorer]

[Independent human-friendly type with the spirit to pioneer the future]

Liu Chengwu’s type appeared like a verification mark next to his face.

It was the easy-to-view type classification that Park Moon-dae had hoped for.

Next the members also gave their own evaluations.

[Raebin Kim / Ethical Therapist]

[Cha Yu-jin / Destructive Explorer]

[Bae Se-jin / Ethical Fighter]

[Lee Se-jin / Rational Strategist]

[Ahyun Sun / Humanitarian Fighter]

No one’s types overlapped.

I don’t know if it was a coincidence or if the lab just interpreted the data in their own way for a more dramatic feel but it looked impressive.

‘Well there are 16 types of 4X4.’

The graduate student nodded and found the story quite interesting.

I’m not sure if the theory is that solid but it was quite fun to clearly explain each member’s actions. I think some of my colleagues in the lab are foaming at the mouth and getting angry.

And Park Moon-dae whom she was waiting for was the last one perhaps thanks to his performance.

[Counselor\: Looking at this escape I see that Teacher Park Moon-dae has a tendency to be a perfectionist but at the same time he also has a great desire to take risks and challenge himself?]

The action of grabbing a gun the first one running out of the bathroom to check if a zombie jumps out and finally the image of Park Moon-dae running back with all his might passed by briefly.

[Counselor\: I think it would be good to do some training to control yourself and not overexert yourself but you are a very clear-headed and confident person.]

Arriving at the back door Hyeong-hyung is pictured next to Park Moon-dae’s smiling face as he takes out his ID card.

[Park Moon-dae / Destructive Strategist]

[A brain type that sees the forest more than the trees the embodiment of efficiency and full-throttle sprinting]

‘It’s cool!’

She was cute with pink hair and this coolness was her favorite!

‘The fatigue is gone… ’

She stared at the screen her eyes sparkling.

[Wow!]

The screen which stopped briefly after displaying the type flows again to finally show the back door opening and the testa pouring out.

In the evening when the sun goes down Testa whose face looks refreshing comes out and shouts ‘success’ and ‘big hit’.

[Bae Se-jin\: I don’t think I’ll forget it.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: The best! Let’s do it again!]

[Lee Se-jin\: It was fun~]

‘I had fun too!’

The graduate student smiled and looked at it happily. It was a great ending!

And the moment when I thought the video would end.

The screen has changed.

[Testa\: Oooh~]

Instead of outdoors members sat at tables in a comfortable indoor setting and came out.

The members were applauding hard.

“…??”

[Lee Se-jin\: Did you enjoy the video viewer!]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: We just finished watching episode 1…!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: And I am sitting here to hear the main point.]

Liu Chengwu grinned. Cha Yu-jin intervened.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Roommate!]

“Oh that’s right roommate!”

Before I knew it I had quietly forgotten about it. It seemed like there was additional filming to explain this! The graduate student focused on the screen again.

[Park Moon-dae\: They say they will announce our room now.]

[PD\: Yes everyone~]

The PD’s voice came out in an instant causing laughter from staff and members everywhere.

[PD\: Do you remember the type you received?]

[Testa\: Yes!]

Testa held up the note in his hand as if he had just received it and showed his type and explanation to the camera.

[PD\: Our Communication Relationship Research Center fits that type perfectly! We paired roommates with people who complemented each other!]

[The magic that makes us the advertisers who gave us PPL]

“Oh~”

The graduate student watched the video with excitement. This is why the types were divided!

‘So who are you?’

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh I’m fine with whoever I’m writing with! I hope you let me know quickly!]

[PD\: Now we reveal it!]

While Bae Se-jin wishing for solitary confinement and the carefree Lee Se-jin intersect the PD revealed the whiteboard.

[Bae Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin]

[Ryu Cheong-woo and Park Moon-dae]

[Sun Ah-hyeon and Kim Rae-bin]

[Lee Se-jin]

It was a neat reveal.

“…??”

And both outside and inside the screen were filled with questions.

[Kim Rae-bin\: I have no complaints about the room assignment but weren’t they assigned to people of similar types?]

[Bae Se-jin\: That’s right!]

None of the types matched!

However the PD spoke naturally.

[PD\: It’s not similar to A but a ‘complementary’ personality!]

[!!!!]

[PD\: Think about it you have to have a different personality to complement it!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Oh my god.]

There was a brief uproar among the members who realized they had been caught again but they soon accepted the reality and exchanged greetings with their new roommates.

The way he tried to hold back his laughter was like entertainment.

Except one person.

[Lee Se-jin\: PD? What about me??]

[PD\: Mr. Lee Se-jin… I recommend solitary confinement to experience solo action at least once!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Ugh!]

The intense pain of insider Lee Se-jin brought a lot of laughter.

And even though the graduate student laughed at that he couldn’t help but focus his attention elsewhere.

‘Oh good. ‘It’s the same room as the leader!’

This is Park Moon-dae’s roommate.

[Ryu Cheong-woo and Park Moon-dae]

‘Are you okay?’

The graduate student concluded his thoughts comfortably saying that they would both get along well.

Of course not everyone was like that.

-Ah haha the atmosphere will be amazing.

-It looks like they will change it among themselves as soon as they enter the house.

There were a few comments being made behind the scenes about this new roommate assignment but they were just behind the scenes.

The fandom that united against the new season of Azusa has not yet been reduced to bean dust.

The overall response was very good like that of graduate students.

[Testa zombie escape with a twist (including spoilers)]

During Testa’s hiatus he maintained his form without any decline.

And like it or not contrary to what was predicted behind the scenes they have already changed rooms.

* * *

[Keun Se-jin\: I’m bored at Mundaemun University and I’m so sad in solitary. Reallyㅠ]

‘Funny guy.’

The guy who was secretly liked after being put in solitary confinement and said he was chosen as a good character has a long tongue.

[Then come out to the living room]

I quickly replied and tried to turn off the screen but he was there first.

Grumble.

[Keun Se-jin\: ㄴㄴPark Moon-dae should come to play haha. The correct answer is decided]

“…”

I’m busy bastard.

[Sense of movement]

I shrugged and turned off my smartphone screen.

It wasn’t a lie. Because I’m really thinking of leaving.

‘I need to build more body.’

The atmosphere of the entertainment show during this hiatus was also good so preparations had to be made quickly until the comeback.

‘There is nothing to worry about… ’

The type of research institute that gave us the PPL was embroiled in some sort of minor copyright controversy but it didn’t matter because it wasn’t related to us.

‘I heard it’s similar to the personality classification method in a board game.’

This is okay but what I’m more concerned about is the other part.

“Are you going to exercise?”

I mean I’m roommates with this guy.

“Um yeah.”

I looked at Liu Chengwu and nodded.

I’m not as reluctant as before but if you ask me if I’m comfortable at all…

‘It’s a bit like that.’

In fact there was even an idea to completely change the roommate entertainment show to an entertainment show but it was quickly withdrawn.

‘The risk is high.’

Wouldn’t it be better to pay some attention to it than to get caught and have rumors of discord starting? And it’s no longer uncomfortable so you’ll get used to it over time.

I decided to answer my roommate more cooperatively.

I’d like to add a meaningless explanation that I don’t usually make.

“But there are few places to go so I’m thinking about it for a while.”

I thought there would be a lot of people to go to the trails and a lot of people to go to the exercise facilities.

‘Should I just go to work?’

It was the moment when I was about to fall into trouble again.

“Oh then let’s go together. “I was planning to go to the gym too.”

“…?”

Liu Chengwu smiled and got up from the desk.

“There is a place I often go to.”

…Hmm I suddenly have an ominous feeling.
