---
title: "Chapter 283"
category: "book"
index: 282
section: "Chapter 283"
slug: "283"
---

# Chapter 283

The situation went as expected. However it was more comfortable than I thought.

Since a former national team member said it was a place he often goes to I thought it would be like rock climbing from hell.

“Are you okay here?”

“yes.”

I moved my feet and looked around.

This was a hiking trail on the outskirts of Gyeonggi Province that we arrived at in less than an hour by car.

It didn’t feel particularly well-maintained but the slope wasn’t steep and was worth walking on.

‘…are you watching?’

I remember what this guy said the last time I hiked a deserted island.

-You… have already lost stamina due to the aftereffects. In the past hiking like this wouldn’t have been so out of breath.

Although this is a guess that is flawed in many areas I decided to accept this situation without protesting.

‘It’s work-life balance rather than pride.’

However there is something puzzling.

“But there really aren’t many people.”

The point is that there are no people in sight right now except for a few older people.

Even on a weekday you can expect to see quite a few people hiking.

“Oh there was construction going on next door. Can you see it?”

Liu Qingyu pointed to the small river on the left with his hand.

Nets and construction materials are scattered sparsely along the road.

“I guess that’s why most people go in the opposite direction. “They say the roads are better there.”

“ah.”

“Well since it’s a local mountain there aren’t that many people coming. “There are no mineral springs or rocks.”

“You know very well.”

“This is where I lived when I was young.”

Liu Chengwu smiled awkwardly.

“The archery range I used to go to was nearby so I kept coming even after I moved.”

“…”

A guy who can’t shoot properly due to aftereffects didn’t bother coming near his favorite archery range… that’s okay.

‘That guy is not in a position to be pitied right now.’

I just nodded modestly.

“I think it was a place with good facilities.”

“It’s more of a memory than that.”

Liu Chengwu closed his mouth for a moment but spoke again a beat later.

“I think it would be okay to come with the kids next time. “The owner is kind.”

If you reject this outright you will be the type of person who has thrown your social skills into the fire pit.

“Of course.”

“good.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“Since the tour ended we didn’t have to go out and play separately so it was good. “I had a schedule when you guys left a few days ago.”

ah. That’s it.

I recalled that several members went out to coincide with Sun Ah-hyun’s birthday.

At that time Ryu Cheong-wu and a few other people couldn’t go because they had separate schedules.

“I didn’t do anything special. “There are a lot of people.”

“Haha you even left a proof photo for something like that?”

I wiggled my eyebrows remembering the Polaroid that Big Sejin left behind after escaping from the room.

-Testa Friendship Forever☆ 5/7

Happy birthday Ahyeon-ah!

It would be a lie if I said I didn’t know that it would be posted on the internet right away like that but the fans liked it anyway so it’s okay.

“I left that behind and went straight back to the dorm. “Because there are so many people.”

“I see. This job is definitely rewarding but I think it’s difficult. “It’s going to be difficult to go out.”

“Of course.”

I took a quick run down the street and then shrugged.

“But even if I hadn’t done this I think it would have been the same for my brother. “What about archery national competition?”

“what? haha!”

Liu Chengwu stopped laughing only after some time had passed.

“that’s right. That kind of thing doesn’t really suit me. “I guess there’s nothing we can do about arts and physical education.”

Liu Qingyu’s tone did not sound lamentable or grumbling but rather refreshing. Well it’s proof of success.

‘This is a problem that only the winner can deal with.’

Ryu Cheong-woo and I continued to run on the outskirts hiking trail we found due to the side effects of the winner.

And only after a while did I realize something was strange.

“Whoa.”

This is because the slope gets steeper as you go up. I took a few deep breaths and realized that my fairly large stamina bar was gone by more than half.

‘I would definitely be above the average adult male.’

Moreover looking around it seems like not many people go up here.

…Moreover we are the only ones running up the mountain.

And then I realized.

‘I was deceived.’

From a flat walk the angle was cleverly steepened making me keep climbing like a frog submerged in boiling water…

The flat hiking trail was not a consideration but a bait. I suppressed a moan.

After all Liu Chengwu is not an idiot and he saw me working out like that so of course he would know that my physical strength has increased.

‘You played well… ’

Even without reaching the summit it seemed like it would take quite some time.

However I felt like even if I complained I would only ruin my social status and not be able to descend the mountain so I decided to just keep my mouth shut and move on.

It’s not like I can’t do it.

‘Make sure you exercise once.’

I silently looked up and moved on.

How long has it been like that?

I felt a hand tapping my shoulder.

“Moondae over there.”

“Whoa what…”

There’s still a long way to arrive.

I raised my head and followed his hand with my gaze.

“…”

The city at midday was spread out in my field of vision.

Rolling mountains and fortresses rivers running down them and dense building complexes.

It was a colorful spring city.

Swish.

The wind blew. The mountain air blows through my nose.

It was nice to see.

“Are you okay?”

Liu Chengwu spoke leisurely.

“There is nothing more to go up. This is the best view so far… I quit archery and started climbing every day while preparing for this job and that’s when I realized.”

“…”

I stood on the railing while looking at the scenery.

‘I wasn’t planning on going to the top.’

This is true.

“how is it? It’s a little bit motivational… isn’t it good? “I did it more than just exercising.”

“yes. “It will work.”

I confirmed. Secured route expected hardship certain reward.

It’s not my type of hobby but hiking might not be a bad hobby.

“Well that’s a relief.”

I leaned on the railing with him and slowly looked down the mountain.

And only after enough time had passed did Liu Chengwu open his mouth.

“Shall we go down slowly?”

“Of course.”

I felt very refreshed.

While I was trying to stretch I finally said something that had been in my mind since I saw the hiking trail.

“brother.”

“huh?”

“It’s all good but I needed to do anaerobic muscle exercise.”

“ah.”

I just didn’t say anything because I felt like if I refused as soon as I saw the hiking trail I wouldn’t believe them and it would make me feel awkward.

Liu Chengwu answered with a embarrassed expression.

“Because it was uphill… I must have used my strength.”

“…”

You’re an expert at rationalizing it. i get it.

I had no particular complaints while descending. And I agreed with Ryu Cheng-wu’s words ‘Let’s come for a run sometimes.’

‘The intensity of exercise is appropriate and it would be nice to try it out since we are roommates.’

* * *

Two weeks after changing rooms. Not only us but also the new room owners all adapted to their situation in their own way.

“Would you like some?”

“Oh yeah.”

For example Bae Se-jin surprisingly became less likely to stay in the living room. Now I only come out during the day to avoid Cha Yu-jin.

“It’s a bit noisy at night but as long as you have earplugs it’s no problem!”

Bae Se-jin once said that he was angry. Surprisingly Cha Yu-jin respects her roommate’s individualistic tendencies well.

‘Maybe it’s because I’m American.’

Of course that also has its limits.

“Sometimes if I just play a game or watch a video together it’ll be quiet when I go to sleep…”

I calmly told them the reality.

“That won’t last long.”

“what?”

“If talking to you doesn’t work I’ll shake your shoulder right away.”

“…”

“Congratulations on becoming a night owl.”

Bae Se-jin looked at his room with a blank face.

And I the one in solitary confinement… am living a good life moving from room to room.

“Hey you and Chungwoo from Mundae have become best friends. Are you going to the gym tomorrow too?”

Is this the room today? I answered hesitantly to Keun Se-jin who was playing on his smartphone on Ryu Cheong-woo’s bed.

“Well… I’m a roommate so I’ll do my best. “If you want to go you can go too.”

“Hey I’m not that clueless! “Good exercise!”

“…”

Although Keun Se-jin didn’t add any more words he couldn’t help but wonder what it meant.

‘I’m asking you to take this opportunity to completely change the atmosphere.’

There are people who still think back on how shitty my attitude toward Ryu Chung-woo was during that damn summer package shoot.

I feel like I’m being nitpicking about this roommate assignment but there’s no need to leave this kind of spark in a barely-knit fandom.

‘It just has to look comfortable.’

They are the ones who motivate me even though I thought I was going to do well anyway.

I waved to Geun Se-jin and went in to wash.

And the next day on the hiking trail.

“Do you want to climb to the top today? “Just as a test.”

Liu Chengwu made a new suggestion. He didn’t say anything on the way up so he must have been thinking about that.

‘Well it might be okay to climb up there at least once.’

The period when people could leisurely exercise outdoors was slowly coming to an end.

Now is the time to really focus on preparing for the comeback.

I calculated my remaining stamina and immediately nodded.

“Of course.”

“good.”

And we leave at 4pm. I started walking towards the summit at an odd hour.

The slope got steeper so I didn’t have to run so it was worth it.

When we climbed for about forty more minutes.

The summit was visible.

“after.”

There was no one up there. Liu Chengwu and I picked up a little more speed and moved at the same tempo to the summit marker.

“It’s been a while.”

Liu Chengyu stood holding the wooden fence next to the sign and I stood next to him and looked down.

And on the first day of hiking I confirmed that what Ryu Cheong-wu said was correct.

“It definitely looks better there.”

The view from the top was not as nice as the view from halfway up. Of course the higher it is the more overwhelming it feels…

“okay.”

Liu Chengyu nodded as he looked at the scenery. Then he took out water from his backpack and drank it.

I likewise took mine out and drank and there was a moment of peaceful silence.

Well it’s definitely more comfortable than before.

“…”

“Mundae.”

“yes.”

“Is it okay if I ask you something?”

“Yeah whatever. “Let’s do it.”

I answered without much hesitation.

Liu Chengwu slowly opened his mouth with his eyes fixed on the scenery.

“Actually… I asked a few more questions about the person you mentioned after watching the family video during Chuseok last year.”

“…!”

“That ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.”

I almost got sick while drinking water.

I quickly put down the water bottle and came up with a hypothesis.

‘Surely you knew the location?’

“Is your whereabouts…?”

“Um no. Sorry that wasn’t it. “I just… just heard a little about his past.”

“…”

“Except for myself my entire family got into an accident on a trip to my parents’ house. I think it was a combination of a car accident and a fire.”

Liu Qingyu took a pause and continued speaking so calmly that it seemed artificial.

“And the former… It’s like the car accident that left me with the aftereffects.”

Fuck you.

I took another sip of water on a topic that wasn’t very pleasant.

‘If those in the family don’t know the whereabouts they’ll just say they don’t know and be done with it.’

Why on earth would I do something like this?

But Liu Chengwu’s words were not over.

“And you know what Mundae?”

what.

“…It wasn’t your parents’ car accident. “You were in a plane accident.”

“…”

what?

“Actually last year the article was about to be published but the company blocked it. “It might be a shock to you so we discussed it briefly with me and it was not long after you were discharged from the hospital.”

I raised my head.

“But you… have trauma from the traffic accident and fire situation. “Not an airplane.”

Before I knew it Liu Chengyu had taken his eyes off the scenery and was looking at me.

“That’s the story of Ryu Geon-woo you were looking for.”

“…”

“Mundae. “Who are you looking for?”
