---
title: "Chapter 284"
category: "book"
index: 283
section: "Chapter 284"
slug: "284"
---

# Chapter 284

Cold sweat ran down my face.

No it was sweat from hiking but it may have felt cold due to the conditions.

Because it was completely X.

‘A plane accident?’

This is my first time hearing this story.

‘Organizing… starting with organizing.’

There was no way for me to find out exactly why Park Moon-dae’s parents died.

…Park Moon-dae had already vacated his studio apartment and even organized his belongings.

I was only able to confirm my parents’ names and ages but just in case I searched several articles using my region of residence and first and last name but nothing came up.

‘Then it’s a common incident that won’t become a big topic… ’

Doesn’t it naturally remind you of a traffic accident? So I also let someone misunderstand it like that.

For example Liu Chengwu.

-The fact that I brought up the story of the aftereffects of a traffic accident… must have sounded like I was full.

I thought it was highly probable and even if it wasn’t there wouldn’t be anyone who could prove it.

However despite the odds a completely new accident emerged as the cause.

And I… I flew the fucking plane without any problems and even went skydiving.

“…”

Damn it.

I realized I still had water in my mouth and swallowed it.

The water bottle was almost empty. It seems like a sound is coming from the electronic watch on my wrist.

How long am I waiting to reply?

-Tick tock.

‘There is no excuse… anything that can be reasonably used.’

In fact it is a dilemma.

Everything from the traffic accident and fire to the overreaction to Ryu Cheong-woo’s accident fits perfectly with the story of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.

And it doesn’t work for either party to say no to something that has already been confirmed as fact.

‘I’m almost sure about this guy now.’

This is a story I came up with after ruminating several times after realizing that my words and actions including Park Moon-dae’s past were completely inconsistent.

I slowly closed the canteen and quickly shook my head.

Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae.

-Tick tock.

“…”

okay. If you make a hypothesis as realistically as possible is there anything you can draw out?

‘You just have to add one more mental illness to amnesia.’

This is a psychopathological explanation that Park Moon-dae mistook Ryu Geon-woo’s situation for his own.

It is said that he was confused in the process of recovering his memories because he received great help from Ryu Geon-woo and had a lot of emotional interactions.

‘But… the moment you make an excuse with this aren’t you going to the hospital?’

It’s like a cessation of activity. This is… it would be better to just talk about the status window.

‘Why don’t you explain that there is a status window that is invisible to others? ‘What bullshit.’

It would be fortunate if this was just misunderstood as paranoia.

‘Either way I only see the spirit and ending.’

All dismissed.

-Tick tock.

In the meantime time is passing.

Even if Liu Chengyu isn’t looking he’s still looking this way. There is no countdown to the feeling of gaze.

‘You brought this bastard to the summit on purpose.’

I had run out of stamina there were no other guys and I had driven myself to the point where there was no other factor to alleviate the situation.

And there is a limit to wasting time right now but I can’t think of any particularly amazing measures.

‘Is there any way it could come to mind?’

Everything is blocked.

-Tick tock.

It won’t work. Clear it first.

I tried to open my mouth to say something absurd that started with ‘I didn’t remember the plane accident only a vague image of an explosion and a moving accident left me with a misunderstanding… ’ But the other guy struck first.

…is a party.

“If it’s difficult to talk there’s nothing we can do.”

“…!”

“Tell me if you feel like it.”

Liu Chengyu said this in a calm tone and put his canteen in his bag.

And then I lightly turned my back.

“Then shall we go down?”

That was the end of it. Liu Chengwu walked slowly.

I shut my mouth and followed him down the mountain.

But the tension still remained. Because I knew the answer was just delayed.

Moreover now I have to think of the reason why I couldn’t answer right away.

‘I’m going crazy.’

That’s how my extremely uncomfortable dorm room life began.

* * *

And a few days later.

“What are you… doing?”

2 o’clock in the morning. This is what Bae Se-jin said after coming out to drink water and almost falling when she saw me sitting on the living room sofa.

“I can’t sleep.”

“Then… you can just go in and lie down.”

“I don’t really feel like it.”

Bae Se-jin looked at me with his mouth wide open and I turned away from his gaze.

It must be incredibly funny because it’s like I’ve just touched the baton with him.

However I wonder if there would be someone with enough nerve in this situation to go into a room and sleep comfortably at the same time.

After being pointed out in detail by my roommate the contradictions in my life I was given no time to respond.

And the ominous calmness of not even mentioning the topic for several days.

‘It’s not the eye of some kind of typhoon.’

It would be better for that crazy guy to yell at me every time he opens his mouth and say it’s a lie. What on earth are you thinking?

‘Damn it.’

I held back a sigh and leaned back on the sofa.

Still it would be too obvious to sleep in the living room so I planned to go in when my head cooled down and became more dull.

‘If you just put your head to it it works to pass the time.’

But Bae Se-jin seems to have thought a little differently.

The guy looked at me with a strange expression and then his face changed to one where he realized something.

And he asked with a slightly expectant look on his face.

“Park Moon-dae would you like to switch rooms with me?”

hey.

“No it’s not that I don’t want to use my room it’s just that you look bad!”

I can see inside.

I thought for a while and held back a sigh. And shook his head.

“I have no intention of changing it.”

“…okay?”

“yes. “If you see something it will be okay.”

It has to be okay.

If you make a comeback and film content after things have become awkward like this you will be shattered again. This is just how the summer package nightmare is building up.

‘So we need to see a solution.’

There is no way. An explanation that Liu Chengwu can understand.

I put my head down on the sofa. My appetite was bitter.

Bae Se-jin drank a glass of water according to the purpose of coming out and then quietly came to the side.

“Well Ryu Cheong-wu… he’s a good kid.”

“…yes. “I know.”

“Oh right. you also! “He’s a good kid!”

“…”

I’m going to wake someone up you bastard.

Bae Se-jin lowered the volume with his ears open and cleared his throat a few times before speaking in a quieter voice.

“Some people just don’t get along but I’m saying this because I don’t think it’s like that for you guys.”

“…”

“Just tell her honestly if there’s anything uncomfortable about her. “Please stay out of the living room.”

I paused a bit and then chuckled.

“It seems like advice that comes from experience.”

“okay.”

I thought he would be shocked but Bae Se-jin surprisingly nodded seriously.

“It’s because I’m more comfortable in the living room but you don’t seem to be that comfortable in the living room.”

“…”

“You want to get along well with Cheongwoo. “Then he’s… a bit of an easy-going kid so just listen when I talk to him.”

Sorry but it’s the opposite situation. He must be uncomfortable with me.

I shook my head. Even if I say something like this I’m just putting this guy in a situation that’s difficult for him to understand.

Let’s just say it well and send it back.

“I’ll give it a try. “Thank you for your help.”

“I’m glad that happened. “Sleep well.”

“yes. “Please sleep well too brother.”

Bae Se-jin walked into the room with his shoulders straight. I guess I thought I had solved one problem.

I guess he was like an older brother.

Watching that strangely enough my heart felt a little lighter. As I was laughing I suddenly remembered what Bae Se-jin said.

‘Ryu Qingwu just listens when you say it… ’

“…”

I lay down in the living room and recalled my thoughts.

This time I didn’t focus on finding ‘an explanation that wouldn’t be strange if I did it myself.’

Instead what we focused on was ‘what was Liu Chengwu trying to hear?’

Let’s organize the series of events he went through before asking this question in chronological order.

“…”

And a few hours later.

“after.”

A conclusion has been reached.

It’s a bit funny but Bae Se-jin’s role as the older brother really worked.

I made a suggestion to Ryu Cheong-woo in the car on the way back after finishing my recording schedule that day.

* * *

My suggestion was simple.

-How about exercising on Thursday morning?

-In the morning?

-Yes it was the only time we had time.

Now that time is spent preparing for a comeback body care mainly revolves around diet and fast intense calorie-burning routines.

As expected it means that there is no time to leisurely exercise but this proposal means that I will use the little meal and rest time I have a week to exercise.

Liu Chengyu looked a little puzzled but soon nodded.

-Yeah it’s okay.

And now that he was out exercising at the appointed time he seemed a little surprised.

“Is it okay to come here?”

“sure.”

Because it was the same hiking trail that I had been tired of for the past few weeks.

“Let’s go.”

There was no time to say more so I immediately started running lightly.

“hook.”

Now that it is closer to early summer the mountains are getting hotter.

There seemed to be some people hiking in the morning but due to the weather many people left and it was still quiet.

So it was actually good.

‘Because no one will overhear.’

I stopped at a mountainside where there were almost no people.

Of course the reason I stopped was not just because there were no people around.

“hmm?”

“Like you said I don’t think there’s any need to go all the way to the top. “It was best to see it from here.”

“Oh really?”

Liu Chengwu looked a little embarrassed but soon nodded. And then I turned my attention to the scenery.

“It’s gotten more lush.”

“Sure.”

I took a moment to look at the beautiful scenery and then took a breath.

And then I measured the time.

‘You would have guessed it if you came here.’

Because it gave me time to mentally prepare by taking the route that I was asked about.

No he probably guessed it from the moment I suddenly suggested exercise in the first place.

‘An answer to the contradictions you pointed out.’

As expected Liu Chengwu slowly opened his mouth.

“…Hmm do you have something you want to say?”

I shook my head.

It’s not that I came up with an excuse that fit the situation well enough to turn the situation around and that’s why I came up with what I wanted to say.

What came to mind after listening to Bae Se-jin last night was something else.

“I don’t have anything I want to say… I have something to say.”

It is justifiable.

Ryu Cheong-woo had a right to receive an answer to this question.

‘This guy was convinced that I was being mean to him because it reminded me of my parents’ accident so he moved on.’

Afterwards he said he suddenly remembered something and cooperated with my actions to find ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ without opposition. Simply because they may know you because they are your relatives.

However the reasons and explanations I gave while getting there did not all fit.

‘It’s almost a good thing I’m not upset.’

This guy didn’t dig up anything. As I got caught up in it I only noticed a contradiction that seemed deceptive.

‘Honestly even if you find a suitable excuse here the moment there is another contradiction it’s over… ’

At that point it wouldn’t be surprising if the group and the group turned around and cut me off.

Even after this guy fully understood the situation he kept his mouth shut and waited for quite a while until the timing was right.

Probably until I recover my physical and mental strength.

‘I guess what I said at the summit was let’s just exercise and refresh ourselves and then talk quietly… ’

This was neither malicious nor meddling.

So the conclusion has been reached that at least the sincerity should be conveyed without the unreality of resets and status windows.

‘Whether that makes sense or not is another matter.’

Anyway there is no explanation that makes sense. So if a person has a fucking conscience they should do this.

I sighed and then spoke slowly.

“brother.”

“huh.”

“Now… I know that the words and the situation may not seem to match.”

I reflexively put my hands in my pockets and then took them out when I realized I wasn’t smoking anymore.

And spoke slowly.

“I have never lied.”

“…”

“What… Even if I try to explain it I don’t really understand it… Oh it’s not a mental problem. “It’s not like you mistook me for someone else or identified with me.”

This bastard is the kind of bastard who even with the best of intentions would send me to a mental hospital if I were to criticize him. I held back a sigh and rubbed the back of my neck.

“It’s just… I just acted the way I did.”

Liu Chengwu did not refute. I continued speaking.

“It is true that I am uncomfortable with traffic accidents and fires because of my parents’ accidents. Of course during the summer package my brother might think that I was being rude by giving reasons that weren’t even true…”

“for a moment.”

Liu Chengyu interrupted looking a little embarrassed.

And smiled bitterly.

“Mundae. “I think there’s a bit of a misunderstanding… I’m not trying to discredit you or question you.”

what?

“During the summer package? Anyone who sees you at that time will never be able to say that the pain was fake. “I don’t think you lied.”

I listened to him in a daze.

“And… you saved my life when you almost died. That’s a fact that never changes. yes?”

that…

“Who would get angry because they don’t agree with their lifesaver? “Don’t worry about that.”

Liu Chengwu added slowly.

“What I want to ask is this. “It’s a door.”

“…”

“Do you need help right now?”
