---
title: "Chapter 285"
category: "book"
index: 284
section: "Chapter 285"
slug: "285"
---

# Chapter 285

I heard a remark that was the most unexpected… or the exact opposite of what I expected.

‘Do you need help?’

So I’m not trying to question why none of the facts match but I’m asking because I’m worried that something is wrong with me…

‘Is it for creating an atmosphere?’

I wondered if this was bait thrown to get a more specific explanation. I looked up to read Ryu Cheong-wu’s expression.

And this idea was immediately withdrawn. Liu Chengyu’s face was clean.

Yeah he’s not like that.

What I’m saying is that I really want to help.

“…after.”

…I was dazed.

‘I didn’t know there would be talk of help in this situation.’

It seems that Ryu Cheng-wu still feels like he owes me a lot during the car accident.

‘I didn’t particularly consider that part.’

Come to think of it I even said ‘be thankful’ in my own words before.

I recalled what I said to Ryu Cheong-woo who seemed to be suffering from a sense of debt during the uninhabited island distress show.

-is it so. So let’s say I saved my brother’s life.

-…!

-You will continue to be grateful. I will call you without hesitation if I need it so please make sure to repay me.

Liu Chengwu really did as he said.

‘…I was hiking at this time too.’

It was a bit funny to receive similar comments in the same situation.

“hmm.”

I put my arm on the railing and smiled bitterly.

After putting it all together… I feel even more strange. A helping hand instead of doubt.

‘That’s strange.’

I was shaking. But it wasn’t bad.

I answered slowly.

“First of all… thank you.”

“…”

“Thank you for saying that. “It’s a situation worth getting angry about.”

“That’s not it.”

Liu Chengyu answered firmly and then leaned comfortably with his arms on the railing.

“You didn’t lie and I wasn’t harmed so why get angry?”

The fact that you believe I didn’t lie is surprising.

I was trying to get lost in some strange sentiment but I quickly got out of it.

Because there is still something left to answer.

“And my situation is actually difficult for me to understand or explain… but it’s not so difficult that I definitely need help.”

I thought about my situation.

I was successful with this job no longer had any status ailments and the people I live with are all nice guys.

I’m living okay.

‘No it’s just too much.’

Taking risks is the destiny of this profession. And compared to sudden death there is at least some context.

“All the difficulties have passed. Now I’m just having a hard time buying it. “I’m trying to figure out why the contradictions you mentioned came about.”

It’s just… I don’t know why I came into this body and am doing this so I had to know the truth.

‘If you don’t know the cause you never know when this situation will change drastically again.’

Liu Chengwu nodded.

“That’s where we need to know the whereabouts of ‘Ryu Geon-woo.’”

This kind of insight is good again.

“That’s right. So my brother is already helping me.”

Liu Chengwu laughed.

“okay. Don’t worry I’ll do everything I can in that regard. “Is there anything else?”

“It’s okay…”

Oh is there one?

“I really need to win the grand prize this time so please cooperate with me.”

If you win the grand prize you can receive the ‘Conversation with Park Moon-dae’ mission reward.

“what?”

Liu Qingwu’s expression now looked as if he had just been punched and he immediately smiled comfortably.

“That’s what our team should originally aim for.”

“Sure.”

The reason I didn’t ask the reason for this incoherent sound was probably because I mistakenly thought it was a joke or something meant to get the conversation back on track.

‘Even if you misunderstand it like that there’s really nothing to explain.’

But what can I say… there was a strange sense of liberation in just saying it out loud like this.

The strength in my shoulders disappeared.

“good. “I will work harder.”

“thank you.”

I laughed with him and then looked at the road. The mountainside without people was quiet.

“It’s a little hot but the weather is nice.”

“yes.”

The heat was more than comfortable but I didn’t bother to point it out.

Afterwards Ryu Cheong-wu did not ask any more details or reasons.

I only confirmed one thing while descending.

“It’s not a coincidence that Mr. Ryu Geon-woo’s circumstances match yours is it?”

“yes.”

“okay.”

That was it. With that this topic is over.

‘Isn’t it frustrating?’

If it were me I would have told him to tell me everything he knew because I would decide for myself whether I understood it or not but he showed surprising composure.

Instead Ryu Cheong-woo ended the conversation by saying ‘I said not right now but if you need help in the future feel free to tell me.’

Even that wasn’t the end.

“Mundae can we speak comfortably?”

This is what Ryu Cheong-woo who was driving said while descending the mountain and returning to his accommodation.

“Now that I think about it I’m not even in the athletes’ village yet so I guess they told me to be too strict about being polite.”

“no. “You can do that.”

You’re talking about big trouble.

“If I didn’t say anything at all it would have looked bad to people. “Controversy may arise for no reason.”

If he had done that as soon as he debuted… well he would have been brutally beaten for ignoring the leader just because Park Gomer was number one.

However Liu Chengwu did not give up.

“Hmm I see. So should we do it like this? Use only honorifics and don’t be too formal. “I think just adding ‘yo’ will do.”

Why?

However there was a part of me that could guess why he said that.

I eventually smiled and answered.

“Is that so? brother.”

“haha.”

I didn’t particularly play music in the car on the way back but the silence didn’t bother me.

And I realized that my problem had been solved.

‘…I don’t think there will be a repeat of the summer package controversy.’

That’s how I got used to my new roommate.

However once one problem is resolved another problem arises.

* * *

After the conversation with Ryu Cheong-woo Dawn was once again working on an insanely tight comeback preparation schedule.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Don’t you exercise?]

I received a call out of the blue.

‘Why is this guy texting needlessly… ’

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: (dog photo)]

I looked at a photo of a dog happily walking along a familiar apartment building.

The dog is also a familiar sight. To be exact I met him while jogging in the fog at dawn.

‘Come to think of it I haven’t gone for a walk there even once since then.’

You can’t believe it when I tell you but I forgot because I was hiking.

I roughly typed my reply with my free unadorned hand.

[I switched to another exercise]

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I see. I couldn’t see it so I called. Today is the end for me too]

This means I can now resume my early morning walks without worrying about meeting this bastard. It’s good news but I’m busy preparing for the comeback so I can’t go out anyway…

‘Wait a minute this guy can’t come out there either?’

That means…

Of the several possibilities I threw the one that bothered me the most\: a fastball.

[Are you ready for a comeback?]

The curve ball is back.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: We are always preparing for the album^^]

‘Fuck you.’

These guys are making a comeback now. It’s obvious to see the words being turned around like this.

‘What happens to the term?’

I quickly shook my head.

This year we had a comeback in January and these guys made a comeback in February.

It’s the end of May now… So judging by this guy’s nuance it means that VTIC will make a comeback around June.

‘Then it’s been 4 months… It would be perfect to release a repackage in that weight class.’

Usually when a repackage is released sales tend to drop compared to the previous album.

Since this album is released with only one or two songs added to the previous full-length album there is little purchase merit and the duration is short so it is burdensome for consumers to spend a lot of money.

But 4 months is enough.

‘With this amount of time there is almost no loss.’

It’s almost at the normal activity level of a rookie and the quality of VTIC’s albums is so well-known that everyone who wants to buy them will buy them.

And this is how it was set up…

‘This is how I won’t lose money in my annual grades.’

The Maginot Line which is disappointing is making a comeback in the beginning of the third quarter so it must have been planned since the beginning of this year.

‘I’m saying I need to include half a year’s worth of grades.’

At the same time I am confident in this repackage.

“…”

It must be tough. I smiled bitterly.

‘He had the same plans as us.’

Because we’re aiming for a comeback this summer for exactly the same reason.

“Mr. Moon I’m going to start shooting right now!”

“yes.”

I put down my smartphone and followed the staff. But my head was spinning.

“Slightly diagonal in front… Yes it’s fine.”

And we came to a conclusion while taking concept photos for the album.

‘The moons should not overlap like this.’

For us the Maginot Line is also in July. If possible come back as scheduled in June so that we can get along well for at least a month.

However the emergency news that came through the company’s emergency contact network shortly afterwards was the exact opposite of my hopes.

“…It’s July.”

-Yes.

Through the phone that Ryu Cheong-woo had handed over the wheezing of a planning team member who was suppressing double insults could be heard. I held back a sigh.

Just two days after I texted Cheongryeo there was news of VTIC’s surprise comeback in July in an article.

[“KPOP King” VTIC comeback in July… album reservation countdown]

It was sealed without a card and then exploded.

“…”

okay. Let’s think about it kindly… But it was also released early roughly over a month and a half later.

It also means that if you don’t want to be eaten by those in your weight class you should avoid them.

‘It’s tingling.’

Our company’s sealing skills must be terrible so our comeback schedule must have already gone through T1.

‘Then do you really think we should postpone it until September or take off the rank insignia and hold on for now?’

Cheongryeo is doing such a dangerous thing?

“They know that we are making a comeback in July right?”

-… no. I think it’s probably June. That’s how our first article came out…

“…”

I see.

It seems that when T1 mentioned the testa activity plan while unpacking stock-related presentations and articles it was announced in June out of June or July which was the scheduled month at the time.

June was the second quarter so it felt different when I was putting together the PPT.’

It was a commonly used trick.

And if VTIC’s agency LeTi thought we were in June and caught it VTIC’s comeback would probably be in late July…

It’s worse. There may actually be overlap.

“I understand first.”

I hung up the phone with a cold head and returned it to Liu Chengwu. Anyway I couldn’t talk on the phone anymore because my schedule was changing again.

“Brother here.”

“okay.”

And what this means is that the members are listening to the call next to me.

“Does this overlap with our VTIC seniors again?”

“uh.”

“after.”

Big Sejin sighed and smiled bitterly. The other guys also look nervous.

And it was well deserved. Because it is a reenactment of the nightmare that was released simultaneously with debut.

I somehow managed to survive and come in first place but when I think about the hardships I had to go through people usually feel at a loss.

“Umm~ OK!”

Oh except for that guy.

And Bae Se-jin interjected with an expression of frustration.

“If it’s that burdensome isn’t it okay to postpone it for a bit? “August is also okay.”

“I think if I go that far I will lose money in my year-end grades.”

If you go past the beginning of the third quarter you will lose a lot of your music score at the end of the year.

Then you can only focus on the album target but that’s… you’re already behind VTIC.

A decision was needed.
