---
title: "Chapter 286"
category: "book"
index: 285
section: "Chapter 286"
slug: "286"
---

# Chapter 286

“Shall we start by organizing it?”

“Let’s do that.”

“yes!”

Keun Se-jin began writing down topics on a whiteboard in one corner of the conference room.

It was an emergency meeting that started hastily after midnight.

[Testa comeback date]

It is a comeback that overlaps exquisitely with VTIC.

‘Originally these matters are decided by the agency and it is normal for idols with this level of experience to have no authority… ’

After going through various circumstances I came to my senses and realized that we are all involved.

Well that’s what I intended and I feel more comfortable doing it this way. If someone else decides and our album fails we’ll go crazy.

“First of all… here is our comeback date.”

Big Sejin drew a long line with the date and marked it on the front of the July scale.

Monday July 5th. This is the day that was originally set as the comeback date.

“It was a choice that allowed me to include a week’s worth of music broadcasts one month’s performance in the July monthly chart and all of July August and September’s performance in the 3rd quarter awards! Hey it’s nice to see who chose it right?”

It was a date that the company and members unanimously agreed upon. I nodded.

“And I think VTIC thought the same thing.”

“…!”

Of course not. If it had been July I would have made the most efficient choice.

Sun Ah-hyeon cautiously opened her mouth.

“So… did you pick the same date…?”

“It will probably be a little different because the standard will be the billboard.”

The days of the week that are fully reflected on the billboard… Keun Sejin is already writing it down on the whiteboard.

[VTIC senior’s comeback date]

[Billboard Friday!]

“friday! “If this is the case it will be Friday July 2nd.”

“hmm.”

It’s only 3 days since our comeback.

July 2nd and July 5th.

The two dots that Keun Se-jin had drawn on the date line looked extremely close. Here and there other guys were staring at the whiteboard with serious faces.

Except one guy of course.

“Is there a problem? “Don’t you want to meet our VTIC senior?”

This is Cha Yu-jin.

Of course the very next moment someone came out to mark Cha Yu-jin one-on-one.

“Cha Yujin it’s not such a personal problem! “You are talking about both teams losing money in many evaluation items calculated by relative share!”

Kim Rae-bin proudly boasts of the calculation method she discovered only while preparing for this comeback.

‘I’m putting to good use what I’ve known for less than a month.’

To make that easier to understand it means that no matter how much you both sell it is the same period of time so if you look at it as a percentage you will be sharing one piece of the pie.

‘Impact and short-term performance also suffer.’

But Cha Yu-jin was indifferent.

“no! We won first place last time! I don’t have any problem. “We just have to do our own stage!”

“Last time?”

“Our debut album!”

Ah the debut album that dragged on for several weeks and took first place on the music charts.

‘Actually isn’t that no different from VTIC stealing an empty house while on tour?’

In fact the timing worked out amazingly well. It usually didn’t work out that way.

There are rebuttals here and there as if they were thinking the same thing.

“That was lucky.”

“Yes that’s right. “It’s honestly a bit different because it didn’t win first place as soon as it came out~”

There Ryu Cheong-woo gently reprimands Cha Yu-jin.

“Ravin probably means that there is no need to take a path that is too difficult. “Both you and we are uncomfortable.”

I don’t think there’s any need for me to open my mouth at this rate.

“Boo…”

Cha Yu-jin reluctantly accepted the majority decision.

‘So except for Cha Yu-jin… you want to change everyone?’

I looked around and gathered my thoughts.

possible way.

“First of all it is difficult to hasten a comeback. “We also have a music video schedule.”

“That’s right we also pull out our teasers separately. “No matter how much I stretch I think a week is the limit.”

And even if we pulled it out if we got one week of music broadcasting VTIC would push in and that would be the end.

“okay. So the main thing to consider is to put it off…”

Liu Chengwu added his words carefully.

“The company said August or September.”

“Hmm.”

Are we going to lose more than a month until the end of the year?

‘It’s already difficult to beat VTIC in terms of performance so I think it’s dangerous.’

Still it is a stable choice in terms of avoiding bigger risks. At least you can win first place on a music show for about 2-3 weeks.

But I was in trouble.

‘You must avoid choices that will damage the route to the destination.’

Here I want to choose a date that will be more beneficial to the grand prize than winning first place on a music show.

But this… you can only speak out if there is a clear alternative.

‘Normally I just pick August and end it here.’

I tried to get the word out before the trend solidified in that direction.

It was then.

“But I don’t want to put it off that much.”

“…!”

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth first.

“Really?”

“Why why?”

“It would be nice to easily win first place on a music show right now but in the long run I think it would be better to go as we planned.”

The guy smiled coolly.

“I should try to win the grand prize this year.”

no way.

‘That… ’

“Oh~ bro!”

“That’s a great ambition.”

“I like that too!”

It was well-received because it was said by a guy who doesn’t often make such remarks.

And I was convinced after making eye contact with him.

‘You’re giving me the right push.’

He took my words seriously that he had to win the grand prize.

‘good.’

Then it was definitely easy for me to talk about it.

“Then if we think about preserving our existing schedule as much as possible… let’s analyze the expected grades.”

I started organizing things with a pen on paper instead of the whiteboard that Keun Se-jin had taken over.

“First of all VTIC’s album has a shorter period of time than us and since it is a repackage it will not rise dramatically.”

You would have known that annual leave was also called annual leave without having to add it.

“Then let’s assume 1.93 million copies based on the previous work.”

That’s a scary number.

“yes. And we…”

If we manage the initial testa well we can expect up to 1.3 million.

In fact this is also an insane sales volume.

‘Baekman is not even your dog’s name.’

Still there is an unavoidable gap.

“…If we cut it to 1.3 million it will be difficult for the album to keep up.”

“hmm…”

But it doesn’t end here.

“But our music comes out better.”

“Oh right.”

Testa had an advantage over other male idols. Popularity.

This is thanks to the fact that while adhering to a conceptual concept they release an easy-listening song at least once every two times and have caught several popular solo entertainment shows.

‘Of course I can’t deny that I owe a lot to starting with ‘Azusa’.’

In any case the long-term performance of the sound source is also something to look forward to.

“So if another major singer doesn’t join us when we and the VTIC seniors come out together we will be left out in the first week and from the second week onwards…”

Oh wait.

If you go like this…

“…!”

“Why Mundae?”

I looked through what I had written down. And then I realized.

‘I see.’

When I debuted I saw a point that I couldn’t see because I was buried in the fact that we had to deal with a lot of simultaneous releases.

Now we… weren’t debuting.

I answered almost unconsciously.

“Let’s go in with VTIC on our tail.”

“Uh huh?”

“You just have to postpone it for one week. then…”

Bae Se-jin intervened.

“Wait a minute then it’s the same as when we debuted.”

That’s the point.

“no. “The incident is the same but the situation has changed.”

I turned the paper towards Bae Se-jin.

“After VTIC’s initial release the second week’s supply is now our first-time winner.”

“…!”

“As for the music charts… once they enter and stabilize the graph will fall similarly. Maybe we should go a little higher.”

I wrote down the comparison on paper.

[record]

VTIC (Week 2) &lt; Testa (Week 1)

[sound source]

VTIC (Week 2) ? Testa (Week 1) (Expected to do well based on existing graph)

Just looking at it it looks like it will win on music shows.

‘This cannot be overturned even by broadcast scores.’

We’ll be making a comeback on Monday and starting radio promotions from then!

The amount of mentions on social media and the number of views of the music video do not decrease as it is the first week.

Now we too are in the first division.

“The composition is exactly the same as when we debuted but this time we will just eat it for the first week.”

This is a huge image benefit.

“And it doesn’t matter if there are ups and downs from week three onwards. No as long as you don’t get pushed out at all it’s an unconditional benefit.”

Big Sejin nodded.

“Hmm you’re saying that we’ve grown so much that now we can’t fall behind even if we’re up against VTIC seniors?”

“yes.”

Following the simultaneous release with Younglin in January we are starting to solidify our weight class.

This time we can compete by releasing it at the same time as a target level product in the same industry.

‘If you add the story comparison to the time of debut it is narratively good and will definitely become a hot topic.’

SNS and articles will be pouring in saying that this is a sign of a generational change.

That’s what we’re aiming for.

‘It’s almost impossible to beat VTIC on this year’s album anyway. There is Youngrin in the sound source.’

In that case there is one item worth challenging for those of us who have an advantage in balance in the first place.

[Singer of the Year Award]

Since she is a singer who was a ‘trend’ this year the award ceremony goes to the picture where she receives ‘public opinion awards’.

‘All of our music albums have the highest scores so there won’t be anything else to say.’

It was a gamble but it was worth a try.

“But you know that VTIC fans will really hate it if you do this right?”

“Is that so?”

“I guess so right? “I feel like I’m being used.”

That was something I had to endure.

The topicality of this two-strong structure inevitably brings backlash and fatigue.

“Ugh I think Loser fans will have a hard time too…”

“hmm.”

Actually it won’t matter if my grades come out with VTIC as I expected. Because the taste of mulberry will be stronger than the fatigue.

‘Isn’t it good for fandom unity?’

It was almost time for the new season of Azusa to end. I think it would be a good idea to designate VTIC as an external enemy just in time for internal division to occur again.

And when my thoughts reached this point unexpected support fire came.

“If we do well it’s OK! No need to worry. Bro we’re doing well! “I love the fans!”

This is Cha Yu-jin.

It seems like this guy is just randomly shouting OK to being able to work quickly without delaying the schedule…

“What about us? “Hyung are we good at this?”

“Ugh. “Wow we’re good at it…!”

“That’s what I say!”

There was no one like him when it came to pushing. I opened my mouth while watching Cha Yu-jin suddenly condemn Sun Ah-hyun as a pro-choice fan.

‘No matter what it doesn’t work like that.’

We all had to think about it and then agree. We can’t give up the possibility of division after a comeback for no reason.

“I’m just saying what I think but I think some people will disagree. “How about we each think about it a bit and then raise our hands.”

“It’s okay.”

I proposed a majority vote and the members readily agreed.

And after a while.

“…”

“Oh unanimous~”

Surprisingly an agreement was reached without a single dissenting vote.

‘This works?’

I thought I would need some persuasion.

And those who were thought to have opposing opinions opened their mouths one by one and expressed their reasons.

“I don’t think there’s any need to be scared… I think it’s right for the fans if we do well…!”

“Conceptually I came to the conclusion that I would not be able to fully showcase the charm of this song if it came out at the end of the summer. Dae-hyung Moon this is an excellent judgment.”

The last one is Bae Se-jin.

“…Now that I think about it delaying our schedule just because another group shows up seems like losing without even fighting.”

“…”

Is that so?

Bae Se-jin slightly avoided his eyes. Liu Chengwu finished speaking with a smile.

“I’m saying that because I’ve never suffered any loss by listening to you.”

“…”

This is it. I nodded while rubbing the back of my neck.

“Then let’s just keep going like this.”

“good!”

So we tentatively agreed on a comeback date.

However there was a question in my head. Cheongryeo’s dyed hair and strict confidentiality.

‘What on earth does VTIC bring?’

And even if I didn’t want to know this I would soon find out.

This is because VTIC released the first teaser just two weeks later.

* * *

[A cataclysm in the music industry in July… A huge male idol group aims for the throne.]

In mid-June social media was turned upside down when even Testa revealed news of a comeback in July.

The office worker who runs Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin’s twin home was conducting research and checking the activities of the biggest competitor.

-It creeps into the same month lol.

-I think I turned around after seeing my kids renew their contracts because it was 5 years old.

‘It’s obvious.’

An office worker who checked VTIC’s anonymous fan site clicked his tongue saying that it was going to be a tiring month.

‘Why on earth am I so upset that I can’t come out in July?’

This is because everyone is preparing some great summer song.

‘I don’t know why we’re so obsessed with seasonal songs when we’re a fandom anyway.”

The only good thing was the extra profit he could make by selling VTIC data with overlapping schedules so the office worker decided to use a calculator.

‘I feel like I’ve lost touch with this company and that company. No T1 originally had no sense.’

And that day a teaser for VTIC appeared.

[VTIC – ‘HELP’ Official M/V Teaser]

“…!!”

An office worker’s head becomes full of exclamation marks.

‘This… ’

It was definitely a summer special.

However the keywords targeted were different.
