---
title: "Chapter 287"
category: "book"
index: 286
section: "Chapter 287"
slug: "287"
---

# Chapter 287

V.Tik’s teaser started with an ominous siren sound and an old-fashioned four-legged bathtub.

Weeeeeee~

‘hmm?’

Office workers watching the teaser were briefly puzzled saying it was an unsuitable combination.

The sound of the siren slowly subsides and its place is filled with the sound of water drops falling into the bathtub.

Tok-.

Tok-.

A screen in a white marble tile with only a black bathtub.

The moment when the siren disappears and only the sound of water drops remains.

Sweet.

The image passes by.

A red candle a sign of silence by placing the index finger near the mouth an old book a virus structure a drop of blood an ominous sign.

Tok-.

And the last one… is the man’s feet entering the bathtub.

Incredible sense of speed and symbolism.

After those flashback-like image cuts I thought the brief silence and black screen would help me catch my breath.

The elegant and soft sound of string instruments fills the screen.

[Woo~ Woowoo Woowoo]

A cappella like humming.

At the same time the screen lit up.

It was a cut of the bathtub I just saw…

“…!”

Before I knew it the bathtub was half broken and rising into the air. The solid figure that grabbed the body as if squeezing it was raising the bathtub.

It was an intensely carved dark-green cephalopod with eight tentacles.

The camera focuses on the dangerous inside of the bathtub.

There was a figure lying there up to his neck submerged in water.

It was a blue girl with silver hair. Perhaps because of the screen light the reflected light appeared green.

‘dyeing??’

Before the viewer can think any further. Cheongnyeo opened her eyes.

[What I don’t understand is

You can forget it

[This moment requires understanding]

A minor melody gently surrounds the screen and light flows down from the broken ceiling onto the bathtub.

Light pours down on Cheongryeo’s languid face.

‘Look at your face.’

It was around this time that office workers felt reflexive admiration at the slightly touching cut.

Cuts of the other three members slowly flowed and appeared on the screen.

[Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh]

Chae-yul holding his index finger to his mouth in front of a huge stained glass Shin-oh holding a candle in a dark hallway and Ju-dan wearing a black robe over his head in the forest.

And then the screen of Cheongryeo submerged in water in the bathtub came back.

The final verse ends with a graceful cut and a whispering bass note with the singer lying down with his head submerged in water.

[Blow out the candle right]

Pot.

An empty bathtub falls alone from thin air.

“…!”

There is no trace of the cephalopod’s legs that were used to support it. Just before it hit the floor and shattered into pieces.

At that moment the screen stops.

And ominous black letters are engraved on it.

[He got a Permission to Explore my Land]

The sentence becomes a title by rearranging only the uppercase initials.

[HELP]

And the moment the last letter is turned over.

[HELL]

The sound of a bathtub being smashed echoed across the black screen.

“…”

That’s how the video ended.

“ah.”

The office worker was about to respond vocally for a moment but consciously stopped.

But the brain already knew. It was impossible not to know when I saw the updated real-time reactions.

-OMG is it real?

-You crazy guys.

-no what

-I’m doing all of V-Tik this year too.

VTIC came up with a crazy title with a concept that would make their fans crazy.

It even has a cool horror feel that’s perfect for summer.

“…I’ll make good money.”

The office worker was hit hard while making an estimate.

And I wanted to ask the idol I caught.

I thought it would be nice if a slump album that would slow down the upward trend would not come out now.

‘Why on earth did you bring a season song to this situation?’

* * *

“…”

I browsed social media.

-I almost had trouble breathing

-I love it so much I’m going crazy. Please let’s keep it like this the song concept.

– V-Tik must keep the firm belief that the teaser is not a fraud.

-Aren’t you prone to this mannerism of neglecting annual leave management? There’s no way around it haha V-Tik is a professional idol~

These are reactions to the VTIC teaser.

It’s not like they’re just plastering it all over the air for the sake of public opinion but you can see that the fans are truly thrilled and running around with excitement.

“hmm.”

The song definitely caught on well.

Just by looking at it you can see that the horror concept has been refined to the limit so that it is not crude and thick layers have been built up.

‘I think they even made it look like a finale to people who listened to the previous album.’

The advantages of repackaging were also utilized to the maximum.

Thanks to this song the concept of the previous album was completely turned over giving room for a new interpretation.

I heard it’s some kind of 20th century cosmic horror concept but it seems to have worked well in that it’s not a one-dimensional sweet special.

-The timing is perfect for my previous album Broadway. Cthuluk hahaha.

-Cosmic horror concept Idol with 10 years of experience? Isn’t this something that only exists in 2D?

-I can already hear the overseas fans going crazy. They like this kind of thing more than us haha.

-It’s like an otaku and the original intention shines through.

The moment Teaser 2 which focuses on choreography was announced public opinion took off once more.

‘Sophisticated.’

The demands that the public would expect from a popular idol are met in almost every respect.

Camera work that goes into the right place at the right time strong formation using dancers group dance costumes that are not overly experimental.

The popularity seems to neutralize the first teaser which is conceptual to the extreme.

‘I thought the vocals were weak.’

The sound range was also well adjusted to make it easy to listen to. It means I didn’t just eat it.

To sum up… this is an activity that will have fans clapping and cheering.

‘There is no such thing as a fluke.’

I chuckled. Anyway I guessed this from the moment I saw the dyed blue ryeo.

Still I thought I might lose my senses as I was just leaving but as I became less cautious the song became more interesting.

‘hmm.’

“Mundae let’s stop watching~ We’re too busy looking at ours~”

“okay.”

When I heard the sound stopping me I obediently turned the smartphone screen.

“exorcism!”

If you keep watching people who have the same behavior you can’t change it and it will only make your mind more complicated.

But actually I’m not that nervous.

‘They don’t overlap.’

This is because as a latecomer the areas I was most wary of have disappeared.

The concept genre these guys were aiming for has a completely different feel from ours.

However it seems that there was someone who thought deeply about this detail by detail.

This is because Bae Se-jin said this after the schedule that day was over.

“Hey is this okay?”

“yes?”

“I’m talking about our teaser. “I feel a little…”

“iced coffee.”

If you just look at the teaser… you’ll know what I’m trying to say. I nodded.

“I think it’ll be okay.”

“…are you sure?”

“yes. Rather it will be beneficial. “No matter what the reaction is it will ultimately become a hot topic.”

If public opinion is going to be overturned anyway it is just a build-up to increase the stakes.

And a few days later VTIC’s music video was released two days before our first teaser.

* * *

VTIC’s music video was a masterpiece that maximized the feeling of the teaser and mixed it with a slightly more sad and sexy feel.

The ominous occult element pays homage to the colorful and laid-back Broadway scenes of the previous album creating a creepy cut to heighten the tension.

Above all it was cool without being childish or breaking the mood.

-This should be passed down as cultural heritage.

-I can only express it this way and it is deplorable. VTIC is God.

-We’re all getting old so it’s too much.

└Are you saying you are old to the kids who haven’t even been to the military yet… are you their fan? haha

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I can see the subject!

-It’s really amazing to be held in check during this year. How big are you planning to grow? Haha.

A flood of reaction videos and positive reviews from fans.

The reactions that were initially thought to be ‘the song is too flashy and difficult’ were reversed as time went by. This is because the sound source had good staying power.

-Muggles also caught on. What should I do now that the chanting is so popular?

-Namdol being on the charts with a song like this is something only V-Tik can do.

└Beep! This is a comment that will be deleted once the test comes out.

└Yes? Is this the group that pushes easy listening into each album because they want to somehow seem popular?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Good grades had the power to turn negative public opinion into consideration.

Their fans became more repulsed by the news of Testa’s comeback due to the VTIC-like title which did not betray expectations but exceedingly satisfied them.

Even if they hadn’t announced their activities so closely they would have enjoyed VTIC’s activities without worry.

-The rude + stupid combo is really crazy.

-Don’t worry it’ll be number 1 for a week and then disappear.

-I think it’s disgusting because the strategy is visible.

But the general public had fun.

A great clash between top weight class male idols!

Isn’t it so fun to compare and evaluate no matter who wins?

Some quick-moving agencies even hastened the comeback of idols with little recognition. This was probably the time when the music broadcast viewership ratings were the highest this year.

-Testa teaser will be released soon

-Ah fun haha

-You don’t even know it’s coming out because it’s buried in V-Tik? Hahaha

└Seeing how this is going on every day I don’t think that will happen.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋ ㅅㅂ

And when Testa’s teaser finally came out even people who would normally have skipped the teaser clicked on it.

Because I want to compare it to VTIC!

However at this time people had already given the decision to VTIC so they clicked on the video with a more desperate heart.

Sweet!

[TeSTAR ‘Promise’ Official Concept Teaser]

And indeed ambiguous responses began to flow.

-???

-hmm

The video was a short exploration from a first-person perspective swimming through the deep sea and rising to the surface.

A slow bass and string accompaniment without the main melody sounded.

The video was dark and had a calm deep background sound… It even looked strangely similar to VTIC’s teaser.

-It’s like an experiential VR game.

-Uhm

-It’s fascinating.

-Am I the only one who thinks of V-TIK? LOL

And after some time social media and communities were covered with harsh criticism.

It seemed like a similar branch to VTIC but it wasn’t as impressive.

It made me want to pour out harsher evaluations and ridicule.

-That’s the normal stuff I always listen to. It’s like an otaku.

-Yes I can feel the backward compatibility of VTIK just by looking at the teaser.

-These guys are now stereotypes. Just doing what they do and going on tour is an unstoppable trend. Get ready.

-I think the song is good~ But the concept feels the same.

-Well this is why it doesn’t really matter that there is a producing member in the group but at this point I’m starting to lose my sense of it. It’s a shame.

The reviews were so cruel that fans froze. There must have been some determined VTIC fans among them but the general public opinion was clear anyway.

-It’s a check so it’s better not to worry too much and just go.

-If you try to do this you may experience things turning upside down once or twice but we will get by just doing what we have to do.

-You don’t have to worry about buying it really. Let’s prepare for streaming during that time.

Although there were anonymous accounts running around excitedly saying things like ‘Testa has already failed’ the majority of fans remained silent and waited for the next piece of cake.

This was because of the trust that had been built up over the years.

If nothing else the quality of Testa’s albums has never been poor!

And a week later.

Testa’s real music video has been released.

-Music video

-Horror again? Haha

However people’s expectations were spectacularly wrong.

The thumbnail for the Testa music video was a beautiful white sandy beach with blue waves. It had the feel of a typical bright summer season song.

-???

-Is it so bright?? lol

It was a teaser scam!

No at this moment everyone thought it was a teaser scam.

People were a bit confused and clicked on the video.
