---
title: "Chapter 288"
category: "book"
index: 287
section: "Chapter 288"
slug: "288"
---

# Chapter 288

Testa’s music video started with a blue sea like the thumbnail.

However the timing was different.

Not outside the sea but inside the sea.

The blue sea close to the surface seems to be a continuation of the teaser that came up from the deep sea.

‘Oh that’s why the teaser…?’

It took a while for people to realize.

Eventually the sight protruding from the sparkling water surface appears.

[Ahyeon!]

I heard my name being called. When the screen turned I saw a person running from the sandy beach with waves over there.

This is Lee Se-jin smiling brightly and wearing short-sleeved shorts.

[ruler!]

A wet Inyoung soon submerged up to her waist in the sea held out her hand.

[…]

A white hand reached out from behind the screen and grabbed it.

[Take your STAR

A day when the stars are pouring down

Kicking the waves and running

[Run and Fly to the sky]

After the clear high-pitched lyrics rang out alone.

The accompaniment comes in as if dancing.

The combination of hi-hats which sound like applause and the cheerful drum accordion electronic sounds created a cool sound.

Then the cut changes to show Testa going about his daily life during the summer.

Cha Yu-jin’s rhythmic vocals came through.

[Yes today would be good

Even if the sunlight makes my face blush

Because the wind cools me down

I want to go meet you today]

Park Moon-dae sitting in the office Rae-bin Kim doing an assignment with a laptop Yu-jin Cha serving Se-jin Lee a staff member at the amusement park…

The initial story was that the members passing by one cut at a time gathered together and went to the sea.

It was a classic summer song concept.

‘It’s typical but there’s a reason it works.’

Office worker Twin Homma who had been anxiously waiting for the video was a little discouraged by the cliché but was also relieved.

Because there seemed to be no direct comparison with VTIC.

[My heart rushes in like the sea

Memories pile up like sand

I’m fine with that

[Dip it in the Ocean]

In the video Testa who went on a trip one after another finally kidnapped Park Moon-dae from the office and burned him.

Park Mun-dae who seemed to be in a daze smiled faintly and the yellow bus ran toward the sea.

[Take your STAR

A day when the stars are pouring down

sailing island in the sky

We fly so far]

And the guys who arrived at the beach jump out of the car and meet Sun Ah-hyun and the chorus comes in again.

Point choreography at the beach barefoot wearing jeans and a white t-shirt.

It is a choreography that uses cool agile and good-looking rocking.

It’s easy to listen to and fun to watch.

‘It’s a real summer song.’

Everyone who was watching nodded their heads.

The members on screen had the familiar hair color they had when they debuted.

Those choices which evoke a strange sense of nostalgia bring out the exciting yet faint feeling of summer.

Moreover because the clothes were light and the beach was set it seemed like it would sufficiently satisfy the demand for sexiness…

‘Is it healthy refreshing and sexy?’

The office worker nodded somewhat satisfied this time saying it was like an advertisement for an ionic beverage.

And before you know it evening has arrived on the screen.

Cuts of the members’ choreography intersect with cuts of them sitting on the beach and making a campfire.

[Life is short and songs are long

mirrors that reflect each other

Inside I promise again

Today is today.]

The moment the rap part which is easy to listen to ends in sync the interlude disappears.

And the sound of the recorded screen not the song rings through the speakers.

[…]

The sound of sparks popping. The sound of the sea. The sound of fabric rubbing against each other.

Testa who was sitting around the campfire smiled and exchanged glances with each other then glanced around to confirm that no one was there.

and.

[Hey~!]

[Whisk!]

jump into the sea

“…??”

A bit of a sudden and aggressive acquisition.

with a plop.

The sound of laughter fills the screen along with the sound of water splashing.

‘what.’

It was around the time when office workers were starting to cool down wondering if it was an artificially touching scene.

The moment Sun Ah-hyun who was swimming with a smile lies down as if doing backstroke something light purple scatters water droplets from underneath the water.

Divided in two…

“…!!”

-???

-tail?

-what

Real-time comments flooded in and the office worker looked at the screen again.

A curve of another color briefly appears above the water and disappears…

mermaid?

“ah.”

The scales sparkle in the darkening sea and reflect the light of the sunset.

The members went deeper and deeper into the sea. Their arms splash water on each other and their tails splash on the water.

[haha!]

The film color and camera work were more like an independent film than a Hollywood children’s film so the scene felt like a kind of human documentary.

And the moment they suddenly dive into the sea.

[Wooow~]

Briefly the screen becomes fantastical.

The moment the glowing tail entered the water the colorful hair that changed flashed on the screen and intersected with a series of cuts. Schools of small fish and seaweed pass by in the clear sea.

It is the ecstasy of the sea.

slam!

And out of the water again.

Returning to reality against the background of the dark beach sea the wet members smile and point to the sky.

Peeing!

Fireworks exploded.

Yellow fireworks bursting into the dark purple sky after the sunset.

And the cheering members in the sea.

It was at that exact moment that the song returned.

[Mood twinkling like stars

Come with me I promise

Make you fly

To the last island beyond the horizon

Today will shine]

Wearing more stage costume decoration than before

The members filled the last chorus with a spectacular group dance at the beach.

The robe’s fabric and bracelet decorations were reflected in the string of mini light bulbs scattered along the beach.

It was a brilliant ending.

[…]

The music video ended with Sun Ah-hyun leaving the beach with a smiling face after the summer putting a group photo of them in a suitcase.

However the office worker remained seated.

“…”

Office workers first tried to anticipate various situations – VTIC comparison of performance trends fans’ reactions on stage etc. – but instinct won out.

She played the video again feeling a little dazed.

‘Well… it seems like there was a lot of foreshadowing.’

It was a reflex action.

Meanwhile her SNS timeline was being updated at a scary rate.

* * *

Testa’s music video bounced back as the teaser response was a failure.

[Refreshing male idol lineage appears again. Yes I’m talking about Testa]

[Mermaid Concept Tester Crazy]

[Idol whose music video is gaining crazy views in real time]

[Test of light V-Tik composition of darkness established]

It was a completely different concept than expected but the people who watched the music video cheered at the pleasant exception they encountered by twisting it one more time.

I thought ‘At this level the quality is not inferior to VTIC’ and the concept of contrasting the two rather than directly comparing them was interesting.

It was an effect of positioning.

-Ah K-pop is fun this summer haha.

-The best time for japdeok

-Wow how did you both choose the songs so well? K-pop is awesome.

-Isn’t this something you can reminisce about for ten years from now? lol

And fans were busy digesting the music video right away.

-Abs… I can’t believe this is reality.

-No it’s really the best summer. It’s really the best summer of my life.

-Jumping into the sea wow silhouette

-Shoulders wow (GIF file)

-I guess they all worked out so they are very confident haha.

-Yes thank you very much. dissatisfaction? die

The visual beauty and revealing visual elements were consumed like crazy but the story also played a part.

This is because upon closer inspection there were many very meaningful aspects as if only one key shot of a very large setting was shown.

-Ahhhh so that’s what the teaser was like it was from a mermaid’s point of viewㅠㅠㅠ

└Huh

└That’s right I think it’s true that mermaids came up from the deep sea. I guess it’s only Ahyun’s first time living on land.

└I went crazy so Big Se came to meet me hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha you perverts!

In addition Testa’s concept photos released the day after the music video was released hinted at the story behind the music video making fans more excited.

-It looks like the kids in this contest have jobs on the mainland but only Ahyeon is a traveler. As expected Tornado Potato’s hypothesis seems to be correct (popcorn)

-A mermaid who works as a librarian on land? Isn’t it perfect with Bae Se-jin? Stop composing hamchi and just look at the glasses (capture)

-Cheongwoo did you choose the police yourself? It was a truly excellent choice thank you…

-Crazy crazy this is a mermaid conformation. If you look at it like this with jewelry on your hand it looks like webbed feet. (Concept photo with a red line added)

The majority of fans were very satisfied as there were no regrets. I also understood that Testa could not possibly postpone its schedule.

-This has to be done in the middle of summer.

Because it’s a summer mermaid concept!

Of course if you are not a fan there were many people who showed resistance to the mermaid concept of the music video itself which is the starting point for these elements.

This is because I had the sensibility to become childish and manic if I made even one mistake.

And no matter how perfectly the content was extracted the standards for ‘one inch’ were different for each person so there was no choice but to tolerate some likes and dislikes.

Especially in a situation where it was released at the same time as its biggest competitor like Testa.

There were people who were intentionally making fun of Testa’s mermaid every time saying that it felt raw compared to VTIC’s sophisticated horror.

-Oh it really went too far.

-I don’t buy male mermaids.

-It seemed like it was a flash in the pan while filming and I thought it was a renewal of dark history haha.

-The moment the mermaid appears you feel your blood run cold.

-The response from overseas and domestic schools is good but here they are acting like idiots. Ugh.

Several times a day there were arguments about the ‘mermaid concept’.

But actually it had nothing to do with grades.

After all the general public is more likely to see a song performed on stage rather than a music video.

And Testa’s latest song is armed with refreshing easy listening and a liveliness that makes anyone want to follow the choreography without overdoing it.

‘If you dig deep you’ll become maniacal; if you enjoy it lightly you’ll become popular.’

It was a structure completed through thorough calculations to somehow maximize both advantages.

And to make sure there were no mistakes in this calculation formula Testa pulled out the scores.

-Wow 500000 copies were sold in just half a day. That’s a self-record.

– Ranked 72nd with 24 hits… Almost similar to VTIC. Has the domestic fandom caught up? ㄷㄷㄷ

-Does Testa have better sound retention? I’ll come back soon and turn the tables.

└Shut up and be quiet

└Tika is having a seizure haha.

└Yes I’m a lover. Don’t use my kids to criticize you.

A mixture of confusion and excitement made related internet sites and social media sites almost like a dumping ground.

And on Thursday. Before the day of the first music broadcast Testa was already trailing VTIC by a few steps on the music charts.

-If a sex room comes out things could really turn upside down.

-Isn’t it possible to get compared and go to hell?ㅠ Either way is fun.

-V-Tik’s initial release was 2 million copies so it would be very unfair if this unprecedented situation were to be overturned ㅠ I’m sure the two will fight right?

-Don’t worry about these vulgar bastards I hope both groups achieve success. Good luck Idol.

The good news for both is that since the genres did not overlap it was rare for one of the two to be chosen by the public due to its comparative advantage.

The two did not openly take the pie from each other but on the outside they both looked like winners keeping each other in check behind the scenes and building up their results fiercely.

Of course VTIC’s performance in the first week was ridiculously good but the momentum of the testa was so good and the image advantage given to the challenger that the composition was gradually solidified.

-Does T-Net music come out right after the testa?

-Starting this week the two activities overlap.

-Guys pack some popcorn.

-I’m both good people♡ You should watch the live broadcast

And finally the first live broadcast of a music program in which the two appeared together began.
