---
title: "Chapter 289"
category: "book"
index: 288
section: "Chapter 289"
slug: "289"
---

# Chapter 289

Inside the waiting room before the live broadcast of Tnet’s music broadcaster MusicBOMB.

“Would you like something to drink Mundaedo?”

“Some water.”

I volunteered to take water from Big Sejin who was distributing drinks and continued monitoring.

Because I still had some free time.

‘First of all an album.’

The album trend is as expected… no inflation is a bit more severe than expected.

Both VTIC and Testa.

‘Is it a competitive mentality?’

[TeSTAR “The Ocean of Wonder” – 1 317 215]

I can’t believe we’ve already surpassed 1.3 million copies.

I looked at the album sales which exceeded the expected number in just four days in awe and thought about VTIC’s first week sales and stopped to think for a moment.

Are there crazy people who sell over 2 million copies in the first week of repackage albums?

‘It’s quite easy to make.’

In order to appear to be on par with these guys in this situation we had to check our numbers more carefully.

I checked the music charts.

[7th place VTIC HELP]

[9th place Testa – Promise]

We are closely following the daily rankings. 24Hit is already in trouble and there is a high probability that it will turn over in the near future.

This is because the response to this song was as good as expected.

Since it’s easy listening and has a good sense of season people who had previously listened to Testa’s songs seemed to immediately add them to their playlist.

‘Good to listen to while driving.’

And it had enough topicality to attract new listeners. There was some interest from releasing it simultaneously with VTIC but…

“I definitely think Ahyun suits her best here.”

“Is that so? I think Ahyeon would look good even if she had a real mermaid tail~”

“I have enough tails! “We don’t do that!”

“Hey Eugene your tail didn’t even appear in the music video~”

“haha.”

hmm. That virtue is definitely there.

The mermaid concept exploded aggro.

‘Once you hear the word it’s a bit shocking… ’

Existing fans are very familiar with how we make videos but when they just heard it they had a rough idea of what it would sound like to say ‘You’re dressed up as a mermaid in a music video!’

‘It’s either an animation for children or a B-grade movie.’

First of all… if you think about regular CG doesn’t the angle come out roughly?

-Testa Mermaid concept is revealed

└Mermaid? That mermaid that lives in the sea? did i hear wrong

However if you are really attracted to the aggro and click on the music video the mermaid only appears briefly and not long after.

It’s not CG but actually made animatronic tails and only the ends were inserted into the middle of the cut scene to make them look like the members’ tails.

Just enough to make you understand that the short-sleeved guys playing in the water at the beach at sunset are a mermaid concept.

‘If I were to be honest… it’s closer to an art film in its sensibility.’

People who clicked expecting to see a real topless Testa with a full body of glitter and a CG tail were practically hooked.

-?? Well it’s better than I thought.

-It’s just a well-made gambling music video but they poured a lot of capital into it.

-Does that tail fin mean she’s a mermaid? Oh I understand.

-Santal… It’s the size of Cheongwoo. Yes I understand… I can be satisfied with the silhouette.

It became a good internet story to see people who were attracted to aggro leaving in confusion saying that it was surprisingly good. Thanks to this the number of views on the music video continued to rise.

And word of mouth is spreading that the song is good which is helping a lot with the music.

‘Of course… Still it’s hard to avoid likes and dislikes.’

-I love mermaids. Best concept.

└That’s not it

-Take it out and give it back. Fuck mermaids aren’t real…

└Then just watch the stage.

└I’m sorry but I’m writing this because I’m scared that a mermaid will appear on stage. Please watch this T-One bastards.

There were various reactions swirling from people like this to those who were expecting a real mermaid costume to be disappointed but in any case if the majority is positive it is a success. Rather it becomes noise marketing.

‘I took this arrangement into consideration.’

When you look back a few years later the music video isn’t so bad that it becomes a black mark so it’s not something you’ll regret.

Actually I thought about only giving the mermaid as a hint… but I thought that wouldn’t be enough for aggro.

‘I needed impact.’

If we had just gone with the easy travel concept we would never have been able to create the composition of VTIC and Yanggang.

The amount of mention changes.

‘Image is ultimately a battle of momentum.’

Testing popularity It was ambiguous to frame the fandom as a VTIC because we were not as popular as Younglin.

Moreover the concept that VTIC came up with this time was working even better overseas.

I remembered the time I had just encountered them in the hallway.

-Hello Testa juniors!

-It’s been a while since I actually saw you~

The VTIC guys were fools but they smiled and asked how we were doing and we had a reasonably friendly conversation.

‘There were so many staff and singers coming and going that we had no choice but to be in harmony.’

And among the well-wishes we received was this.

-Congratulations on placing 2nd on the Billboard album chart. Seniors~! Respect!

-Ahaha thank you!

These guys entered the Billboard chart by updating their rankings.

It turns out that the strange cosmic horror concept is a well-known worldview with a considerable tradition and scale in foreign countries.

Thanks to this the fandom has grown strongly there and the American schedule seems to be tight. I guess they were aiming for it.

‘If this is widely covered in the media it could be pushed out as an issue of promoting national prestige… ’

Before that I’m just glad that I managed to secure at least trendy popularity through mermaid aggro.

I shrugged and stopped reminiscing.

Because the conclusion was obvious.

‘In the end I have to perform well on stage.’

The current interest needs to be raised once more on the stage. Only then can this tight structure be maintained.

I put down my smartphone. Ryu Cheong-woo who had been accepting Kim Rae-bin’s criticism of Cha Yu-jin turned his head and asked.

“Stretching?”

“yes.”

Soon it was time for the live broadcast.

Testa’s order is third from the back.

Next to us is a female group with quite a bit of experience… and the last one is of course VTIC.

Wow!!

I think both sides probably had the intention of arranging it this way to avoid direct comparisons but since they share a concert hall anyway it doesn’t mean much.

‘There are a lot.’

I lined up to see VTIC and Testa’s fans almost split apart standing under the stage.

There are many cases where the pre-recorded part of the live broadcast stage is not performed or is only appropriately selected but it is because the audience is so focused that they end up working hard.

‘This is also filmed as a direct cam and circulated around.’

When we got on stage we waved our hands and then formed a group.

The first is a performance-type sub song using chairs that is close to Latin pop.

[Como tu dulce y amargo café

my love]

Cha Yu-jin takes charge of the Spanish refrain and adds flashy choreography and vocals.

‘It has increased.’

There are more songs in that one.

The thought of checking the status window briefly crossed my mind but it disappeared the moment I realized I was on stage.

[Your heart blooms like charm smoke in the hot air]

I sang the melody part at the beginning of the second verse. After performing the choreography of turning and jumping they slide to the side grab a chair and change formation.

And Raebin Kim sings and raps alone while sitting on a chair.

After that successfully clear the second verse refrain and the final climax.

Adrenaline rushes.

“Whoa.”

Ahhh!!

The response is also good.

‘I guess the difficulty level of the performance was difficult here as well.’

I looked down at my feet just before the interlude preparing for the title that would immediately follow.

And without realizing it I chuckled.

There is a bit of an interesting part.

The current outfit is somewhat unbalanced for the sticky sub song.

Because the clothes are worn according to the title that will be broadcast live.

[Take your STAR

A day when the stars are pouring down]

Everyone is wearing jeans and a white t-shirt.

* * *

‘good!’

Park Moon-dae’s first home horse clenched his fist in victory without realizing it when he saw Testa’s first broadcast outfit.

The outfit she liked the most in the music video was the first one so she couldn’t help it.

‘If you don’t like that you don’t have eyes.’

Jeans and a white t-shirt can’t be a bad thing as long as you have a good body!

I guess I exercised with intention this time but the fit was clear even in the light fabric. Almost instinctively she prepared to unclamp.

At the same time the future candidate’s outfits automatically went through my mind.

I’m probably thinking of pushing music video costumes in the first week as well. Work clothes vacation clothes robe-covered beach clothes…

‘…and maybe a mermaid-like outfit at least once?’

However since it is a costume that has never appeared in a music video and the mermaid is only a story concept in the story she quickly gave up on expectations.

‘Looking at the first episode’s selection it looks like they’re planning to keep it pretty without anything experimental. Please let’s stick with that tone until the end.’

The stage begins!

She immediately cleared her mind and focused all her attention on the stage on the screen in front of her.

A refreshing background with blue sky and white sandy beach.

And the stage that unfolds is…

It was like an extremely pure quintessence of the fun of watching and listening.

[Sailing Island in the Sky

We fly so far]

There was no walking movement in the choreography.

In every step whether it’s a slippery run or a bounce there’s always an element of focus and rhythm included.

In addition the genre of the choreography changes depending on the part attracting attention with just the right impressive movements.

For example Lee Se-jin’s bridge features a tango-style kicking movement and Cha Yu-jin’s chorus features rocking.

Meanwhile the margin was created solely by the difference in speed. There is no rest section for anyone.

This means making people watch with fascination so that there is no time to get bored.

[Make you fly!]

“Park Moon-dae!!”

When accompanied by a refreshing live performance it felt like drinking a carbonated drink with ice.

Meanwhile the point choreography that used gestures and gazes in a subtle way during ‘Take your STAR’ stuck to the song like a sticker.

It was extremely catchy.

‘I think the song sounds better thanks to the choreography?’

I thought I would have been impressed if Lee Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin who almost fought because they were trying to put together a draft with only choreography that people would want to follow had heard of it.

However on the screen they are flying around the stage like ghosts looking for the camera and making use of their facial expressions and atmosphere.

As the formation changes the stage takes up time in an instant.

If you come to your senses it’s the ending.

[To the last island beyond the horizon

Today will shine]

Sun Ah-hyun is shown in close-up in a large format that resembles waves using camera work to the limit.

The acrobatics that appear for the first time between emotional vocals and drums are also impressive.

[Umm~ UmmUmm]

Even the members nodding their heads to the last melody and sitting cross-legged were brought to life with highlight choreography.

The song ends with the grinning members each making gestures such as clasping their shoulders or resting their chins.

Well-maintained handsome faces were captured one after another on the screen.

[TeSTAR – Promise]

“her.”

Homma took a deep breath again only after the title appeared on the screen and Park Moon-dae’s ending close-up disappeared.

‘It’s so fun.’

So to conclude…

‘This works.’

I thought it would be a choreography challenge first. Since word of mouth had already spread I could see all kinds of videos already being uploaded with this stage release.

You can tell from the music video that the choreography isn’t crazy difficult but it’s just impressive and addictive.

Just looking at real-time social media similar reactions were pouring in.

– Is it already over?

-You’re really good at it. You’re a mermaid and you have to be good at performing on stage.

-After watching the stage the song sounds better. Is this an auditory hallucination?

-The stage restaurant is particularly delicious.

-I’m going to get sick of watching Tic-Tac-Toe doing things like this with my back and my hands. (Video)

“That’s it.”

The domestic trend that VTIC fans are talking about is Testa!

She predicted the future with satisfaction. And the prediction was to turn out very similar to reality.

However Testa was not the only one who converted the attention into consumption.

* * *

“The joy of bursting music! MusicBOMB~”

“First place this week… Congratulations! VTIC!”

Music broadcast MCs politely hand over bouquets and trophies to VTIC.

It was natural. Today due to the counting period last week’s performance is included and if VTIC is not first it is a manipulation.

“First of all to Tika who supported me until I won this award today…”

I laughed hard and slapped my palm at the guys who said their thoughts on winning first place. Everyone is doing that.

I’m sure there’s no idiot here who can’t manage his facial expressions.

Still I’m probably thinking about various things inside but in my case… yes I guess you could say I’m evaluating it.

‘These guys are definitely good.’

It was my first time watching these guys perform on their title stage properly.

And it was quite… impressive.

‘You’re digging a very well.’

They said that the music video was a culmination of content that their fans would like and the stage had the same tone.

‘Intense and stimulating high quality.’

It’s not like they threw away their popularity but the snake-fighting performance in the intro is clearly intended for the fan base.

‘And his stage skills are so outstanding.’

It’s not for nothing that I’m gaining new fans because of my seniority.

“MusicBOMB! See you again next week!”

I bowed my head to the waving first place guys and came to a conclusion as I got off the stage.

Although the results of this activity are different I don’t think either of us will fall down on stage.

And in fact the response was similar.

In the following weeks Testa continued to climb the music charts through word of mouth and the picks of social platform users.

And eventually it happened.

———————————

[Testa just reversed the V-TIK sound source]

\: Climbed up to 5th place. Testa seems to be at the top when it comes to real male idol music (capture)

———————————

-I’m crazy

-Awesome testa hahahaha

-Honestly the song was chosen very well. I think it’s a good song.

└That was composed by Kim Rae-bin.

└ㅋㅋㅋ You may have seen it once or twice to mention the names of the producing members but at this point they just put their names at the end.

└This is the first time (capture)

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-It’s worth coming in a week late. The album sales are also deceiving.

-I knew it would go well. The performance was really good. The music video story was also good.

-Lucky

└Thermal width

-The atmosphere is really bloody. Are you going to stay like this until the end of the day?

The VTIC and music rankings were reversed.

There was an uproar for a while as they thought it had actually come to a conclusion but it soon subsided. VTIC’s global records continued to be spectacular.

Starting with ‘No. 1 in 76 countries’ interviews and awards ceremony invitations mentions in English and American countries and music video views.

It was enormous.

Thanks to its sparkling status more and more people came to listen to it and VTIC’s title song continued to be at the top of the domestic charts.

This applies not only to the sound source but also to the overall topicality. We ended up being the ones holding out.

‘It’s easy.’

We swept the top rankings this week as planned but it was still unclear how the perception would change in August.

‘Still what’s satisfying is that the two-river system has been solidified.’

Nowadays we rarely see people asking ‘How dare they put Testa on VTIC?’

This tension must be maintained until the end of the year.

I decided to pay attention to that and wait for the decisive end to come.

And so the music broadcast day returns again.

Testa’s 3rd week of comeback music broadcast.

And VTIC’s last domestic music broadcast for this album.

In fact they should have stopped appearing last week but since it was a special feature it seems like Tnet was holding on to their pants.

And I realized that this was the first critical moment.

‘We have to capture public opinion.’

The topic had to explode once again.

However I did not know that I would encounter an unexpected and unpleasant situation in this special feature.

A prospective junior appeared as a special stage guest.

〈Azusa〉 This season’s debut group.
