---
title: "Chapter 290"
category: "book"
index: 289
section: "Chapter 290"
slug: "290"
---

# Chapter 290

We have already participated in this week’s music broadcast special format a few times.

‘Group KPOP concert.’

Tnet held a global concert called ‘TaKon’ every six months.

Well it’s the typical tyranny of a broadcasting company that broadcasts live in dozens of countries and doesn’t have a proper infrastructure but it still looks shiny on the outside.

This time since they got hold of VTIC they seemed to be trying to be ambitious by dividing it into two days and organizing Part 1 and 2.

And Testa… isn’t it obvious? Since Tnet is in the red he has to appear on both days.

However now there are not one but two sons of this broadcasting station.

“Hello senior!”

Day 1. What we met at the rehearsal was the debut group of this season of “Azusa.” From what I heard they were doing a cover performance of our song.

Gold 2’s grinning face can be seen among the guys greeting you energetically.

It’s jaw-dropping to hear that they debuted at number one in such a dramatic way that it barely took any time.

“Senior please give me a lot of guidance~”

“Oh my please take care of us~”

He still gets along well with Keun Se-jin.

Of course this is not the one to pay attention to.

The guy who quietly buried himself earlier when everyone was kissing each other and saying hello.

Chae Seo-dam was in the debut group.

“…”

This is the guy who messed up with Sun Ah-hyun when he was in school and then couldn’t get rid of that habit in Azusa and ended up messing around with it.

‘The strings are also tough.’

Surprisingly this bastard debuted in 10th place after editing the latter part of Idol Inc. to correct his ‘desperate effort to survive’.

It is said that it was only then that the explanation that ‘it was all a misunderstanding’ came out perfectly and captured the hearts of general viewers…

-It sounds like a misunderstanding. A deceiver with a big mouth is in the debut group… Oh I’m so mad.

-Is it possible for idols to coexist with romance and earnestness?

-Chaeseodampads are really disgusting haha. I don’t accept PD picks for forced narratives.

Well for this reason it seems like they are getting a lot of criticism from fans of the same debut group.

‘But debuting is definitely an advantage.’

If you are eliminated due to controversy there will be a difference in your chances to advance.

I don’t know if it’s a coincidence or if it’s just a coincidence but it’s of no use.

Because Sun Ah-hyun hardly cares anymore.

“I’m fighting today…! “I will support you!”

“thank you!

I’m just cheering on other guys.

Since the person involved was like that we just ended up treating this guy like he didn’t exist.

In addition the momentum of this season of &lt;Azusa&gt; slowed down as Chae Seo-dam who was in first place was defeated so this debut group… Hmm they should be good at producing.

‘The general manager?’

I’m not that nervous.

“I hope you don’t be too nervous and have a good performance.”

“yes!”

So all I’m considering now is what we can gain from this unwelcome encounter.

‘As long as I can use it that’s fine.’

That’s topical.

“See you next time!”

The moment we parted ways after saying hello the older Sejin quietly spoke.

“You changed places with them?”

“uh.”

The timer for the first timing has already been set.

“Testa up!”

As I step onto the rehearsal stage the early morning air blows through my nose.

A view of the outdoor stage.

Originally the outdoor concert hall where the debut group of Azusa would go was changed in the name of consideration to ‘remind us of the old days’.

‘Thank you just in time.’

Thanks to you the story will come out well.

I recalled the weather forecast I had checked a few days ago.

The probability of precipitation on the day of the performance was 70%.

* * *

“You bitch!”

“Oh it’s so loud!!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan got up from his seat without even responding to his younger brother’s words. This was after I pounded the keyboard I was using with my fist.

puck!

It was the result of a war of words… or rather a war of fingers with VTIK’s fans.

‘The campaign is going downhill while surviving on winning overseas!!’

Her fighting power which has continued since the donation concert has been on the rise. But now is the time to calm down a bit.

“Hey are you saying you’re watching this?”

“uh. “Get out of the way.”

Without even correcting her tone she pushed her younger brother away and sat down on the sofa telling him to call her sister.

TaKon was broadcasting live on TV.

[NEXT STAGE]

[TeSTAR]

I don’t know how many times that guy’s next stage has been announced but it must be about time. Now the broadcast time is almost over!

And the Testa intro VCR actually plays on the screen.

“Good…??”

However she was speechless when she saw the performance scene captured on camera from afar.

It was so absurd.

“…What is this?”

“why?”

Why?

‘Why are these guys standing on the outdoor stage?’

As TaKon is broadcast live it uses two stages alternately to ensure quick maintenance.

And this time due to problems with the structure of the concert hall the stage was divided into outdoor and indoor areas.

So what usually happens?

Teams are brought into the room in order of seniority and teams that are very popular are invited into the room even if they have less seniority.

So of course I thought the Testa would be indoors…

These guys were standing on an outdoor stage.

Even on a rainy evening!

‘What’s wrong with Daewoo!’

She couldn’t help but feel heat in her head as she complained that there were no hostages and that they had called the 1st team for two days in a row saying it was their line.

For reference there was an almost hellish silence on social media which was overflowing with fans who had already witnessed that the debut group of Azusa was held indoors.

What she didn’t know about while fighting with VTIC’s fans was actually medicine for her.

Because I’m already angry enough!

…Still the moment Testa was close-up Kim Rae-bin’s fans immediately forgot their anger.

‘Whoever’s idol is he’s good.’

The testa came out flawless in every corner.

‘Is Kim Rae-bin’s silver robe crazy?’

The appearance of a colorful robe cardigan over a white shirt probably inspired by a music video costume looks wet and moist…

“…?”

Water… falling on your head?

‘Where’s the lid?’

Even though it is an outdoor stage they provide at least a waterproof screen.

No the weather forecast clearly said it would rain so of course there were curtains prepared for the stages so far.

But suddenly it wasn’t there.

‘For some reason the rain caught my eye…!’

‘These crazy people…!’

She almost cursed but the performance started before she could so she reflexively focused on it.

Testa bounces his feet at the start of a rhythmic and thrilling song.

[Take your STAR

A day when the stars are pouring down]

Refreshing sounds pour out.

Testa didn’t seem to care whether it got wet or not.

No rather when it hits the raindrops a new taste pops out.

‘uh?’

As evening approaches and the lighting becomes stronger the light reflected from the water droplets on the accessories and robes on the feet and arms sparkles.

Hwiik.

Even the splashing water appears to be part of the stage perhaps due to the choreography involving a lot of bouncing and turning of the limbs.

And with every step they took water droplets splashed like decorations.

Below that… bare feet.

‘…!’

I have long legs… or longer…

‘There’s stagnant water right??’

There was a lot of water on the floor probably because the top screen had been removed from the previous indoor stage.

‘Too dangerous… ’

However perhaps because I am barefoot the Testa does not slip.

Instead the stage unfolded as cleanly and pleasantly as if it were performed on dry land.

No it actually looked better.

‘what… ’

Every time I step on it with my bare feet my toes are half submerged and then come out. And the water rings bounce together.

In particular when entering the chorus it is excellent to move up to the point choreography steps.

[We fly so far]

Water gushes out between large formations. And the robe flutters splashing water droplets again.

It catches the eye.

A stage where extravagance overpowers the existing coolness.

All of that was done with wet more presentable costumes and hair so it was no different from a well-planned underwater performance.

‘ah.’

And she realized like a lightning bolt. The color of the robe’s decoration and the color of the gemstone on the limb accessories… is the color of the tail fin in that music video.

A performance wearing a mermaid symbol in flowing water.

‘You did this on purpose?’

For that concept you planned the stage by running around barefoot on a rainy day? The lid blows off too?

This is ridiculous. However Testa’s appearance on TV was so impressive that question marks and exclamation marks filled my mind.

[To the last island beyond the horizon

Today will shine]

The ending approaches with Sun Ah-hyun’s acrobatics drawing a neat vertical droplet parabola.

Thanks to the members supporting them instead of looking nervous they started out with admiration. It is a choreography that catches the eye.

And the motion of sitting down while humming at the end… Instead they turn back with their arms around each other’s shoulders.

[Umm]

It ends with looking up at the rainy sky to the final bass.

And so the stage ended.

“…”

[Turutturu~ The soup is excellent!]

The screen changed to an advertisement. However Raebin Kim’s fans continue to sit on the sofa.

Her younger brother tapped her thigh with his foot.

“Hey are you good at it?”

It’s so good and I don’t know.

No I’m good at this but it’s not something that will end at the same level…

So how amazing is this?

“Oh really!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fans immediately took to social media.

I had to find out what the hell was going on!

* * *

“eww!”

“Cha Yujin! “Are your feet okay?”

“OK! are you okay!”

Cha Yu-jin tore off the transparent protruding protector attached to her feet.

Even if the staff helped it still stung so it looks like he ripped it off with his own hands.

What is that? It is an anti-slip equipment made of rubber synthetic material.

‘Running barefoot across that wet marble floor is suicidal.’

That was custom-made before our comeback. I shrugged and took the thing off my foot.

“Oh doesn’t it hurt…?”

“uh. “It’s okay.”

The adhesive may sting a bit but there will be no aftereffects.

And I just had an even bigger opportunity.

“I know. “We just did a great job!”

“Oh really? “I think so too Eugene~”

“Hehe.”

“I hope viewers enjoy it are satisfied and feel good in their hearts!”

“uh. It has to be good.”

Bae Se-jin speaks firmly. Well he is the one who worked the hardest to complete the game due to the difference in stats so he has the right to say something like that.

I chuckled and nodded.

“is it so.”

Then let’s check it out.

As soon as I returned to the waiting room I covered myself with a towel and accessed the internet.

The related community… has already responded.

[Idol who just performed in heavy rain]

[Legendary Taken stage]

[Testa the stage we just finished performing is dangerous VS cool which is better?]

[Testa dizzying scene]

It’s uproar.

I thought it would probably be the same on social media and it was as expected.

Posts were pouring in like crazy and ‘Heavy Rain’ and ‘Testa What’ were trending.

-Aren’t Mimi crazy?

-How should I accept this?

-Everyone else aside my kids are geniuses really;;

-Are my eyes weird? This looks better than the regular stage. Oh it shouldn’t be like this.

No that’s right. It has to be nice to look at.

‘It’s a choreography created with water in mind from the beginning.’

To be exact it is a choreography requested while simulating digestion on a stage set filled with water up to the ankle level.

I wanted to take advantage of the uniqueness of the album’s summer and sea concept.

‘It was meant to be used at concerts.’

It was hit here.

And it’s natural that if one more well-considered element is added it’s bound to be more fun.

‘I knew there would be a reaction.’

I assumed that it would definitely be effective if I stay for 2-3 weeks and pop it when the buzz gradually stabilizes.

Plus we added some elements to make it even more impressive.

‘This situation.’

Since we don’t know if this is a plan or an unexpected situation due to weather conditions the talk will continue to come out.

It has already begun.

-Good coping skills

-It’s definitely a plan.

-If it was planned they would have already started advertising it. In my opinion it is an accident resolution.

-Why would Testa come to the outdoor stage in the first place? Of course it’s a special stage so I can’t communicate with idiots really.

-Predict the weather forecast and perform on stage according to rain showers…? Isn’t this too much of an unreasonable guess?

I hope that the story continues to spread widely.

‘It would be right around the time when WeTube’s cyber wrecker bites.’

I checked the video which was spreading faster due to its controversial nature and started talking to the company.

* * *

Testa’s stage in the heavy rain emerged as a hot trend at the end of the week amid various speculations and admiration.

Since there were many people who knew about Testa’s recent activities due to the confrontation with VTIC and the songs that were missing people became interested more easily and became attached at an alarming rate.

It’s not just about performing well on stage it’s about being able to add your own opinion to this unique situation!

In the end it spread to a safety issue and ignited fire in many ways but the official position was clearly announced in an article before the controversy officially surfaced.

[Testa’s performance in the heavy rain? “Concession not an accident”]

[TaKon’s dizzying downpour stage… an impromptu natural set]

It is said that Testa changed the stage on the day of rehearsal out of consideration for his immediate junior’s first joint concert stage.

And after being aware of the weather situation they changed the configuration as an event and even wore equipment while paying attention to safety.

The articles that had been carefully inspected by the agency continued to appear in the main entertainment articles and advertised Testa’s stage.

This is the clean truth except that the context has changed.

And Testa even showed their excitement by posting the anti-slip protective gear they were wearing at the time on social media.

———————————

Ahyeon wore these and did ballet. It was so cool. We all followed along.

(video)

———————————

-I thought they were using the Teenet kids as a shield for funny stories but it turned out to be true.

-What on earth were you trying to show at the concert? Guys I’ll definitely go this time I’ll get tickets!!

-♡♡♡♡

-This is the first idol who is so sincere about being an idol;

Because it came out quickly the truthfulness of Testa will not be damaged and because it was an unexpected situation its status will not be lowered.

However I had no idea that the video that had already spread would continue to gain momentum and go down from the most popular videos on WeTube.

People who praise people who find fault people who make aggressive videos based on this incident.

And even people who re-post the dance challenge comparing it with and without water.

Everyone contributed to the popularity of the song and raised Testa’s music rating.

Thanks to this Cheongnyeo was able to organize it easily.

“…”

The calculation is that the country will be given over to Testa.
