---
title: "Chapter 291"
category: "book"
index: 290
section: "Chapter 291"
slug: "291"
---

# Chapter 291

In conclusion the sound source was a huge hit.

“What rank are you…?”

“for a moment.”

I checked the daily music chart.

[3rd Place Testa – Promise]

“oh my god.”

“I went up one step higher than yesterday!”

“Wooooow!”

Cha Yu-jin passed by humming something that sounded like a strange hooligan song. To be honest I understand because it made me feel bad.

I feel… excited too.

‘If you get results equivalent to your investment there is no other hormone system that is as good as this.’

The music above us was a drama OST and a song by a long-running indie band.

In fact it means that we did the best among the easy listening products released for the summer.

‘The build-up went well.’

The feeling of pleasure when the timing section of the route that was put together with the completed song two months before the comeback matches up is almost euphoric.

Topical. And topicality.

I looked back on the past week.

The heavy rain stage which attracted aggro with half controversy and half admiration swept social platforms and became a ‘positive image’ thanks to the explanation provided at the right time.

-It’s just a work of art.

-I’m the person who said in the comments on Testa’s comeback stage that watching it makes me feel better but this makes me feel even better haha.

-Gatgok Gatdol Gatmu

-It’s so amazing that water can splash like that. Testa you are mermaids.

-K-pop this summer is really fun. When I look back on it in 10 years I’ll be reminiscing about it all haha.

Even though it was an issue I couldn’t like it to my heart’s content because of safety issues but now I have no hesitation about consuming it.

‘People’s psychology is more enthusiastic when restrictions are lifted after being restricted than when they are just released.’

After that as expected people who heard the water splash choreography were immediately absorbed in the music as soon as the song became familiar to their ears.

Once again the virtuous cycle of larger sound sources and stages was completed.

[(Pre-release) Those who sail into the sky appear in water drop dance! | Tiny Club Episode 102]

In the end a parody that seemed to have been hastily put together appeared in advance on this week’s TV entertainment testa appearance.

Since it appears in the most conservative media outlets it means that it has become a trend.

‘That’s because TV can use that stage image for topical aggro purposes.’

So the result is this.

-Testa songs are really everywhere. I went to Hongdae and was confused haha.

-Honestly both the song and choreography were very well chosen. The heavy rain dance was really sweet.

-My nephew who is in kindergarten also follows suit. How far has it spread?

The song itself and the stage itself became a popular trend.

‘It’s the flow.’

Although it was destroyed in a car accident at the time it was similar to the trend vaguely seen during the ‘Calling’ promotions.

This is an influence that extends beyond Testa’s first-team name value.

It’s so bad that on the Internet people who say ‘I can’t feel it’ are flooded with comments with ridicule.

“Ravin is good at making songs so we’re all doing well together.”

“That’s too much praise! “It was a collaborative effort and since it was a song that could not have been released without the hyungs’ feedback and Moon Dae hyung’s idea I will move forward without being complacent!”

Raebin Kim spoke almost without even breathing. Anyone who sees it will think it’s an acceptance speech.

Meanwhile Cha Yu-jin is answering seriously.

“Sejin and I made a really cool Choreo to Kim Raebin’s song. Raebin Kim didn’t do it alone!”

“That’s what I said you idiot!”

“That’s what I said idiot!”

You’re playing well. I said a word to the party mentioned.

“That sounds good.”

“uh?… Of course it’s good~ Because people like it.”

Surprisingly Big Sejin seemed a little embarrassed.

“What can I say… I can’t believe it’s going so well.”

“…”

No it feels like a thrill.

He is a guy who has had almost no solo music-related activities. It was a special feeling to see the choreography that I personally selected and arranged become popular.

Big Sejin looked at the ceiling took a deep breath and raised both arms.

“Ah~ I don’t know! Great! thanks! Thank you our members~”

“Go for it!!”

It was fun to watch the music ranking celebration ceremony where even Bae Se-jin turned red and applauded Keun Se-jin saying that the atmosphere gets better when things go well.

“Ah Testa showed me something again this time~”

It’s 1 a.m. right now and there’s another schedule at 4 o’clock but everyone seems to have forgotten about being tired.

Looking at the cases so far it’s okay since they aren’t the type of people to roughly schedule…

‘It’s not enough to let down your guard.’

In terms of name value alone it is difficult to say that it has surpassed VTIC. Besides the initial difference doesn’t go anywhere.

Of course we sold a lot… well this time.

[TeSTAR “The Ocean of Wonder” – 1 558 114]

Initial sales of 1.55 million copies.

To be honest I had many thoughts because I didn’t expect it to be this popular.

Just looking at it it is a huge number. Excluding VTIC there are only three active idols who have achieved this level of sales.

‘I’m still in good spirits.’

I shrugged my shoulders after checking how many albums were still being released even after the initial release.

‘I’ll take it for a month.’

I was almost certain that this composition would continue.

It seemed unlikely that other top ranked music artists would enter the market until mid-August.

‘I can’t even enter the country.’

In this situation where the first place is being shared between the two first-team teams what benefit can there be?

Now that Testa has gone beyond what he was forced to endure and has become a truly solid duo it will take quite some time for both of them to slow down.

VTIC fans also seemed to know this and changed their stance a bit.

-Because we are both doing well we don’t get into trouble.

-VTIK Testa has completely different routes so why are they being compared like this?

-Why is it so pathetic that you guys are so excited that they are hitting Testa with the V-Tik soundboard and V-Tik with the Testa sound? Those stones have no future.

It is a ceasefire gesture.

The moment Testa’s song became popular it seemed like a decision was made\: ‘This is going to be difficult to win over public opinion.’

Instead the goal is to solidify VTIC’s top tier position and avoid stressing about the arrows.

‘Jjambap isn’t going anywhere.’

Of course behind the scenes they are gnashing their teeth and creating rumors that they will catch and kill Testa… but that was expected.

Since the song worked so well the fans… I mean our fans will have a lot more fun than stress.

From the perspective of someone who is trying to get ahead this situation is no different from a decision win.

‘That’s it.’

I turned off my smartphone.

…Is it the taste of exquisite success in the number of adventures or is it time to enjoy it a little more?

“Park Moon-dae!”

“Moondae come here! “You should do this too!”

Me indeed.

I got up from my seat. It’s funny to see the encouragement pouring in from excited guys.

Let’s at least give him a shoulder hug. Still it was a good moment.

* * *

8 hours later. After the early morning photo shoot what took place at 9 a.m. was a light interview shoot.

The subject is also Tnet.

This year’s TaKon which was held over two days was so well received that it seemed like the VOD specials would be a bit more fancy.

It looks like they started filming from early morning from the debut group of &lt;Azusa&gt; to Mirinae.

But honestly no matter how many broadcasting stations call it I thought it would be omitted if it had a name value of VTIC…

“hello!”

“Hello~”

It came unexpectedly. It looks like he happened to be in the country.

It’s not surprising that we met in overlapping time zones.

‘They took it out at the most convenient time.’

So as far as filming goes it was kind of a natural flow for the two most popular people in the same time zone to meet.

However… there was no need to allocate the same space to them just to give them the most spacious and well-equipped waiting room.

“…”

“…”

I happened to be the first person to bat and fell silent when I saw the guy coming in from the interview.

Cheongryeo.

I have to be alone with this bastard for 20 minutes until the next one comes.

Well it’s surprising that I’m reluctant to do it now.

“It looks like your junior took the first picture too.”

“yes. “Yes.”

“Are you enjoying your activities these days?”

“I’m trying to do well. “It’s also fun.”

I’m sure this bastard won’t turn away just because I lost out on the music.

However Cheongryeo’s face looked quite relaxed.

“Me too.”

“…”

“No it’s fun. It’s been a while since I tried a new song. “There are so many variables here so I’ve only written songs that have been tested in previous periods.”

Not only is your face comfortable right now but you also seem to have used words that are too comfortable to answer here.

“yes. “I see.”

Why would you speak so openly if someone comes in?

“hmm? “Speak comfortably.”

“I’m not sure what you’re talking about.”

“ah.”

But the guy across from me laughed heartily.

“It’s not a commercial it’s not a music show… It’s rare for outsiders to come to such hastily organized internal filming. “I think you can take it easy.”

Is that so?

‘Is this what an idol is risking his own safety?’

Well our staff could come but there was no reason or justification for them to put their ears in the room and listen.

“So then.”

“haha.”

I leaned on the sofa and picked up my smartphone. Cheongryeo stopped laughing and asked.

“Are you targeting the target?”

“All singers are like that.”

“No I’m not talking about such a general goal… I think I’ve thoroughly planned out a strategy for this year.”

“From the timing of the release to the music video and this shower stage the viral effect was good.”

I looked at Cheongryeo.

“Basically it worked because the song and the stage were good.”

“…”

“I did it because it was worth doing.”

“Is that so?”

“Don’t you think that your song worked because it deserved it?”

I looked back down at my smartphone.

“They said it was a song that had never been tested before. “Then what did you believe in?”

“I don’t know.”

Cheongryeo’s voice became monotonous.

“I was just trying to make it good.”

“So that’s good.”

“My junior took more of the music though.”

Yes I knew this story would come out eventually.

“Who sold 2 million albums? “Don’t pretend to unilaterally submit to the outcome.”

“haha!”

Cheongryeo laughed.

“I guess so. “I still have no intention of being pushed back.”

The answer sounded a bit refreshing.

“Are you sure you are brave?”

I sank back into the sofa. The atmosphere becomes a little looser.

And suddenly I heard a small dull sound behind my voice…

‘no way.’

My mind stops.

“Ah Kong…”

I didn’t listen and stood up right away. Cheongryeo immediately closes her mouth and stands up to follow.

Without warning I turned around walked to the door grabbed the handle and opened it.

“…!!”

Damn it there was someone.

The thing that suddenly happens beyond the door…

This is Chaeseodam.

“…”

Throw away all surprises and surprises.

‘This bastard was trying to eavesdrop.’

I reflexively recalled the conversation between me and Cheongryeo.

‘No swearing unrealistic words… ’

Did you say something similar? No I think I used an overly primitive expression about this activity…

I spoke informally to Cheongnyeo.

“It’s strange. This side of the route is… ah.”

They say no one goes around here.

Cheongryeo looked at Chae Seo-dam and her eyes lit up.

“You came to visit my junior.”

“…!”

“I think that’s right. It’s not because he doesn’t know me… There’s no reason to come to the outskirts for any other purpose. “Isn’t that right?”

“…”

You came for me?

Judging from that cold sweat look on my face I guess it’s true.

Chae Seo-dam’s expression returned as if she had regained her composure at that moment.

“I… I just got lost and came here. “Seniors.”

“I guess filming is over.”

“He said he would wait longer and take another photo after lunch.”

This means that because the best time was taken away from the first team this guy’s filming time suddenly popped up so it’s still a waiting time.

And after finding out my whereabouts and following me he somehow tried to eavesdrop on our conversation outside this door?

“But I have some concerns. “Senior.”

At that time Chae Seo-dam’s voice suddenly became relaxed perhaps due to a change of heart.

“Actually I’m scared of many things these days… so I always record when I’m working. I’m afraid there will be a big problem due to another misunderstanding. “Isn’t that right?”

The embarrassment slowly disappeared from Chae Seo-dam’s face and her eyes began to sparkle instead.

“I debuted because I was ‘lucky’…but I think I’ll need an objective excuse if another rumor arises.”

In a strange way there is an emphasis in the tone.

This bastard…

I reflexively recalled the expression I gave that guy.

‘Lucky bastard.’

“But this recorder performs better than I expected. “I’m asking because I’m concerned because it could be inconvenient.”

“…”

“Did you say anything that would be embarrassing if it were recorded?”
