---
title: "Chapter 292"
category: "book"
index: 291
section: "Chapter 292"
slug: "292"
---

# Chapter 292

When Chae Seo-dam brought up the topic of ‘recording’ the atmosphere suddenly changed to typical.

I mean it was funny.

‘What is this guy talking about?’

If you want to use whatever you’ve recorded isn’t it best to keep your mouth shut and then figure out the timing?

Why are you giving me time to deal with it by speaking out of my own mouth?

‘Well are you trying to take control through threats?’

Are they trying to embarrass me by telling me to release the recording?

Well I’m curious as to what will happen if it’s recorded and they say they shared something embarrassing and what will happen if they say they didn’t share it.

I opened my mouth right away.

“You know that third-party recording is illegal Mr. Chae Seo-dam.”

“yes? Ah… I was trying to record my daily life and I was asking because I didn’t want the background music to contain anything that might be embarrassing to my seniors.”

Chae Seo-dam bowed her head.

“I’m truly sorry if this was a sensitive conversation!”

oh.

If you say it was sensitive it’s a weakness and if you say it wasn’t sensitive are you saying that the grounds for questioning will disappear?

I crossed my arms and smiled.

It’s true that you’re trying to make me angry.

“Hmm… I guess this happens a lot. “It’s an illegal invasion of privacy.”

Okay so you said it was illegal?

However this cub’s next behavior was different.

“yes! I am also careful to prevent that from happening. “First of all I will delete anything that may have been recorded by my seniors.”

Chae Seo-dam took out a button-shaped recorder from the back pocket of his pants.

‘Is it a Bluetooth type?’

He then took out his smartphone and played the recording file in front of me.

-Well I don’t know where this is.

-My legs hurt…

I can hear a faint sound behind Chae Seo-dam’s voice as if she’s deliberately speaking out loud and sitting in front of the door…

I’m not sure but I think there was a sound recorder stuck close to the door so some sound got into the waiting room.

-Aiming for the target…

Oh did it come in from there?

Let’s start with the story of viral marketing.

I heard the faint voice of Cheongryeo.

And Chae Seo-dam immediately clicked on the recording file and deleted it completely.

“Deleted.”

“Oh yeah.”

Should I at least applaud? I nodded and looked at him.

“…”

You look embarrassed.

Why are you so calm than I thought?

Did you think that if I played the recording myself I would get anxious and ruminate on our past conversation? The ambition is good.

“Anything else to say?”

“no. Then let’s go. “I’m sorry for causing trouble to my seniors.”

The guy lowered his head and turned around.

I checked the remaining one of the ‘seniors’ that Chae Seo-dam mentioned.

Cheongnyeo.

“…”

The guy is staring at the cub who is turning around.

‘That… ’

At that time Chae Seo-dam suddenly looks back and speaks.

“But… senior do you trust me?”

“…!”

This is some bullshit again.

“I’m really sorry but I don’t know much about machines. “I was wondering if there would be a problem if it were to remain somewhere and get hacked.”

“Recording.”

I did a performance of deleting it but in reality I have it so am I trying to create anxiety like that?

‘I can see the outline of how he lives.’

I keep holding it and trying to check the other person’s reaction. It looks like you have a talent for catching pods and making leaps.

But with such a big difference in weight class such a stupid thing… Is it a calculation that they will buy it because they have more to lose?

“hmm. “Then I think Mr. Seodam will be in trouble.”

“…Me?”

“yes. “Idols who secretly record other people’s conversations… that’s right.”

I leaned against the doorway.

“If I were you I would be careful.”

This means that the moment the recording starts I will drag you in.

Chae Seo-dam raised his head defiantly for a moment but then bowed again.

“…Thank you for the advice.”

Then he walked quickly and disappeared across the hallway.

‘Funny bastard.’

I don’t know why he’s trying to end it on his own after barely debuting… but he says he wants to fail so what can I do?

I shrugged and removed my head.

It depends on how well that bastard’s recording was done but… I guess I’ll try maxing out the disadvantages I would get if I were to ignore it.

‘Is this informal language and viral marketing?’

Both were negative factors. If I were to be specific the keywords could be summarized as ‘attitude controversy’ and ‘public deception.’

-No matter how close you are why are you speaking like this? Is this real thing you’re talking about?

-They said it was ‘dang-dang’ and it was like a real dog’s kitchen lol.

-Honestly I wake up.

-From V-Tik’s performance to the heavy rain performance it was all planned and pretended to be a coincidence. It’s really a dark day itself.

Is this the expected answer?

However if you ask whether it is unconditionally fatal it is a question mark.

‘There’s a lot of swearing and it’s not good.’

However if both had enough spare time defense was possible. Ultimately it’s a matter of frame.

In particular if you keep your words in sync with the person you are talking to it could end up as a typhoon in a teacup…

“That’s fun.”

…This bastard is so calm probably because he’s the only one losing money if he gets recorded.

No from that bastard’s perspective wouldn’t it actually be beneficial if it exploded?

In this confrontation situation the greater the minus of Testa the more beneficial it is to VTIC.

‘For some reason he didn’t open his mouth.’

I massaged the back of my neck and walked back into the waiting room. I’m thinking of getting some work done until the others arrive.

But a question is heard from behind.

“I wonder what you are going to do.”

“Why are you curious about that senior?”

“I was the one who told you to stop talking so I think you should cooperate. “Hmm what kind of resentment is this?”

“resentment?”

Is that even possible?

Honestly I don’t understand. To begin with the only contact I had with him was swearing once so you’re saying that’s going to be annoying enough to turn off recording aggro?

‘I just became X so everyone should become X.’

Don’t ask it’s the mentality of a terrorist.

However the point that Cheongryeo pointed out again was clear.

“That doesn’t seem to me like there is any intention to do business with it… This is also a unique case.”

“…”

hmm.

Yes it was exactly me…

“So I’d like you to tell me what you’re going to do.”

“Well… look.”

I completed the text I had written and sent it. Since Chae Seo-dam started threatening right away unless he was quite a stone-faced person he must have thought that I would be prepared if he blew up the recording.

If so I’d definitely do some extra work instead of blowing it up right away.

‘All risks are extracted.’

It is true that it is a loss if gossip breaks out somehow so it is just an observation for now.

Until the unwary one’s purpose is revealed and his weakness is revealed.

* * *

A few days later I got off work early for the first time in a while and was lying on the living room sofa.

“What is this at Mundaemundae?”

“what.”

Big Sejin holds the smartphone up to my head.

This is an interview passage.

The question is ‘close connections in the entertainment industry.’

The grand prize is… the debut group of this year’s &lt;Azusa&gt;.

————————

Chae Seo-dam\: Recently I received advice from Testa senior Park Moon-dae. The guidance was very kind which made me think that I should work hard.

…

————————

This is a common interview with a rookie who attracts aggro by talking about his friendship with a popular senior.

However the problem is that the senior and the rookie are Chae Seo-dam and I.

“I asked Heeseung right away and he said he still keeps giving me answers like this.”

“…”

“look.”

Big Sejin changed the screen.

[Heeseung\: Are you really close to Moon Dae hyung? An unimaginable development [ㄴㅇㄱ]

…Gold 2 This guy also appeared on survival programs twice and seems to be completely addicted to Internet buzzwords.

Anyway I knew the situation.

“Are you trying to use my name?”

Chae Seo-dam’s head seemed to be spinning.

I am using this as a positive factor in my situation where public opinion is negative. Right now my fans are shocked but are accepting it as a good story.

‘You’re just pushing your limits.’

It seems like he wants to take advantage of the risk and reach the limit of remaining silent.

Additionally if I contact you personally here and you get angry or show a negative reaction I will probably record that as well. That’s how it gets intertwined.

‘You clever bastard.’

I’ve been doing something similar for a long time.

…Of course no matter what analysis I do the situation I’m facing right now is different.

Big Sejin lowered his smartphone and asked.

“So. Mr. Moon Dae. Why did this bastard suddenly think of using the three letters of Park Moon-dae’s name?”

“…”

“Has something happened?”

This question.

And no matter how well I prepare and prevent this it can pose a risk to the team.

I decided to reveal everything clearly.

“I’d like everyone to gather in the living room for a moment.”

It is time for confession.

And after a while.

“So… you’re saying you spoke informally to senior Cheongnyeo?”

“…okay.”

“…”

I thought they were going to swear with their eyes but surprisingly there was a look of understanding in the eyes of the two people with the same name. What is it?

“Yeah… that’s how the order turned out so the two of us were together.”

“good job!”

Oh those two guys know that they are the cause of my dog fights on vacation. I guess you think I said it because I didn’t feel it was worth speaking politely to.

However the others seem puzzled. Liu Chengwu mutters.

“You did well…?”

“Oh that guy has been harassing Park Moon-dae!”

“…!!”

“…okay? when?”

Now is not the time to talk about that.

I ended the conversation between Ryu Cheong-woo and Bae Se-jin. When I heard Kim Raebin my eyes popped out.

“It was a while ago but the broadcasting station had to be careful anyway so I’m sorry. And I said that he planned the way our song took off but he didn’t deny it.”

“I’m sorry about this too.”

“No!! The person who recorded it is bad! There’s nothing wrong with Moon Dae!”

“you’re right. “How could someone do such a rude and malicious thing…”

They look like they got criticized for barely releasing a song but they are fast guys. I suppressed a bitter smile.

“Thank you but a mistake is a mistake anyway. It’s my fault. “I guess I let my guard down.”

“…How can someone from Mundaemun University always feel nervous?”

Big Sejin put his arm around his shoulder and muttered quickly.

“are you okay! Recorded by someone who hasn’t even debuted yet? “Let’s talk right away…”

“Then!” “Let me… tell you!”

what?

Suddenly Seon Ah-hyun who had been listening quietly clenched her fist.

“That kid… was mean to me but if you tell people that he’s bullying you too…”

“Ahyeon??”

“Ahyun that’s not it!”

The living room suddenly became noisy. And I agree with this response.

‘If you bring up a sensitive issue such as school violence even though there is no evidence… ’

If you criticize it wouldn’t it just become a muddy fight without benefit to Sun Ah-hyun? It’s not for nothing that I didn’t explode it when Azusa was killed.

“Seon Ah-hyun it would be better to just get rid of my informal language and shoot Chae Seo-dam as a recorder.”

Bae Se-jin helps.

“okay! “Park Moon-dae’s informal language is better!”

hey.

“All you have to do is tell that crazy guy to make an excuse! “Otherwise…”

“sudden?”

“…Anyway you just have to make it clear that it’s okay to listen to informal language.”

Bae Se-jin cringed in response to Ryu Cheong-woo’s question not knowing the details of the situation. Did you think you shouldn’t say more than that since you’re not the party involved?

‘I guess they were talking about threatening to release any evidence… or just reporting it.’

Well that was one of the ways.

And Liu Chengwu began to calm the mood.

“okay. In any case if you haven’t been able to say anything because you’ve been going through a hard time don’t worry too much…”

“Ah the work is done.”

“work?”

“I recorded it too.”

“…??”

I lifted my smartphone and showed it. It is a recording file.

“I’ve been doing it for some reason ever since I made it informal.”

If nothing happens there’s no problem if you delete it right away. No matter what you do there is no loss in saving.

And the reaction from all sides was ‘I knew it would happen’…No I knew it would happen?

“After all it’s Mundaemun University.”

“and…”

Yeah that’s good.

“We have already discussed everything with the company.”

So the moment I was about to say that there is no need to worry about distortion or wrong responses.

Sun Ah-hyun raised her hand again.

“I have… too.”

“…!!”

“Recording?”

“Oh no.”

Sun Ah-hyun raised her head and spoke firmly in a trembling voice.

“I have a record of counseling from that time Mundae…!”

“…!”

“Of course I quit right away… but if I find it I’m sure there will be data left.”

Sun Ah-hyun finished her sentence clearly.

“I want to write if it helps you.”…

…With those words just now there are two ways to handle this matter.

How to quietly let Chae Seo-dam disappear from the industry.

And the other one is… a way to relieve your heartache.

‘Let’s do the latter.’

okay.

Only then will the profit margin be calculated correctly.

I called the last worker in the early morning after the meeting ended that day.

-Have you made up your mind?

“okay.”

Since he was overseas I received it right away.

“Please cooperate.”
