---
title: "Chapter 293"
category: "book"
index: 292
section: "Chapter 293"
slug: "293"
---

# Chapter 293

The recent schedule for the group whose group name has not yet been decided – &lt;Azusa&gt; Season 5 debut group was quite busy.

This is because at the same time as preparing for his debut he was also carrying out the schedule of the winner of the audition program including interviews for advertisements.

Although the popularity was not comparable to the status of Testa in the previous men’s season it was still enough to excite the hearts of those involved.

And there were also members who felt a sense of victory for other reasons.

‘Can’t you even contact me? ‘Fuck that’s funny.’

Chae Seo-dam checked a contact on her smartphone that was unresponsive.

[Mundae senior]

It was a number I found out by coaxing the manager who was previously in charge of Testa. It would have been easy to just say ‘Brother brother’ and let the bastard fly.

‘Even if you catch Gao at that level it’s still that way.’

Chae Seo-dam guessed that Park Moon-dae was also of a similar type.

It was shameful to see a misfit who couldn’t even speak in school come out loud because he was so drunk that he had become a popular idol.

‘What’s wrong with you lucky bastard?’

From what I heard he seemed like he was really looking after him but in the end there was nothing more to it than just pretending to be there.

Even now Chae Seo-dam himself secretly brings up Park Moon-dae every time he does a related interview or shoot but doesn’t he get any response?

He was clearly scared.

‘I thought I would do it because I was angry but look at how I couldn’t do it because I was scared.’

Then in his head it was obvious that he was glorifying himself as a cartoon character or something. Aren’t there one or two people in every class who fail?

‘Where are you introducing yourself?’

It’s just funny that someone who has succeeded just because of timing and intelligence can abuse someone like him who has worked so hard to live his life.

Chae Seo-dam personally showed respect to herself for cleverly overcoming the situation by practicing with her feet broken and using any means possible.

I let my guard down for a moment and slipped but that was the end of it.

‘I won’t do it like that anymore.’

After using Park Moon University to its limits and benefiting from its recognition and image there were still more exciting plans left.

The moment he encounters Park Moon-dae again he can’t hold back and directly causes him to explode. Because eliciting reactions from others was his specialty.

‘If possible it would be better if you tell the company as well.’

If the company tried to cover it up that was a good situation. Then gather it and use it as a weakness again.

‘If anything happens I can use it as evidence that I was bullied and get away with it.’

In this case the reversal of the image killed two birds with one stone.

‘An idol who continuously harasses his juniors using the excuse of a recording that was already deleted on the spot!’

“ah.”

Just thinking about the situation being overturned seemed plausible so Chae Seo-dam felt satisfied.

And for a moment he thought about Cheongryeo another person involved in the recording whom he had not thought about because he was too excited at the time.

Of course now he was rationalizing that it was all his own calculation.

There was no way that person could have made any kind of gesture.

‘Is it all like that?’

Chae Seo-dam was sure that Park Moon-dae was glad that he was in trouble because there was no harm to him. Haha even if you do it aren’t you competitors?

I found out that he was an idol who did well as soon as he debuted but I fully expected how childish his personality would be.

‘Instead you could contact me to make a deal.’

He was polite enough in that situation so there would be no need for his feelings to be hurt.

Perhaps Park Moon-dae’s weakness was waiting to be revealed.

“Hmm~”

Chae Seo-dam thought of this snowball-like logic that followed naturally and threw away the anxiety of the past few days.

‘You made a bold plan well.’

The arrogance that had consistently held him back in life grew again.

And this optimism was shattered a few days later when I met someone in the company hallway.

His classmate Sun Ah-hyun who is now a senior.

“Hello senior!”

“hello…!”

Sun Ah-hyun who was walking in the opposite direction was looking at her with her head held high unlike when she was in school. A guy like that has to be treated like a senior because his seniority is behind him.

Chae Seo-dam felt bad for a moment.

‘If ‘Azusa’ hadn’t done well I wouldn’t have had a social life.’

It always made me feel the bitter taste of absurdity when people like that talked about themselves as if they were more successful than me.

“But what are you going to do?”

Isn’t there nothing you can do other than campaigning as a senior? That is if you care about the social position you barely created.

And as for Chae Seo-dam Sun Ah-hyun’s campaign… honestly I wasn’t even tickled.

“I have something to say to Mr. Seo Dam is it okay for a moment?”

“Oh yes! Seodam hyung!”

Although it was a bit annoying that he was trying not to stutter he internally laughed at Seon Ah-hyun’s behavior of calling him out.

The tape recorder is still running.

‘There will be one more weakness.’

However as soon as Chae Seo-dam enters the corner conference room he is hit by a direct ball from Sun Ah-hyeon.

“I’m thinking a lot… should I tell the truth that you bullied me?”

“…!”

What are you revealing?

Chae Seo-dam momentarily wondered if this was reality.

However Sun Ah-hyun’s words were not over.

“Seodam I have a recording.”

“…!”

“I was so scared of you… I thought maybe I was strange so I recorded it to listen to it again and try to understand… for a while.”

“…”

“And there are still some left.”

Chae Seo-dam felt a cool sensation running down her spine.

It was a survival instinct felt in the face of crisis.

‘Oh no.’

Chae Seo-dam barely denied reality. And I rationalized it thinking it was rational.

Similar to what we have been doing so far but a little stronger.

‘Even if I say that it won’t explode?’

If it explodes wouldn’t it be a loss to yourself? He’s such a popular idol right now.

When you’re barely in school it’s hard to complain about school violence just because you’re in a bad mood and messed up your practical skills. At least he thought so.

‘And what did you record?’

In his opinion no matter how much he thought about it he had never verbally abused or hit someone to the point where he could be blamed.

That’s just to scare you.

‘but… ’

But just in case… Okay just in case.

After finishing rationalizing Chae Seo-dam opened her mouth in a regretful tone.

“Ahyeon… do you hate me that much?”

“…”

“There was some friction when we were in school… but not to the point like this. Are you saying… that I was pushed out of the top spot? “I’m so embarrassed.”

If you were expecting a picture of you making excuses and being embarrassed you would be mistaken.

“I feel ashamed because I think it’s because I think it’s fun because I have a bad image…”

He was conscious of his tape recorder and worked hard to produce evidence…

“Seodam.”

However Sun Ah-hyeon did not move a single inch.

“That doesn’t work anymore.”

“…!!”

“I really want to make it public. “I came to let you know because I thought it would be my final decision to tell you in advance.”

“…”

“Then I’ll go in.”

Sun Ah-hyun slightly lowered her head and left the conference room first with a stern expression.

And Chae Seo-dam’s mind went blank.

* * *

‘There’s no way it exploded.’

Chae Seo-dam lay on the bed in her dorm and thought to herself.

He may have just said it out of interest in his position and wanted to threaten him.

‘I’ve seen that bastard somewhere.’

…But on the other hand I keep imagining what kind of ramifications there would be if Sun Ah-hyun released the recording.

Eventually as time goes by these thoughts come to mind.

‘…Do you apologize now?’

No an apology is an acknowledgment! He could never apologize… He didn’t do anything wrong to deserve an apology in the first place right?

I was sick of being treated like a huge victim for encouraging the mentally weak person to collapse on their own.

“Fuck…”

Everything was uncertain as to what would happen. However the moment you make the gesture it becomes numb.

‘Ignore it and go?’

But I felt uncomfortable. My thoughts endlessly return to the starting point…

After such an anxious and crazy long few days.

There has finally been a change.

“Seodam um… the management manager at the company wants to see you.”

“…yes.”

Fuck you! Fuck you!

Chae Seo-dam had a hunch. Looking at the manager’s expression I don’t think it’s a good thing.

This is what Sun Ah-hyun did.

“…!”

yes!

At that moment an incredible idea passed through Chae Seo-dam’s mind.

If Park Moon-dae finds evidence that he harassed her first wouldn’t he be able to make a deal with the company if Sun Ah-hyun exposes it?

As he went to the management office at the end of the hallway under the guidance of his manager he continued to do calculations in his head.

‘If I send a text message right now and try to scratch it… ’

Sweet.

However after checking whether or not a recorder was in possession when the door to the consultation room in the management office was opened.

“You’re here.”

Sitting there… was the completely unexpected Inyoung.

Moon-Dae Park.

“…!”

What kind of situation is this?

Park Mun-dae who was sitting in the position where the director should be glanced at Chae Seo-dam indifferently and then gestured.

“Please sit down.”

“…”

“Oh I’m the assistant manager.”

Tuk.

Park Moon-dae who was quietly muttering something nonsensical glanced at the door being closed by the manager.

And then he laughed.

“Let’s talk.”

…Only then did Chae Seo-dam recall the suspicions she had forgotten about looking down on Park Moon-dae.

The reason why he tried to spy on Park Moon-dae.

revenge.

-Lucky bastard.

After Park Moon-dae’s remarks he wondered if all the incidents and revelations that had happened to him were the actions of Park Moon-dae.

* * *

I raised my head and checked who came in through the door.

Chae Seo-dam’s face looks like she’s seen some kind of ghost.

‘Good.’

The more distracted I was the easier it was to eat. It will be easier for someone who is already easy.

I said to the guy who was still standing.

“Aren’t you going to sit down?”

“…”

“It doesn’t matter… Then we’ll just talk.”

I continued monotonously.

“I heard there was a report regarding school violence…”

“It’s all your doing right?”

“What is it?”

“…”

But instead of answering this bastard’s expression changed as if he realized something.

And only then pull out the chair and sit there.

‘oh.’

The guy said with a twinkle in his eye.

“I think you’re mistaken… I don’t care if something happens and I have to stop doing this senior. “I’ve already been criticized enough… There’s no one way right?”

“…”

“okay. I’m just going to quit being an idol so I’m going to tell everyone and leave. uh? “The senior group worked together and even the company put pressure on people to create the rumor.”

Well that’s a typical reaction.

‘We’re cornered so let’s all die together. ‘I will self-destruct’.

‘In an emergency you can go back to your major industry. Is this it?’

You may have guessed that this bastard has a head but from Testa’s perspective I will suffer a loss no matter which side Sun Ah-hyun explodes in the matter.

‘I continued to be cautious to avoid that.’

So I guess they thought that if they did this the threats would go away and they would enter the negotiation stage.

“I see.”

It’s a shame but it’s useless.

There is no negotiation with you.

“But do you plan to study abroad when you quit being an idol?”

“What are you saying…”

“I think it will be difficult to live in Korea right now.”

I rested my chin and spoke without even looking at Chae Seo-dam.

“I will somehow expose all the facts and create such a bad story that you will no longer be able to live socially in Korea.”

“…!”

“I don’t mind either. Whether it explodes or not. “That doesn’t mean Testa will fail.”

I shrugged.

“I told you idiot that all discussions between officials have ended since you started talking about recording and such nonsense.”

How to drive this bastard into a state of panic where he loses all credibility.

This is a sincere bluff.
