---
title: "Chapter 294"
category: "book"
index: 293
section: "Chapter 294"
slug: "294"
---

# Chapter 294

It was important from here.

‘Push in.’

I took my smartphone out of my pocket and placed it clearly on the desk.

And just like this guy did to me last time I played the recording file.

-Are you aiming for the target?

-Is that true for all singers?

A sound source with much clearer sound quality than what Chae Seo-dam recorded.

I recorded it.

“They’re not the only ones who can record.”

I stopped playing and chuckled.

“Did you really think I was going to get angry and ask you not to reveal the truth just because I spoke informally with a senior?”

“…”

“Just go on a variety show right now and use it as proof of your friendship with that senior and that’s it.”

Chae Seo-dam seemed to be trying to understand what the situation was.

It may not be of much help to the situation but the desire to deny reality makes you reflexively look for something to refute.

‘Shall I wait?’

Only after a few more seconds had passed did he urgently open his mouth.

“A new song is out! They say it was all planned…”

Ah that.

“well. Did I do that? “I didn’t want to talk too long so I just skipped it… I guess it all depends on the situation.”

Without another word I used the smartphone again.

Go to your address book and make a call.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

The melody of the acoustic version of TiriRing VTIC’s new song plays as a phone call sound for a while… and then cuts off.

Sweet.

-Hello junior.

“Hello senior. “I’m talking about what we talked about in the waiting room last time. Would it be okay if I gave it as a source for entertainment?”

It was a little annoying to hear laughter over the phone but Cheongryeo answered anyway as planned.

-sure. That’s how I do it. Because I was the one who told you to stop talking.

“thank you.”

-What?

I hung up the phone.

“They say so.”

“…”

Now whatever you were gleeful about as a weakness has both disappeared.

The idiot in front of me seemed to have calmed down as if the momentum he had been fighting earlier had gone.

‘Even if my eyes turn upside down it won’t last long.’

He is a guy with a really strong desire to see himself.

I knew it was time to ratchet up the pressure a notch higher.

So we quickly changed the conversation.

“So I think this answers your question… Next is the report on school violence that I originally wanted to talk about.”

Now that I’ve covered my weaknesses let’s talk about yours.

I said it casually.

“Isn’t it neat for the victim to be interviewed by a reporter?”

“…!!”

“I think it would be a good social message to do this officially and since there is enough evidence I think everyone will believe it.”

evidence.

I’m going to make a recording because the conversation I had with Sun Ah-hyun is flashing through this bastard’s head right now.

I finished my sentence.

“I thought it would just fall flat if we added the context that they were trying to exploit other people’s weaknesses while recording. I’m going to proceed right away. end.”

I picked up my smartphone again and cleaned up my place. It is a gesture indicating that everything to be said is finished.

“…that!”

Chae Seo-dam woke up in shock as if she had been bombed.

“Now wait a minute. “Why is this… why is this?”

So why are you asking me why I keep talking about this to a guy like you? Thank you.

I smiled faintly and answered.

“Give up.”

“…”

“Since it was decided to just resolve everything I think we should notify the parties involved. Now all we have to do is wait.”

It was a notification.

“…”

Chae Seo-dam froze in her seat.

It’s a normal reaction. At this point the average person is overwhelmed.

The other party has no will to negotiate all your preparations have been ruined and you even have a warning that they will now fatally attack your weakness.

Right now it feels like I’m cornered with no way out.

Regret and disbelief.

And this bastard with an oversized ego comes up with a different result in his head.

“Why on earth are you doing this to me?”

It’s someone else’s fault.

“I didn’t do anything wrong to you! This happens because he and Sun Ah-hyun had a bad relationship when they were in school… Does this make sense? Seriously… why are you doing this?”

Chae Seo-dam started talking gibberish.

“You can’t just trust what Sun Ah-hyun says and make people like this! To bury it unilaterally like this…”

“I see.”

I said carelessly.

“What you did to Sun Ah-hyun is something anyone would do in that environment and what you did to someone else is cowardly and unfair?”

“…”

“When you did that to Sun Ah-hyun you knew how much damage it would cause to the other person. “It’s the same when you record me.”

Chae Seo-dam looked like she had been hit.

These bastards say they have to suffer like shit to show any remorse.

“If it were me I wouldn’t say that out of embarrassment. “Isn’t it better to accept the outcome?”

Of course I said this knowing that I was not the type of person to give in.

“No not even Seon Ah-hyun! “If a story like this comes out it will cause damage…”

Yes if you were someone who would reflect on something like this you wouldn’t have come this far.

I shrugged.

“He said he would do it himself but should I even think about that? “What do you know?”

“…!!”

“It’s not like I’m going to fail.”

Chae Seo-dam closed her mouth.

When you get to this point you can’t help but think about this.

‘This guy is really crazy.’

‘I’m planning to punish the real fucking members by letting go of everything regardless of whether it’s a group or a hit.’

…is something that will come to you desperately.

In addition he is probably using his imagination as much as he can to raise the level of himself and create hell.

‘That bastard is preparing for my social death!’

hmm.

Of course it’s false.

I’m not stupid and I certainly have no intention of raising this issue to the surface.

‘It’s just a threat.’

“You are responsible for your own affairs. Isn’t it? “They say there is evidence.”

“Oh no…”

Same goes for this.

We realized through discussion among ourselves that Sun Ah-hyun had recorded the situation. However it is difficult to identify Chae Seo-dam in that file due to sound quality issues.

All that remains are the counseling records that Sun Ah-hyun first mentioned but there is a high possibility that this will lead to a dog fight as all kinds of public opinion attaches to it.

All that aside I have no intention of bringing up elements of personal life other than activities in this group that has already had a lot of events.

But Chae Seo-dam doesn’t know that.

“…”

He was completely caught up in this huge bluff and sank.

And he seems to have lost his will to fight and is in such a panic that he can’t even think about crying or getting angry.

‘I’d like to leave it like this for a week but…

In the meantime variables may pop up again so let’s give it something that looks like a rope.

I touched my smartphone once under the table.

It was time for the last helper to appear.

A few seconds later.

-Knock knock!

At the same time as there was a hasty knock the door burst open.

“Tongue brothers.”

It’s gold 2.

The guy’s expression was somewhere between urgent and tense.

“…Kwon Hee-seung.”

Even though Chae Seo-dam was tired he turned his head and looked at the guy as if he was writing all kinds of scenarios.

However the moment Gold 2’s next words came out the atmosphere changed.

“I came here after hearing the story at the meeting… Mr. Moon Dae anyway can you please bear with me until the official announcement is made?”

“…hmm.”

I intentionally didn’t answer. As if slightly conflicted.

“…!”

Then for a moment a sparkle returned to Chae Seo-dam’s eyes.

It’s hope.

“I’m sure Seo Dam is really reflecting on this a lot. “Isn’t that right bro?”

Chae Seo-dam nodded as if he was sincere. And then he opens his mouth urgently.

“I’m sorry.”

I realized it was a good time to do something.

“yes.”

“I recorded it… so I could use it. I thought wrong. “I misunderstood…”

After taking a while I answered.

“I don’t think I would have apologized if this situation hadn’t happened. Anyway I understand.”

“Because of the current situation Seodam hyung completely understood?? Tongue type. “Tell me what you understand.”

You can see Chae Seo-dam shaking her head at Gold 2’s words.

In the end he almost repeated what I said earlier.

“…You can’t try to do well even if it causes great harm to others… I think that’s the wrong effort.”

‘good.’

Finally this came out.

I don’t know if the guy who has lived a life of breaking that obvious proposition is sincere when he says it but what he said out of his own mouth in a shocking situation was important.

Over time if you want to rationalize your actions as positive you will have to affirm that recognition as well.

And at the moment of silence Gold 2 stirs up the situation again.

“Think of something new Brother Mundae! If Seo Dam hyung leaves in such a bad way… things might get bigger than expected… then this year’s schedule might be difficult…”

“…”

I looked at Gold 2 in silence. Gold 2 looks at me with a face that looks like he’s about to break out in a cold sweat and swallows.

Gulp.

Only at the end did I shrug my shoulders.

“Well… if there is damage to the company there will be a lot of work.”

“…!”

I glanced at Seodam as if holding back a sigh then nodded.

“It’s just this one time.”

* * *

After that it was simple.

Chae Seo-dam who was relieved took advantage of Gold 2’s encouragement and quickly signed a contract and withdrew from the team.

‘The nuances of the contract were also important.’

Rather than keeping Chae Seo-dam a secret from the conversation they just had we made sure to keep Chae Seo-dam’s weaknesses quiet.

In exchange for burying Chae Seo-dam’s attempt to spread rumors and talk about school violence the contract is that he will leave quietly and not cause any harm to the team.

And articles and announcements appeared quickly.

[〈Azusa〉 New season’s 10th place Chae Seo-dam fails to debut “due to health issues”]

Anyway because of various incidents the debut group’s fandom was hated and the reason was ‘health’ so this incident passed without any major problems or trouble.

And Gold 2 who came in at the end of the conversation and sucked in the honey was smiling.

As you may have noticed Geun Se-jin is the guy who lured Chae Seo-dam by giving him carrots while planning the game.

-Okay just swing the whip~ Let’s just let Heeseung give him one bite of the carrot at the end!

I can’t deny it. It was a good appointment.

“You’re good at acting.”

“Me? “It was completely sincere.”

On that day as soon as Chae Seo-dam left the room Gold 2 took a long deep breath with an expression of relief.

“Whew… No how could he debut this time too… Ah I don’t know! Anyway I’m really relieved that I let it go quietly before my debut!”

I have no intention of blaming him as it would be frustrating to have someone like a time bomb on the same team. I just laughed.

“Thank you for watching again. older brother!”

“There is nothing to be thankful for.”

“Brother A you are truly amazing to see again! “I will be really nice to you at any time!”

Gold 2 started sending hello texts more often after that.

And after a while another text message came in through the manager of the Azusa debut group.

The sender was Chae Seo-dam.

It was a long text and interestingly enough the person who asked to be the recipient was Sun Ah-hyun.

[I was being competitive thinking that everything was part of competition but I’m sorry that I hurt you more than I thought or intended. This time I really realized it painfully. There may be a problem with my methods…]

To summarize this rant it was that he seemed to have passed over Sun Ah-hyun during his school days.

Of course half of it was more of a self-excuse.

“…’More than intended’? Did you call this apple now? “I still can’t come to my senses…!”

“It’s okay…!”

Sun Ah-hyun stopped Bae Se-jin who was vicariously angry.

“I didn’t expect to receive an apology… I didn’t think so but the apology… I guess I wanted to receive it too.”

“Ahyun…”

“Thank you.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded her head around and then made eye contact with me.

“And thank you Moon Dae… I tried to help you too but it seems like I get the help every time.”

“…?”

What are you talking about when you laid the ground rice well and sent it to Seodam?

Of course if I answered like this there would be endless empty talk so I just answered briefly.

“It was cooperation. “I was grateful too.”

“Ugh…!”

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled brightly and coolly took down the text capture of Chae Seo-dam.

“Oh!”

The members applaud as if they were watching a ceremony. Sun Ah-hyun seems a little embarrassed.

“hmm.”

I thought as I watched that apology-like thing disappear.

‘Anyway it looks like that bastard will forget that again and kick it.’

But it was planned with that in mind as well.

‘I guess I’ll just keep my mouth shut because I have the personality to avoid anything that comes at a disadvantage to me.’

And when he almost becomes

‘Still I handled it well and got out of that situation.’

It’s like this.

Therefore this guy will not be able to think about this problem again. Sun Ah-hyun will forget this guy.

‘I won’t ever see you again.’

It was completely swept away from the industry.

“…hmm.”

After thinking about it for a while I sent a text message that night.

[It ended well. Thank you]

Well it’s a simple fact that it helped me with this so it’s worth it.

Tiring.

Not long after a photo of a familiar dog with its front paws raised arrived.

Greetings?

“…hmm.”

I touched my chin.

Surprisingly it doesn’t scratch. This kid also slowly came to his senses…

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Really? Then I would like to receive a song in return.]

“…”

Are you crazy?

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I’m just kidding^^]

I turned off the text without replying.

After sending Chae Seo-dam away with that the entire impact was resolved.

And at the meeting the very next day it is revealed that if Chae Seo-dam had not been sent away at this time they would have worked together.

“A more detailed schedule has been released regarding the agency’s concert agenda…”

This is because there was talk about a group concert schedule for artists belonging to the symbol of a successful agency.
