---
title: "Chapter 295"
category: "book"
index: 294
section: "Chapter 295"
slug: "295"
---

# Chapter 295

Agency group concert.

It is usually an event that can be held by a company that has at least one well-known male and female idol group as well as promising rookies.

In that sense you might think that this agency which has three teams from Azusa has met the minimum requirements… but you’re mistaken.

I frowned as I checked the plan I brought with me on the way home.

‘I don’t think anyone will like it.’

Isn’t there a unique color to this hastily created agency even if you look for it?

This is what is commonly referred to as ‘the unique feel of that agency.’

‘There must be a common demand between teams to ensure audience satisfaction.’

I just don’t know what kind of guts the group that won the audition program or the agency that received the money for has the guts to even plan their own concert.

Of course I can roughly guess the purpose.

“Hmm I guess they’re trying to give a boost to the newly debuted kids?”

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders and said.

“Look I even gave those friends a song to cover a few of our songs. Our season song ‘Azusa’ is also in the draft.”

“Hmm.”

And Bae Se-jin who was drinking water in the kitchen spoke with a slightly nervous expression.

“…Isn’t this an attempt at generational change?”

“Generation change?”

“Why because we don’t even have much left on our contract… There’s something about encouraging fans to like new groups!”

“that…! Are you misjudging that this group’s potential has already been exhausted?”

Kim Rae-bin is surprised because it sounds plausible. Bae Se-jin nodded seriously.

“…That could happen.”

Me indeed.

‘Did I see this on WeTube somewhere?’

After watching so many KPOP related channels I seem to have gained some vague knowledge.

I chuckled and shook my head.

“Probably not. “I think they’re just trying to add some buzz to the group.”

“Is that so?”

“yes. Since the previous season wasn’t as good as ours I think they’re trying to make some gains. “Don’t worry too much.”

We have managed to build up a friendly relationship but it would be too wasteful for the company to give up Testa here.

‘I’m sure they’re thinking we’ll renew our contract.’

It will only end up taking away the benefits that come with being in the Testa weight class.

‘There is no great merit in going after the goose that lays the golden eggs.’

Big Sejin also readily agreed.

“I agree! Still it’s good to be alert~ Well I think what you said is also a good direction.”

“…okay.”

“That’s a great thing to say.”

Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin quickly discarded the conspiracy theory. And Cha Yu-jin intervenes.

“So when are we doing that? Are you doing it quickly?”

“Let’s see… in 25 days?”

Ryu Cheong-woo pointed to the ‘Completion of rental in August’ section of the plan. I paid more attention to other parts.

‘It’s smaller than I thought.’

The Jamsil Indoor Gymnasium can accommodate 1000 people.

At least ‘Testa + Mirinae + Rookie? ‘Let’s go to the stadium!’ The point is that they didn’t figure out the demand by calculating the number of stupid fans.

This is an insight into the industry that cannot be expected from the head of this agency.

‘Head office intervened.’

It seems like T1’s breath got into it.

Seeing that this concert itself was aired on Tnet in the first place it seemed like T1 was pushing it and the agency was rushing it.

‘TaKon’s response was so good that I guess I want to do another similar one.’

It seems like it will get some criticism from fans… but Testa will hardly lose anything.

‘If part of the concert stage is broadcast it will have a promotional effect.’

It is the latter part of the contract so if there are no problems in the future now is the time to go without any friction with T1 so I think we can continue to accept this without a boycott.

“I only need to prepare five songs in total.”

I chuckled and tapped the plan.

‘Let’s get some buzz.’

However you have to take responsibility for what kind of topic it means.

Two male idol groups of similar age from the same audition series… even singing the same song?

The comparisons will be crazy.

And there is no pressure on us.

“Well about three and a half weeks. “It’s too late.”

“It’s similar to the theme of the last concert so I don’t think there will be any problem~”

“I would like to inquire about the details of whether separate arrangement work is necessary.”

I brought up the status window of one of the guys talking hard right now.

[Name\: Raebin Kim]

Lab\: A+ (S+)

(Singing\: C+)

Dance\: B+ (A+)

Appearance\: A- (A+)

Talent\: A (S)

Attribute\: Maestro (S)

If you catch anyone from this group they’ll come out roughly like that.

There are even a lot of people whose stats have increased by at least 3 points compared to Azusa.

‘Meanwhile Kim Rae-bin rose to the characteristic level.’

It may be natural that we volunteer to work on short-term projects for each album.

The weakest one was Bae Se-jin but even he seemed to have learned some strange tricks these days.

-All you had to do was memorize the entire movement along with the lyrics…!

-…??

The guy who was used to the basic dance routine used this trick to focus on reproducing movements rather than dancing with a rhythm making the group dance much more believable.

‘Isn’t that harder?’

Well I’m more comfortable with it.

In any case the important thing is that opinions criticizing Testa as a stage are now rarely seen on the Internet.

‘The difficulty of covering is extremely high.’

They must have already been impressed by the example of Onyx who changed the song and performed at the time of the Rookie of the Year Award and came to a conclusion based on the image on the Internet.

Moreover this time they unilaterally cover us.

The moment there is a difference between the basic stats and the amount of practice the result is already fixed.

So it’s even weirder to worry about fandom being leaked because of something like this.

‘You just have to worry about how you treat your juniors.’

On the contrary what I am worried about is this stage that was put in for the purpose of matching the assortment. At that moment Liu Chengyu touched it with his hand.

Joint stage (undetermined) / 2 people per team

“And among the five there is one joint stage.”

“yes.”

It is a joint stage where some of our members go on stage with our juniors.

Excluding the tacky composition of everyone singing a national song at the end this is the first and last time Testa and his junior go on stage together.

‘It looks like there’s going to be some noise coming from the front.’

At that time Cha Yu-jin raises her hand again.

“I want to do it! “I’m doing a joint stage!”

“haha.”

I thought so.

None of the members responded positively despite Cha Yu-jin’s active support. If the atmosphere here goes okay the real Cha Yu-jin will do it.

‘I think it would be a bit harsh to send Cha Yu-jin out.’

It doesn’t matter to us it’s a matter of public opinion.

It’s like sending out a strategic weapon in a friendly match.

I decided to put this on hold for now since there was something worth thinking about further.

And soon after the first group meeting and practice schedule revealed that this concern was a cause for concern.

“Here’s the new setlist.”

I arrived earlier than scheduled and in the paper I received the joint stage part had changed.

Joint stage (TBD) / Testa 2 people Mirinae 2 people

‘These bastards are missing.’

〈Azusa〉 This debut group was omitted from the joint stage list.

Sayu begged saying ‘I need to prepare for my debut but the new stage I have to prepare for is too much.’

“If it’s okay with you I’m going to provide a space for these friends at the end of this stage in the form of a story that naturally leads to the next stage.”

The director’s explanation was plausible but it is a very strategic decision to see it as a decision made by a rookie group.

The excuse was good… but the timing was perfect.

“hmm.”

…It’s quite an interesting situation.

I guess I’ll just have to get over it for now and deal with what’s at hand right now.

I started revising the plan for this joint performance while the director was away on another call.

It wasn’t long before I arrived at a full sprint.

bang!

“hello!”

It’s not too late but it looks like they’re also busy preparing for their comeback. After some greetings and preparation staff moving around Liu Chengwu kindly explained.

“It is said that there has been some change in the pre-planning document. “I heard that we will be doing a joint performance.”

“Ah yes.”

2nd place So… Park Min-ha said with an empty face.

“Plan… We didn’t receive anything like that senior…”

Due to the fate of a group with less space Mirinae seems to have just received one-sided notification and participated.

‘No it’s not a matter of time but is Testa a special case?’

I took the lead due to a series of events but it’s usually a good time to listen to what the company says even if it’s been 4 years.

‘hmm.’

Keun Se-jin quickly intervened and brightened the mood.

“Oh is that initial plan important? What’s important now is that we create a great stage! Please take care of me~”

“yep. That is absolutely true. I will work hard no matter what. i look forward to!”

Cha Yu-jin brightly extends her hand for a handshake.

“Yeees! Please join us on stage as well…”

“for a moment.”

Without changing my facial expression I calmly pulled Cha Yu-jin’s shoulder.

“Eujin it’s not ‘together.’”

“…??”

“Oh that’s right… I’m not on stage with you.”

Cha Yu-jin became somewhat sullen and withdrew her hand.

That’s right. Cha Yu-jin was just pulled out of the joint stage due to an emergency meeting.

-What? I’m good!

-Yes I know you are good at it. So let’s do a bigger stage at our concert.

-What’s bigger?

-therefore…

…Let me just say that I used a lot of carrots. And the reason I went this far is for a different reason than what I initially considered.

‘This guy is too friendly so I can’t do it.’

At the same time there is no hesitation. I will perform pictures that fit the stage without hesitation so if I do something harsh I will cross the line that fans can easily tolerate.

‘There are a lot of things to consider when it comes to one-on-one male and female idol group performance so it would be difficult.’

In a situation like this it is safest for only those who know how to use their brains in this area to do it.

So there is only one correct answer.

“It’s… Rush!”

“Yes yes~”

Big Sejin smiled and put his arm around me.

“I think the joint stage will be like this with Mundae and I. Thank you for your support!”

So it happened.

If you do this even in the worst case you’ll just be told it’s ridiculous because it doesn’t suit you.

“Oh I see! Is it okay if I actively express that opinion?? “I hope we can do something cool!”

“Yulgi yaaaak.”

“Huh why? “Am I a little strange??”

The members around Mirinae bow their heads and cling to Mirinae’s first-ranked remarks while making strange noises.

Second place quietly nodded with an expression of giving up on everything.

“yes. “We are me and Yulgi.”

1st and 2nd place competed side by side.

It means that we won’t lose momentum… It’s probably the appointment made by that second-ranked person.

‘Did you guess that Testa would try to win regardless of whether it was mixed or mixed?’

Is it because we all came from auditions? This was also a unique situation.

If things continue like this they could keep each other in check like a team battle on an audition program but then there will inevitably be noise in the process.

“Wow that’s reassuring~ Let’s do our best!”

Moreover the guy who would normally have said things like ‘Let’s create a slogan and open a group room’ showed a rough idea of how it would work because he just wanted to do his job.

‘If we were to pick someone with good quality here… ’

So is this all?

Of the stage concept candidates I had planned I naturally left only one and excluded the rest.

And I ran the simulation in my head a few times to make the meeting flow as naturally as possible.

* * *

After the director returns and some important announcements and discussions have taken place.

Additional meetings were held separately for members preparing for the joint stage.

First of all let’s discuss something that cannot be easily changed in the future… the stage set.

‘also.’

In addition as this joint stage is added to each group’s existing stages the devices used on the front and back stages are already occupied.

“Director you said it’s best not to overlap like this right?”

“Yes yes.”

hmm.

Then first of all the wire comes off. Also the pollen lift is used at the back stage so it is excluded.

“Water must be difficult too. “The next stage is our title so it would be a bit unfair to compare it too directly right?”

“Yes yes.”

Keun Se-jin naturally erases everything that Testa tried to use on the main stage. Good job.

However Mirinae’s first place seemed a bit frustrating.

“How about we pick a song first like we usually do? “Right now I’m only saying things that don’t work so cheer up!”

“Oh sister!”

“That’s right.”

Well said.

“What do you want to do?”

“ah! First of all I also like hip-hop…”

I just waited for Mirina to tell me how many songs she wanted.

Until you get excited and all kinds of candidates come to mind.

‘If you look at my personality I’m the type of person who wants to learn a lot.’

And I’m sure as I talk about it the songs I was considering will pop up.

“If you look at it that way ‘Attack’ is also…”

Yes it came out.

This way it will feel like you chose the song.

After pausing a little longer I gave a signal to Geun Se-jin and intervened.

“Now that I think about it you said earlier that you wanted to do something cool.”

“yes yes!”

“Then about that song you just mentioned… what do you think of this concept?”

I wrote lines and letters on the paper.

Concept Expected Effect Arrangement Direction…

Just enough brainstorming to make it look like you came up with it on the spot.

“It feels like this.”

As I wrote it down I became interested and it became more spontaneous and natural.

I slapped the paper once and looked up.

The first place in Mirinae’s eyes were sparkling.

It worked.

“I like it!”

“Me too… no yes. “I think you gave me a really good opinion!”

good. It may have been a bit mixed up in social life but it seems sincere.

Then here is the time for the next build-up.

“Ah everyone’s feelings are in this direction. So the stage elements are easy too? “I think this would be perfect!”

After hearing the two’s words Keun Se-jin naturally pointed to one of the remaining stage sets with his finger.

-Laser

In this way the painting was completed steadily without wasting time due to checks.
