---
title: "Chapter 296"
category: "book"
index: 295
section: "Chapter 296"
slug: "296"
---

# Chapter 296

On the day that the notice and reservation schedule for the agency’s concert was announced a joint performance practice schedule was also scheduled.

Thanks to you I saw some reactions at the end of practice.

To summarize… it’s as expected.

-Wow this looks like a lot of fun. When is the live broadcast?

-T1 really gives a lot of support to those from Azusa. What’s going on with the TV programming?;;

-You probably don’t mistakenly think that the kids are doing well because they’re doing well. Oh please.

-Azusa’s debut group is really on the rise lol Stop it. When will it be since our kids defected? Oh it’s annoying.

-The joy of having a concert broadcast on TV vs. the frustration of being criticized

A whirlpool of anticipation worry irritation and interest.

I can’t help it. The TV broadcast of an agency’s concert is a unique case and has both anxiety and expectation factors.

Moreover since there are three teams from audition programs their popularity is good.

As it is easily accessible thanks to the Tnet channel programming those who are interested can watch it just by changing the channel.

It is also rare to find someone who likes all three teams of this agency.

‘So there’s only one thing that’s certain.’

Of the three teams from Azusa the team that is in the worst situation can be destroyed by all-round ridicule.

Fans don’t have any pride or love for their agency so they never cover for each other.

‘Then you end up feeling resentful and tired.’

There was no need to pour more oil into it so the joint stage with Mirinae was the same.

In addition to being mixed there is one more factor to consider.

‘We had to avoid stages that allowed for direct comparison.’

And the stage was already set that way.

…I didn’t know it would get this intense.

-Here and here! Don’t you think it would be really cool if we just did this step when landing?

-If you don’t mind I was thinking about adding more of the frieze at the end of our first refrain…!

-Ah~ Shall we all take a look here? Even now we’re really good at it but wouldn’t it look ten times cooler if our heights were aligned exactly when entering the bridge? Clean and neat~

Since the other side is also very greedy for the stage the level of difficulty increases as everyone rushes to avoid losing.

In the end my stamina consumption went all the way up the escalator.

‘Are you really going to dance this time?’

I was conflicted as I looked at the remaining points but I was conscious that I could no longer level up using the system so I didn’t take any more.

The moment of natural increase will surely come. My current stats are enough for this.

“Shall we take another breath?”

“…!”

So in the end the conclusion is that people are rolling around as if they have some kind of courage to create a special stage that they expect will be just a show.

I acknowledged it after checking what my teammate was like.

‘I think it would be okay to reveal the behind-the-scenes practice at this level.’

There are so many dancers in this situation both men and women that it is no different from self-denial training. I wiped my sweaty temples.

‘But the picture will come out well.’

“Oh~ It fits well here now.”

“I’m really proud of my blood!”

I hope that my agency doesn’t end up in vain after seeing the performance.

“Shall we finish it today?”

“yes!”

I shrugged my shoulders and resumed practicing without saying anything.

And the remaining free time passed quickly.

* * *

The backstage is filled with cheers from the audience and the sound of music.

‘You have to do well.’

Park Min-ha who debuted as the second unofficial leader of Mirinae swallowed her saliva.

The performance is fun. However the ‘if you don’t do it it’s over’ performance was a problem right up until the start.

This is because an enormous burden hits my brain so much that my eyes spin.

‘Woohwang Cheongsimhwan… I really wouldn’t have done anything if I didn’t have it.’

What are other people doing? She suddenly looked to her side.

The one there was Park Moon-dae leaving his face to the staff.

Sweat was inadvertently dripping from his tall white face. He pointed to his waist with his finger.

“here. “The microphone has fallen off.”

“yes yes!”

‘and… ’

Park Min-ha was about to admire it for a moment but immediately came to his senses.

He certainly had a handsome face but there was too much I had seen and heard so far to be excited.

It’s still playing in surround in my head.

-Have you ever heard about America at work recently?

-The one who suffered was not ranked high. I guess I wasn’t the type to have many friends.

Every time we talked about an incident whether it was Testa-related or not it felt like we were talking to some kind of ghost.

‘How long did you know…?’

A strategic human being whose actions are difficult to guess by looking at the picture.

‘How on earth can people live like that when they grow up?’

While watching the re-release season of Azusa thinking back to how she thought Park Moon-dae was cute Park Min-ha felt like slamming her head into the wall.

That’s not me from the past!

At that time a pleasant voice was heard right next to me.

“Let’s go up~”

“…! yes!”

Park Min-ha immediately returned to reality after hearing Lee Se-jin’s words.

‘stage!’

Meanwhile Lee Se-jin who was smiling made a hand gesture and started running while talking to Park Moon-dae.

“…”

Honestly I was scared of that senior too. Park Min-ha recalled past practice.

‘When I came to my senses I was doing as the teacher said… ’

Looking back now it occurred to me that even the elements that seemed like they had been discussed together were actually involved.

Are all auditionees like that? Then why is everyone in our group so naive?…

“phew.”

“Minha let’s go!!”

“Yes yes.”

Park Min-ha trudged along to the tempo of Jeong Yul-gi who moved excitedly while pushing his back. I had a lot of worries.

But right behind the scenes.

Wow!

“…”

The smell of dry ice. The smell of metal on the stage frame. The feel of the costumes and lenses.

The air on stage had the power to awaken people.

So Park Min-ha also thought.

‘Still I’m confident on stage.’

I could do well.

‘I won’t be pushed.’

When I turned my head I saw the faces of three people who were clearly thinking the same thing.

The countdown ended there.

“1!”

That’s how the four people’s stage began.

First of all what filled the venue was a vast bass of electronic sound derived from the sound of a piano.

The accompaniment melody was a song the audience was familiar with.

‘It’s Attack.’

It was a powerful OST from the action movie series that hit theaters in the second half of last year sung by a mixed band.

-Woa-Woah Woa-Woah…

And it was not uncommon for KPOP idols to cover famous pop songs on days when they had a special mixed performance.

It may sound a little strange but it was because there was less resistance than when performing a mixed stage with an idol song.

Maybe it’s because the feeling of ‘performance’ is strengthened thanks to the distance that comes from differences in language and sensibility.

So the audience gave a neutral response to the idea that it was a ‘possible choice.’

Until just before the singer appeared.

Hwiik.

The first to come on stage were a group of dancers.

Dancers wearing strange neutral-colored clothes that cover their entire bodies perform group dances based on repetitive movements.

‘oh.’

It’s grand at first. However repeating short routines throughout the interlude gradually becomes tiresome.

Even the lighting was monotonous.

-Is it cool…?

-??

-What are you trying to do?

The moment in Jeonju when people became familiar with everything in just 15 seconds.

Cheeeeeeeee-

Suddenly with a cool tearing sound the black flock stops.

And in the middle of it all four clearly visible people stepped out in a line quickly and without hesitation as if they had been trained.

Pinpoint lighting follows.

The outfit worn was a stylish jumpsuit with a loose silver rider jacket.

Behind them the black crowd was staring at them.

Tuk.

At the front of the stage. The four of them threw something black on their shoulders to the side and stood with their chins raised and a firm posture.

[Ooh]

And the song with a big sense of space comes back like a rush.

This time all the colors and accompaniment at once.

[Sometimes it doesn’t matter]

Amid colorful lights and electronic sounds Park Moon-dae’s well-spoken vocals come into the song.

Behind the large and powerful choreographic movements that break apart dancers are as black as shadows.

[if the world comes to an end]

[or not.]

They formed a formation and mixed men and women according to body balance but there was no pair choreography.

Instead the parts which were distributed considering only the tone of voice and the line of the choreography were played non-stop.

[Wherever I go

This feeling survives

The mood is all right]

Lee Se-jin who quickly completed the complex and long-reach choreography that fully brings out the flavor bursts into high notes again.

[Then I’m gonna jump into the fire]

The electronic sounds and beats are five times more gorgeous than the original song and the choreography is equally gorgeous but rough.

The moment when the white noise eats up the accompaniment and the song hooks.

[Like a bomb]

A laser explodes along with the drop.

[Yeah-ahahahah]

Jeongyulgi jumps out to the front sweeps the floor and picks up a black object.

It was thrown away when they appeared earlier.

A vague bar with no particular specificity.

However when Lee Se-jin leaps forward again and takes a firing stance with the bare stick like a gun lasers come out like firecrackers from there.

-??

-What is it?

To be precise the timing and angle were adjusted to make it look that way.

Next each movement which can be like a sword a bazooka or a gun pours out and the choreography is connected.

And the colorful laser explodes like the recoil of a weapon.

-and

The choreography adjusts the angles exquisitely and the lasers and LEDs are decorated as if they are reactions to the choreography movements.

The black dancers were knocked down by colorful lasers and all kinds of sci-fi effects were created in their place.

Moreover thanks to the exquisite camera work people watching on TV were able to experience a different experience.

It was like a one-take shot from a well-made action movie with the person moving in the center changing with each movement.

Due to differences in physique each center found the most effective movements and added flavor to each changing center.

[Like a bomb

Light up tonight.]

The moment when the 1 minute and 55 seconds of frantic running ends.

“Huh.”

Park Min-ha instinctively knew.

Even though I didn’t win this stage was a success.

[Yeah-ahahahah]

The song ended with four people in the middle of the fallen black crowd singing the last note each with a different tone.

* * *

‘It’s crazy.’

Park Min-ha thought idly as he staggered down to the backstage.

The stage where I poured out everything that made me vomit was somehow pleasing. Even when I felt it on stage the quality was so good that my heart felt like it was going to explode.

‘Furthermore because we used props the lack of uniformity in the choreography due to our different body sizes was brought to life… ’

Park Moon-dae’s idea was great.

She couldn’t control the rising desire to say goodbye and turned her head.

Jeong Yul-gi and Lee Se-jin ran away with the staff due to makeup issues.

Then even if it’s senior Park Moon-dae…!

“hmm.”

However Park Mun-dae was drinking water and looking at the other side with sunken eyes.

‘Are you unimpressed?’

Is it possible to create a stage like this on a daily basis?

Park Min-ha was somewhat shocked but soon realized that was not the case.

‘Oh you’re watching the next stage.’

He was looking at the monitor. The stage right after this is a song by Testa covered by the debut group of Azusa.

And the stage that is coming out now is…

[Go on picnic~]

‘Are you okay?’

I did better than I thought.

Park Min-ha thought about it during rehearsals but nodded that the choice of arrangement played a big role.

-From our respected senior Testa! We prepared the stage with a picnic!

They chose ‘Picnic’ over all of Testa’s conceptual and impressive titles.

Excluding ‘Promise’ it seemed like a wise choice to encourage people to sing along through that song which is the most popular of Testa’s songs.

Because capabilities are not directly compared.

Curious about what the person in question was thinking she inadvertently looked to the side.

‘What do you think… ’

“…!”

“hmm.”

Park Moon-dae was already looking at the monitor with a faint smile.

However it was not one filled with uniqueness or eyes that could see the target in check.

Instead there seemed to be a flash of triumph somewhere on his face.

Or confident.

‘uh…?’

But there was no time to think about it for long.

“I’m moving!”

“…! Yes yes! Let’s go!”

Park Min-ha said hello in a somewhat confused state and then ran to prepare for the next stage.

‘What was it?… Oh no! ‘Never mind.’

She decided not to try to find out more about Park Moon-dae than necessary.

And a few tens of minutes later.

This time Azusa’s debut team and Park Moon-dae will meet in the hallway.
