---
title: "Chapter 297"
category: "book"
index: 296
section: "Chapter 297"
slug: "297"
---

# Chapter 297

“You guys are bad. “I tricked you.”

“Hey~ Eugene what’s wrong with you!”

Cha Yu-jin seemed very shocked when she saw the laser chaos during rehearsal and after seeing the joint performance on stage she declared a boycott of the conversation.

The reason is ‘How can you do a performance like this without me?’

‘Yes it only lasted 30 minutes.’

After finishing Testa’s performance he seemed to be in a better mood and was slowly opening his mouth like that.

I said taking the towel off my head.

“Next time I will give you a laser dance so swing it like a double sword.”

“Oh!!… Umm it was better if I did it today!”

“Today is just one day. If we do it during our solo concerts we can do it for several months. “I think that would be better.”

“That’s right~ It’s better to do it multiple times!”

“That’s right!”

“Then it is more beneficial to wait.”

“OK Got it! “Brother I didn’t fool you.”

Now this is easy.

After accepting Cha Yu-jin’s words a few times I continued walking.

My body is much lighter compared to when I usually finish a concert.

‘Now 5 songs aren’t that hard.’

Compared to a solo concert it’s almost like eating raw food. Perhaps other participating groups had similar thoughts.

I opened the waiting room door and entered.

“Hello Senior Testa!”

Then I looked at the waiting cameras and the new group.

‘Same goes for these guys with their stupid hair.’

“It was really cool. Thank you for teaching me and helping me a lot!”

“We were really thankful~ Fighting debut!”

I officially greeted the 〈Azusa〉 debut group once more in the ending behind-the-scenes cut.

I opened the waiting room door and entered.

“Hello Senior Testa!”

Then I looked at the waiting cameras and the rookie group.

‘Same goes for these guys with their stupid hair.’

“It was really cool. Thank you for teaching me and helping me a lot!”

“We were really thankful~ Fighting debut!”

I officially greeted the 〈Azusa〉 debut group once more in the ending behind-the-scenes cut.

As soon as the cameras were turned off and the table was cleared I called one out.

“Heeseung.”

Gold 2.

“Yes?”

“Shall we talk for a moment?”

“yes!”

Among the new guys ‘They must be really friendly!’ There was a brief exchange of sounds and then Gold 2 happily followed behind me.

Big Sejin asked softly.

“Heeseung did something wrong right?”

“no.”

I lightly denied it. Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders and waved his hand. I think they probably assumed that I was going to talk about the performance in moderation.

But I brought Gold 2 to the van in the parking lot.

“…?”

“batter.”

At this point Gold 2 must have realized that the situation was unusual and began to lower his head voluntarily.

‘Did I make a mistake?’ is clearly visible.

‘Should I say… a mistake?’

I closed the car door and threw a can of drink at him.

“Oh thank you.”

I quickly got Gold 2 and got a drink. I waited for a moment before he brought the drink to my lips.

And the right timing.

‘…I never thought I would say this line.’

Not that crazy guy. I held back a sigh and opened my mouth.

“So… what year did you come back from?”

“…!! Cough.”

Gold 2 barely managed to squirt its drink.

It was unfortunate but that reaction alone was no different from the answer.

“Uh uh…”

I said taking out another can of drink and squeezing it in my hand.

“You said it too openly.”

The circumstances were unique from the beginning.

‘It is rare for a contestant from the previous season to come in first place.’

This is especially true if the audition was a success.

The production team said that viewers prefer faces that are fresh and unique to that season.

‘But this guy ended up debuting at number one.’

Moreover his attitude was very calm when he let go of Chae Seo-dam who was already in first place during this process.

-Ah… Ah it was a bit strange somehow.

It was a bit surprising that after this much reaction they completely trusted what we said.

‘The response was too skillful for someone of that age.’

So the next time we met I checked the status window.

This is what was in the bottom compartment at that time.

[! Status abnormality\: bounce back]

-I really end up with an idol!

\: ‘Failure’ if the team cannot come together within the period.

Don’t you get the feeling right from the structure?

This is a status abnormality similar to Cheongryeo’s ‘correction’ or my ‘debut or death’.

And the things this guy said while dealing with Chae Seo-dam.

-Whoa… no how could he debut again this time…

Even what was hastily glossed over after this. It was as if the heartache had ended here.

Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung returned from the future.

Maybe as my next hitter.

“Starting from the fact that Chae Seo-dam debuted ‘this time too’ your actions in general are very revealing.”

“…”

Of course Kwon Hee-seung doesn’t seem to have the mental capacity to admit it. It was worth it. First of all the biggest problem is trust. From this guy’s perspective there is absolutely no reason to tell me that he came from the future.

‘I need to throw bait from my side too.’

I had some information to dig up from this guy. I guess I’ll have to endure it.

‘Let’s start by giving this much.’

Sweet.

I muttered as I opened the can of drink.

“I’m from the future too.”

“Huh-uh-up.”

Aren’t your lungs popping out?

Gold 2 covered his mouth and looked at me.

“…”

“…”

There seemed to be a long silence and then he nodded and muttered.

“…somehow! “I said you were really good at it.”

Did it work?

“Oh yeah.”

“Wow I thought it was just me but was this really a precognitive dream? And so it was.”

Gold 2 must have been quite frustrated so words poured out.

“As expected someone else came back too right? It’s not just me. “It’s usually like that when I watch dramas.”

I think there’s a misunderstanding but should I just leave it at that and try to get it right?

I also wanted to understand the situation.

“okay. So… did you come back because something went wrong while you were active?”

However Kwon Hee-seung answered like this with a face that seemed to be dripping with sweat.

“Uh I… I wasn’t an idol.”

…what?

* * *

“…She was a model.”

“Yep.”

I felt like the conversation would be long so I moved to work.

Gold 2 said ‘I thought my heart was going to drop’ and continued to sip green tea.

“Wow… there were a lot of things that happened while I was that model. So I really thought I had taken the wrong path.”

“hmm.”

“So this time I got rid of the model and came back to ‘Azusa’.”

Gold 2 looked a little proud saying that he was confident because he had watched this season diligently.

“Then Chaeseodam…”

“ah! Anyway as soon as he debuted he was in an uproar due to dating rumors and personality controversies. So I sent it to you without any guilt!”

It was like that too.

I was about to ask him about my future but I just let him talk some more.

“For some reason my brother is as good as a ghost! Wow… I feel so relieved. “It was good but I was anxious about what was going on.”

Gold 2 has a much more comfortable look.

“The usual cause is that the Earth was destroyed and people were sent to the past but is that really the case??”

This guy clearly thinks I’m back in the same time zone as him.

And this is the first time I have returned to the past.

Looking at the explanation in the status window this guy might be his first and last chance like me.

‘This is a different case again.’

I guess I’ll have to find out more.

“Let’s check first. “You’ve been back for a few years.”

“Uh… that’s the end of this year so um… I guess it’s 11 months?”

“…”

1 year?

“It’s totally awesome right? Not even a day ago I don’t know what’s going on.”

I was speechless for a moment and looked at him.

Isn’t that… almost like not coming back?

“You bought that stock. Really… what did you buy? Have you ever bought a lottery ticket? Oh I guess you don’t need it.”

“hmm.”

First of all my knowledge of the future is poor. I returned to my original purpose with a wry smile.

I guess I can reveal this much for now.

“I came back a little while ago. “Now the future I returned to has passed and become the past.”

According to the truth check I saw last time there is a lost memory… But let’s leave that out for now and connect the logic.

“oh my god. So bro have you figured out anything so far?”

I rubbed my chin deliberately.

“I’m guessing that… If it’s okay may I ask what you did right before you returned to the past?”

Based on the cases so far… it is likely to be a sensitive question so I thought I would understand if you hesitated to answer.

However this guy’s reaction was a bit different.

“how? Ah… it might be a little funny.”

Gold 2 smiled embarrassedly with a cold sweat on his face.

“What is it?”

“I accidentally fell into the river and hit my head on the bridge… so my luck was really bad…”

“…”

“Oh no! I was trying to help someone with this! I wasn’t the only one who did something stupid!! A living saint! There was an accident while filming. Wow the environment is really poor…”

It started with an excuse but Gold 2 burst into anger as if he had something to say anyway.

It is said that there were many ups and downs while working as a model so when she worked and rested she stayed at home and denied the world.

Gold 2 sighed.

“…Anyway as I got into it I think I thought things like ‘I’ll never come back to this dirty industry again’ or ‘Idol was the answer’ right? Then the situation became so that I could really become an idol…”

for a moment.

“Then you now… have what you wanted.”

“Well you can say so right?”

Gold 2 nodded. I glanced at him.

‘A guy who returned to the past just once.’

And what I want is… ‘To quit being a model and become an idol.’

…I can see the angle.

I first took out the variable that bothered me.

“If you had come back earlier you could have debuted in the previous season with me… What do you think about that?”

“Uh uh…”

Gold 2 rubbed his head with a embarrassed expression.

“My brother. I’m sorry but that’s a bit…”

“…??”

“That season was so bad that it would be a shame to do it again…”

“…”

“iced coffee! And honestly I don’t even have the confidence to debut in that lineup! “To be honest it was a scam.”

…I don’t really have anything to refute.

‘Anyway I didn’t like it.’

I tapped my fingers on the desk and threw out the proposition I had organized.

“Then do you think that the time of your return is the most appropriate time to achieve what you wanted right before you returned?”

“yes? uh…”

Gold 2 seemed to ponder for a moment as if he had never thought of it that way but then nodded.

“I see! “I think it summarizes only the parts I wanted to try again.”

It was certain. I intertwined my fingers.

‘You’ve returned to the point you want most.’

I recalled Cheongryeo’s point of view in ‘Truth Confirmation’.

The guy’s monologue.

-If I had planned it I wouldn’t have done it this way.

…That guy wanted to start being an idol all over again.

Maybe… ‘keep going until you succeed’.

And we returned to the point before debut.

‘i get it.’

outlined.

system. This bastard doesn’t just bounce people back in time.

‘It’s about granting wishes.’

Aspiration regret whatever you call it… it reflects the wishes of the person involved.

According to this strand status abnormalities can be seen as coming from the same context. This is because the penalty is structured in a way that matches the fulfillment of the person’s wishes.

‘Just fall off.’

However there is a problem.

…It’s me.

‘I don’t remember wishing for something like this.’

Comparing it to the two cases before and after me I definitely feel a sense of incongruity.

No matter how drunk or depressed I was it’s hard to think that I would suddenly want to become an idol in someone else’s body.

So… is this ‘Park Moon-dae’s’ wish?

Why?

“…”

First I think we need to explore more detailed conditions to understand the mechanism.

And to find out more details case comparison would be needed.

“brother?”

“…hmm. for a moment.”

After thinking for a moment I took out my smartphone.

[Are you on tour]

After a while.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: On the move]

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: What’s going on?]

In the end there is only one choice.

Let’s cross-verify.
