---
title: "Chapter 298"
category: "book"
index: 297
section: "Chapter 298"
slug: "298"
---

# Chapter 298

Idols before and after their active period are extremely busy.

When there is no name value you are busy publicizing it and when you have name value you are busy trying to get your money’s worth.

In that sense it is quite a reckless challenge for 10-year-olds who released a new hit song just before debut and are currently on a stadium tour for 4 years to come together in a hurry.

[So this is a video call? oh my god.]

“okay.”

I pressed my eyebrows as I looked at the split screen on my laptop.

The left space is empty. And on the right Gold 2 is sitting wearing a headset with an excited face.

The time is now 2 am.

We chose a time when all three of us were there so this was the only time left.

“It’s probably true that it’s in a soundproof place.”

[yes. I’m currently in the dorm’s dressing room and the door is locked! But even if you get caught won’t everyone think you’re talking about a drama?]

“…”

I barely answered.

“Still be careful.”

[yes!]

Maybe it’s because he only came back for 11 months and was successful in the stock market but this guy is too light.

He seems like he knows how to use his brain but his attitude… well it’s his life so he’ll take care of it.

[Our team name came up. Do you know anything? Spacer!]

“Okay congratulations.”

Gold 2 After talking about his personal life for a while Heeseung Kwon took a deep breath and began to talk about the main topic.

[I’m a little excited. Future People’s Meeting… It’s about to be released on Net Plus.]

Is that so?

[And really… wow I never imagined that senior would come too.]

Yes there may be some explanation on this point as well.

I checked the initials that lit up as ‘online’ in the friends window on the screen.

-CHR

As anyone can see this guy is Cheongryeo.

That’s right. Rather than isolating these bastards separately and collecting information while maintaining anonymity I was open from the beginning and prepared for a three-way meeting.

There is one reason.

[Now that I think about it I have also collected information on what kind of situation this is.]

Gold 2 This bastard… would have been caught within a few months at the latest.

Look at that.

[Is there a cafe called ‘People who came back from the future’ on the Internet? But it turns out that they are just pretending like that… what kind of worldview is this? Wow I was really disappointed.]

“…”

‘By the end of the year he must have been getting robbed by Cheongnyeo.’

I can assure you.

And do you have the confidence to handle it when Cheongryeo finds out too late that I already knew this guy’s identity and took advantage of him?

I thought for a moment and then nodded.

‘Yes.’

There is nothing you can’t do.

However it is a very obvious and troublesome future. There is no need to brag about it. It would be better to explode something I can control.

I moved the mouse to join ‘CHR’ Cheongryeo in the video call.

Soon the guy’s face appeared on the screen with the hotel room in the background.

It said ‘Argentina’ and it was daytime. Cheongryeo soon opened her mouth probably checking her screen.

[hello.]

[Wow hello senior…! It’s really nice to meet you like this!]

[yes. nice to meet you.]

With a smile on his face he glanced at the corner of the screen where Gold 2 was likely to be.

Those eyes look like they’re expressing some kind of emotion.

‘I won’t think nonsense.’

I recalled the situation when I gave him information.

-So… the winner of this &lt;Azusa&gt; is someone who has returned from the past?

He didn’t seem excited or overly interested. I was just talking nonsense.

-That’s fun. Has there been any tradition since you were a junior?

-Stop even joking.

-And 11 months… Well I guess I should say it didn’t work out.

-That’s bad?

-haha. Wouldn’t there be some benefit if there was at least a difference of at least 2 years? Well it would be difficult for that team to do well. I don’t think there’s any specific information to extract… Where should I use it?

After weighing it I think it would be a good explanation to say that it was not worth the price compared to competitors or trading partners.

Anyway I stated my purpose honestly.

-I don’t need future information.

-then?

-I’m trying to come up with a hypothesis as to why we’re doing this.

The guy on the other end of the phone didn’t answer for quite a long time and then gave only a short answer.

-is it so.

And now I am participating in this video call.

“Once everyone says hello let’s start the conversation.”

[yes yes!]

[Haha please speak comfortably.]

I’m already tired. I opened my mouth trying my best to keep my composure.

“First of all… I’d like to organize the time zone first.”

[…? Time zone?]

[Ah the order.]

Cheongryeo rested her chin and muttered.

[Time won’t be wasted. Let’s see… First of all my junior said he started in December 4 years ago.]

right. The day I woke up in that old motel with Park Moon-dae’s wallet.

I nodded.

[What about that one?]

[Yes when I opened my eyes it was the end of October last year!]

The pattern is strange.

Based on memory my knowledge of the future lasted until July of last summer.

‘The day I confirmed that I failed the public examination drank alcohol and then fell asleep.’

However it was in October last winter that Gold 2 returned from the future and woke up.

July and October.

‘It’s been three months.’

There is a difference from the time of Cheongnyeo and Park Mun-dae which were connected almost immediately.

However that unfamiliar memory that I saw in the last ‘Truth Confirmation’…if it is true the period overlaps.

It was at least a year worth of memories of me quitting my civil service exam and getting a job at a company.

‘Then Gold 2 shouldn’t have appeared already without considering the future.’

Neither fits perfectly.

So in order for this to fit together neatly…

“…!”

Let’s change the assumption itself for a moment.

okay. Unless ‘the future as I know it’ is not the standard for this strange baton touch.

Next isn’t there a reasonable standard?

“…Senior.”

[yes?]

I asked quietly.

“…When did you realize that you had cleared the last mission?”

[…]

Status clear date.

[Mission? What mission do we have?]

Cheongnyeo ignored Gold 2’s remarks as if they had never happened and answered briefly.

[November 30th.]

I see.

And I…

It was the Chuseok holiday last year. It’s October. I still remember. The hologram of pollen exploding that appeared at that time.

[great success!]

User\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo) succeeded in removing all status abnormalities!

I chuckled. I understand now.

“Was it this?”

[Any new thoughts?]

“It seems like when the existing person clears all the missions a new person appears.”

I erased the line drew it again and displayed it on the call screen.

[4 years ago /

Cheongryeo late November (mission clear) – Park Moon Dae mid-December (start)]

[1 year ago /

Park Moon-dae mid-October (mission clear) – Kwon Hee-seung late October (start)]

It fits neatly.

[…]

Cheongryeo erased his expression and raised his gaze. As if measuring it.

And then he nodded.

[You can think of it this way. But why does that bother me?]

“Let’s assume there’s… something here.”

Among these there is a situation that only I felt intuitively.

This is because I saw with my own eyes the occurrence and disappearance of ‘status abnormalities’ which this guy called missions and various special abilities through the status window.

“It’s something that wakes people up from their past according to their wishes and even customizes their mission.”

The operating system disappeared leaving me with only a status window.

‘System.’

“I think the story is correct if you assume that there is only one and that he switches to someone else the moment the mission is completed.”

[Hmm.]

So perhaps the criterion for this chain of returning to the past is ‘the presence or absence of a system’.

How about thinking that the system that left me after I finished all the status abnormalities during the holidays in October of last year entered the body of Gold 2?

And now I have granted the wish of that new body and given it a ‘status abnormality’.

[Hey… I’m sorry but can you tell me what the mission is… I’m a little scared!]

To that guy who is crying right now.

“It’s like something I have to do in return for coming to the past.”

[yes??]

Cheongnyeo opened her mouth with her eyes looking at a piece of leaflet or something.

[Let’s think of something that needs to be done right now.]

[Uh um… are you debuting safely?]

[In the sense of vision not plan.]

[Rain vision? Uh… Our members are all good at working together so it lasts a long time!]

[Um really? I think it’s better than first place in this situation. cheer up.]

[yes?]

[hmm? Isn’t this enough of a compliment?]

This crazy guy.

After giving an appropriate explanation to Gold 2 who was shocked I returned the conversation.

Fortunately I quickly figured out whether Gold 2’s head was worth using.

[Uh oh then… I don’t know what it is but something that sends that person to the past is coming back and forth to us?]

“yes.”

If I had to call it that… it feels like a form of catching a host.

This mental parasite which I call ‘the system’ changes bodies while granting wishes.

But I still don’t know how to change it.

“I think there must be a reason why these people were selected.”

Gold 2 held up the dog with a slightly expectant look on his face.

[Ah maybe you saved someone and almost lost their life honorably… something like that? Do you need qualifications?]

Cheongryeo grinned.

[It’s a unique idea.]

“…”

Definitely not.

I think… he seems like a guy who is willing to die and has a wish he would like to go back in time and fulfill.

‘I’m sure there aren’t just one or two people like that.’

Honestly if you put your mind to it you could find hundreds or thousands of people a day who would change jobs faster. It’s overflowing.

There are some biases in terms of occupation and age group but it is difficult to say that they are clearly divided.

Is that enough?

“…”

After a few meaningless suggestions and considerations passed through my mind.

Cheongryeo opened her mouth again.

[Let’s see… I’ve taken time into consideration so far. This time why not try reversing the axis?]

“on the other way?”

[space.]

“…!”

[I guess you like it.]

This supernatural phenomenon… It wasn’t an idea that was easy to come up with but it was definitely a usable idea if processed a little more.

If we add the concept of the system ‘moving’…

“Let’s do it on the street.”

I asked quietly.

The focus is on the date the system passed.

“What was your position when you realized the mission was completed on the 11th?”

[In the car. Probably… the Western Main Road.]

I immediately turned on the map app.

“…!”

[Where did your junior wake up with future knowledge?]

“…Guro-dong.”

In the map app you can see the Western Main Road passing right next to Guro-dong.

“It’s nearby.”

The joy passes briefly.

Laughing was heard from beyond the screen.

[Oh this is interesting. Where did you wake up with future knowledge?]

[That’s Hangang Park! Gwangnaru!]

The place where the Gold 2 system was installed is Gwangnaru Hangang Park.

And the place where I officially cleared the status abnormality and the system disappeared was Bae Se-jin’s house.

“…It’s near Cheonho-dong.”

[omg!!]

Bae Se-jin’s house is in Cheonho-dong.

There is a view of the Han River.

‘Fuck you.’

It fits perfectly.

‘Time and distance.’

In the end the system chose the one who could get in the fastest among the candidates.

A voice mixed with laughter asked.

[how is it? Is this a useful inference?]

I declared calmly.

“yes.”

* * *

In this way the three-way meeting ended with the desired result.

‘Now if we just figure out how to select candidates for the system we can see a rough outline of it.’

It will become clearer if I break it down a little more but honestly it exceeds my expectations.

[Wow already! sorry!]

And Gold 2 who was deeply engrossed checked the time and ended the call first freaked out by the early morning schedule.

I was about to hang up the phone to get some sleep for a few hours.

“Shall we leave it at this?”

However instead of getting ready to turn off the screen the blue bird tapped the screen and opened its mouth again. I guess it’s because it’s daytime so I’m still fresh.

[I don’t understand.]

“what.”

The guy spoke monotonously and knocked on the desk.

Tuk-tuk.

[I don’t know why this conversation was rushed. Isn’t this the kind of thing that can be exploited even if you guess and formulate a theory?]

[Your junior of course would have known. Even if you analyze this pattern it’s not like you can figure out the next person. It is not possible to know where that person will die in the future.]

Cheongryeo grinned.

[Or… is there a separate way to try?]

Damn it.

I held back a sigh and opened my mouth.

“therefore…”

At that time a knock was heard outside the door.

-dripping.

“…!”

“Mundae?”

It was my roommate’s voice.
