---
title: "Chapter 299"
category: "book"
index: 298
section: "Chapter 299"
slug: "299"
---

# Chapter 299

Normally you wouldn’t be surprised to hear your roommate’s voice in the early morning but this situation is a bit unusual.

‘I’m going to be amazed.’

Today Ryu Cheong-woo was a guest on a camping entertainment show that was held for 2 days and 1 night.

So since it was virtually a private room the video call was conducted comfortably.

[oh…]

“for a moment.”

widely.

I closed my laptop for now. Then I got up and headed for the door.

“Hyung wait a minute.”

And opened the door.

Liu Chengwu dressed lightly was standing with a somewhat puzzled expression. I’m curious too. why are you here

“Well I thought you were filming.”

“Oh due to a casting issue I decided to rejoin tomorrow evening.”

Liu Chengyu touched the back of his neck a few times and said in a slightly embarrassed tone.

“But the door was locked… I was just going to sleep in the living room if you were sleeping but I heard a noise.”

“…”

If you heard what I was saying there was no way you would be so calm.

‘It’s also a place with good soundproofing to begin with.’

I suppressed a sigh and stepped away.

“There were a lot of noisy people so I guess I locked it and forgot about it. sorry.”

“There’s nothing to be sorry about.”

That seems sincere but it’s even funnier that he seems to understand this excuse. I briefly thanked Cha Yu-jin and then sat down on my bed.

I waited for a while and when Liu Chengyu went to wash up I took the laptop and went out…

“Mundae the laptop light is coming on.”

“I was playing a game just now.”

Liu Chengwu seemed a little shocked.

“Until this morning?”

“Yeah whatever. “I think it’ll be okay for a day or so.”

As I was thinking about Cha Yu-jin right up until now this excuse came to mind. I feel like my dignity is being shattered.

A shaky answer came back.

“Um… it can be bad for your health so let’s try to moderate it.”

“yes.”

I answered with difficulty.

“I will sort it out now.”

“okay. “Even if tomorrow’s schedule is for the afternoon it’s already 3 am.”

Liu Qingyu smiled faintly and began to take out his pajamas.

I resisted the urge to pound the bed with my fist and made a rational decision.

‘I’ll go in to wash up in 30 seconds.’

So get ready to pretend to organize your laptop…

“Well it’s Mundae. Since this is a situation… is it okay if I ask you something?”

“sure.”

Liu Chengwu holding the clothes opened his eyes a little cautiously.

I should have guessed it there.

“I’m talking about that VTIC senior.”

Oh damn.

I swallowed my sleep at the topic on my laptop.

‘It’s covered so you won’t be able to hear it.’

“After listening to Sejin it seems like there was an incident. “Did that senior do something?”

“hmm…”

I did the math briefly. How close to the truth and specifically will you tell it?

And the appropriate concentration was created.

First of all to avoid unnecessary reactions imply that it is a thing of the past.

“I had some work done before.”

And the mood changes by focusing on the explanation that it is not my fault rather than the incident itself.

“They started a fight and started a fight. “I didn’t hit him first but I fought back.”

“A fight?”

“yes. So we got into a fight with each other… fistfighting.”

“…”

I was a little confused.

good. I think it will end up in a similar situation as the last two guys with the same name.

“That… sounds like he tried to hit his junior and got hit back.”

Exactly.

“That’s right. There was probably a difference in age… From a hierarchical perspective it was their fault. “I fought back well.”

“okay.”

Is it the end?

It’s time to finally get some consolation or advice…

“But have you become close enough to play games with that senior?”

“…!”

shit.

I don’t know how many times this has surprised me.

However it seems that Liu Chengyu did not intend to interrogate him but was just curious.

“I was coming in earlier and I heard a sound coming from your earphones. “I didn’t mean to listen to it on purpose.”

As soon as the laptop was closed it didn’t go back to dormancy but rather came alive for a while. Anyway he’s a good guy.

“Do you have any concerns or inconveniences? “About that.”

…He seems a little worried.

Perhaps as I add up various circumstances including the recording of my informal language I am suspecting a situation in which the military is constantly being arrested and harassed.

Is this speculation that they are using it as a production bot in the game until dawn to harass their juniors?

‘He must have come across a lot of cases because he used to exercise.’

I shrugged.

“Not really. After fighting it became easier for me to contact you. “I received plenty of apologies.”

“hmm.”

“I’m using it well so you don’t have to worry.”

“…Do you use it?”

“Well… it’s easy once you get it all sorted out. “Don’t worry it’s something you can easily mobilize from time to time.”

“Just wait…”

Liu Qingyu seemed to understand something but then a look of concern flashed across his face.

And then he hurriedly asked.

“Mundae that doesn’t mean you’re harassing me on the contrary does it?”

I’m the one who gets annoyed every time. You bastard.

“sure.”

Conversely I spent some time reassuring Liu Chengwu who was beginning to become concerned about the situation.

“Brother do I really look like that type of person?”

“No. Of course not. But since you’re so smart… if you want revenge you don’t have to be the same person…”

“Let’s go take a shower instead of saying nothing.”

Ryu Cheong-woo then went into the bathroom with a shy smile and I came out to the living room with my laptop saying ‘I will explain that I will leave after finishing the game.’

Then I turned my back to the veranda and opened my laptop. I was thinking of stopping the app and turning it off… but to my surprise Cheongnyeo’s face appeared.

[ah.]

It looks like he was working on something while writing it down.

But why didn’t you bother hanging up on this video call?

[Are you finished talking?]

“I didn’t know you were still online.”

[I want to hear the answer to the question.]

Ah does it come back to that in the end?

‘There are so many people asking for an explanation for this and that.’

I answered lowly pressing my throbbing forehead.

“It’s difficult to say out loud so let’s chat.”

[great.]

-CHR\: Like this?

-Apple\: Yes

-CHR\: ^^

-CHR\: So why are you doing analysis that you can’t use?

Did you leave it to me?

I felt skeptical for a moment but then I quickly typed away considering this guy’s contribution.

-Apple\: There is something I want to deduce when I completely analyze the pattern.

-CHR\: What kind of work do you do?

-Apple\: I don’t know why I’m here

-Apple\: I have a vague memory of that time.

I can hear him making a low sound through my earphones.

I thought I was lost in thought but then a ridiculous text came to mind.

-CHR\: Wasn’t it your wish to become an idol with a new identity?

-Apple\: I heard you were a civil service exam student.

-Apple\: My only relevance is taking data and selling it.

-CHR\: Could it be that you secretly developed an admiration for idols?

This guy is real.

I deliberately did not express any emotion and calmly operated the keyboard.

-Apple\: Looking at the cases of you and Kwon Hee-seung it seems like you had quite specific wishes.

-Apple\: Do you think I will?

Laughter was heard from the earphones. I tried to change the setting to silent but stopped just before that.

-CHR\: Okay

okay.

-CHR\: But I don’t think that’s the only thing.

what?

-CHR\: I don’t think I was the type of person who showed all of their cards because they wanted to feel refreshed.

-CHR\: Any other reasons?

okay. Since I had the exceptional tools of status windows and missions I was able to do a lot more.

But even if you don’t have to explain it there is an explanation that can be given. I paused for a moment and then slowly wrote a response.

-Apple\: I hope this crazy thing doesn’t happen in the future

In the end it comes down to here.

A wish is a wish but in fact going through a ‘status abnormality’ without a status window is crazy.

How many times have I almost died right now?

…I don’t even know how many times the guy across from me has died.

‘It’s already crazy in the sense that there is no choice or knowledge.’

This must have been one of the reasons why I took action as soon as I got the clue instead of waiting for the ‘conversation with Park Moon-dae’.

However the person chatting doesn’t seem to agree. Cheongryeo glanced at the monitor.

-CHR\: So does that mean it would be better to just die?

-Apple\: Is that possible?

Again extreme.

-Apple\: If you want to prevent people from dying you can use another method.

-Apple\: Whether you are conducting a campaign to donate

-Apple\: I don’t think it’s a good idea to send everything to the past and make it go away again if you can’t clear it.

A short answer came back.

-CHR\: Are you unhappy now?

It’s funny because it comes from someone who has made a profit.

I typed again.

-Apple\: We are a successful case

-Apple\: You don’t know what happened to those who failed

Kwon Hee-seung’s condition abnormality.

It clearly just said ‘failure’ and the effect was not written down.

‘Cheongryeo clearly even specified a restart.’

In that case it usually means that in case of ‘failure’ it may just be the end of my condition.

As for what happens after that… it doesn’t feel very positive.

-Apple\: It will be difficult to catch the next target.

-Apple\: Still if you analyze the pattern you might come up with a way to stop it.

-Apple\: Isn’t it worth a try?

Because space and time are factors that can be controlled.

[…]

There was no answer for a few seconds. The guy only moved his hand on the mouse a few times.

The answer came just as I realized it was like petting a dog.

[Maybe so.]

I nodded slowly.

And the guy on the screen suddenly laughed heartily.

‘what?’

-CHR\: and

-CHR\: To prevent variables from occurring in activities due to people with future knowledge?

“…”

-Apple\: What do you check when you know it?

[ha ha ha!!]

I can hear it even through the earphones. I got fed up and turned the setting to silent this time.

-CHR\: It’s good to kick the ladder.

-CHR\: Yes. I will cooperate well in the future junior.

“This bird…”

“Are you still playing?”

At that moment I realized again that I was sitting in the living room of my dorm.

“no. wait a minute.”

Good thing I put it back on silent.

-Apple\: Turn off.

This time I closed the app and turned off the laptop completely.

Liu Chengwu was sticking his upper body out of the room with a mysterious smile.

“It looks like the game was a lot of fun.”

“I will delete it.”

“No I don’t think so…”

“no. I will do that for myself.”

After silently enduring Liu Chengwu’s continued encouragement I lay down on the bed.

“I’ll close the door.”

“yes.”

‘Let’s get some good sleep.’

After asking for Ryu Cheng-wu’s understanding I set the alarm for 10 o’clock and put down my smartphone.

I was more tired than I thought probably because I said a lot of things I wouldn’t normally say when typing.

‘…I guessed all the circumstances I could think of right now.’

A system that transfers to a candidate who is close in time and space.

Figuring out that pattern was something that could be considered an achievement. But the more I did it the more specific details became apparent.

‘How does the system know and replace those who will voluntarily die in the future?’

No it was a transcendental ability that allowed him to return to the past at the point of death in the first place.

I inadvertently called up the status window.

[Name\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

A list of lines that start like that.

Why is this still with me even though the system of replacing people has left?

It was a strange feeling that the more I analyzed the pattern the more my uniqueness was revealed.

And in the end I realize that my choice was not wrong.

‘In the end it is necessary to talk to ‘Park Moon-dae’.’

I couldn’t deny it. There was a high probability that the gap I had could be found there.

‘And if things continue like this at least one target… ’

When I thought about that I fell asleep.

It was a deep dreamless sleep for the first time in a while.

And the next day.

Jiiiing-!

“…”

You slept soundly.

I turned off the 10 o’clock alarm and erased the message notifications and pop-ups on the screen.

And although I didn’t pay much attention to it there was an entertainment newsletter app that I recently started subscribing to.

[“I can’t feel the military fatigue” T-holic’s 6-member comeback]

I later found out that it was nothing more than a disaster warning.
