---
title: "Chapter 300"
category: "book"
index: 299
section: "Chapter 300"
slug: "300"
---

# Chapter 300

Tea Holic. The first group that dominated the idol industry before VTIC came to power.

To sum it up in one word it is a symbol of idols of all generations.

“Isn’t this the person who first sang the song that Mumundae sang?”

“okay.”

‘Party in me’ which I sang during the ranking evaluation in 〈Azusa〉 was a song from this group member’s solo album.

‘My annual leave is so full that it’s been several years since I encouraged solo activities.’

Most contemporary idols have already gone their separate ways.

However they released an album again with all but one member.

I indifferently watched T-Holic’s music video autoplay located at the bottom of a real-time popular video on WeTube.

Coincidentally the member who sang the song I covered was Thumbnail.

[T-Holic – Let’s go M/V]

To be honest it doesn’t have a very sophisticated taste and the sensibility feels like it was a few years ago.

“T-Holic seniors have made a comeback~ Wow it’s been a while. “I did a lot of covers when I was in middle school~”

Sejin Lee who was sitting in the back seat nods her head and pretends to know.

Thanks to this even Cha Yu-jin got aggro…

“Who? Umm… I don’t know.”

Perhaps because he’s an American guy he didn’t seem very interested in idols who were popular more than 10 years ago.

However Raebin Kim seems to have been shocked.

“You don’t know Mr. Teaholic very well?”

“that’s right!”

“It’s unprofessional to not understand the background knowledge while actively working as a KPOP idol!”

“…! I know a lot of KPOP songs! “It’s not just a song I studied!”

okay. Cha Yu-jin’s claim makes sense because by the time KPOP entered the United States everyone was busy serving in the military and could not participate in group activities.

“I know your name! Senior Tea Holic!”

“It’s not enough!”

My ears are falling off.

These days whenever a topic comes up the reaction explodes in a chain reaction and turns into this mess.

I watched unimpressed as Bae Se-jin across from me crumpled further into the corner and plugged in his earphones.

Activities are going smoothly and no one is particularly worried or acting suspiciously.

As a result even trivial conversations like this get a big response.

‘There are things we have become accustomed to with each other.’

I looked at the guys who were interrupting each other’s words and interrupting the conversation without hesitation and then I settled the situation.

The reality show will turn out well.

That was the end of my feelings that day. However T-Holic’s comeback had a bigger impact than expected.

The first was a nostalgic feeling.

In layman’s terms it’s a memory seller.

-Once again there were so many T-holic songs.

-Honestly the individual charms of previous generations were better but now they look like factory dolls.

-Oh I miss it. At that time everyone was wearing UGG boots and I gave them that.

People in their 20s and 30s reminisced about their childhood and responded favorably to Tea Holic.

Since a group album was released after several years with almost no members leaving it became a hot topic amid nostalgia and admiration.

Even people who disliked Tea Holic at the time responded positively with a mixture of glorification and longing for their childhood.

‘Of course if the song is not good the feelings will disappear like a typhoon in a teacup.’

But here comes the next factor.

The second is the attribute of Tea Holic.

These bastards were… funny.

-I almost vomited from laughing.

– No I think I’m crazy about falling. Why do we all fall together lol?

-What did you do in the military and how did you become funnier?

-I’m not a fan but when I came to my senses all the algorithms were T-Holic clips.

From WeTube content that recalls the K-pop past to TV airwaves.

These guys hit the jackpot by appearing on entertainment shows. It was thanks to the skill of keeping the line while not being afraid of being broken.

Leisure and sense.

‘The Jjambap you ate isn’t going anywhere. It can be seen as the complete opposite of VTIC’s line of fine-tuning media exposure one by one.’

They gained momentum by greedily seizing content.

Normally it would lose its freshness and it would be normal to eat it in moderation and then collapse or become quiet but it happened through a few lucky coincidences.

Several scenes from the broadcast became memes.

-T-Holic Tray Karaoke is a legend.

-Is it my fault?.swf

-Is it my fault the meme came from Tea Holic?

In the end they succeeded in appealing to the younger generation by becoming popular with the latest memes instead of the existing images that were consumed as they were consumed and all their sweetness was lost.

And with that momentum they even created a WeTube channel that airs their own entertainment.

[A new start on our WeTube… PPL madmen of desire | T-Holic’s Show Business Ep.1]

Moreover unlike this entertainment topic T Holic’s album and sound recording performance was not at a great level.

It’s just a matter of respect and respect.

In the current KPOP market swollen by inflation their sales volume was at the bottom of the first tier.

As a result there was less of an atmosphere in which fans of current idols were keeping them in check as competitors.

-Show business is really neat. It’s just professional entertainment haha.

-I hope our kids come out too.

They were categorized and consumed in a different category from existing idols.

And in the end amidst this momentum T Holic’s own entertainment became a huge hit within a short period of time.

It was a bad sign.

* * *

“…”

I checked the viewership ratings for T-Holic’s entertainment show which was a huge hit on WeTube and was even aired as a regular entertainment show on CVN.

Episode 1 is considered open-ended but episode 2 is important…

-2 episodes\: 5.8%

It was a flagship figure. Because it was at the level of CVN’s prime time entertainment show.

‘It’s too much.’

It came in during a gap in which there were no popular dramas or entertainment shows and did better than expected.

“Oh~ T-Holic seniors are in good spirits.”

Keun Se-jin who like me was waiting for the next photoshoot shrugged his shoulders and joined in.

I obediently agreed.

“I know.”

Of course it didn’t seem like it would last long.

‘If things go well beyond what is expected there will be people who will try to kill you at any cost.’

It’s interesting gossip when a successful person goes bankrupt. The moment one pod is caught the controversy will kill the momentum.

Even if that’s not the case entertainment-type buzz doesn’t have a long lifespan. So the lifespan of this trend is… about three or four months at most.

‘That’s not even a competitor.’

In the first place everyone knows that in terms of grades it is embarrassing to even mention it in the same context.

But the problem was that it was now.

‘We shouldn’t lose the buzz in the second half of the year.’

This is because although Testa sold both music and albums well neither one was confirmed as the overwhelming top.

‘That’s VTIC and Younglin.’

Therefore in order to win the grand prize in the current evaluation system divided into music and albums the image of the ‘popular’ had to be solid.

But suddenly these guys are sucking up the popularity.

‘And these guys are officially classified as idols anyway.’

So the idol that is getting the most attention from the public right now is… T-Holic.

‘It’s dangerous.’

If the value of the ‘trending now’ item which exists separately from grades falls Testa’s presence will be damaged and the target will suffer.

I muttered as I turned off my smartphone screen.

“We have to work hard too.”

“yes?”

Big Sejin lightly affirmed.

This guy seems to have figured it out as he doesn’t go over well with comments like ‘I’m already working hard what are you talking about?’

“Good luck to the end of the year~”

And even those who even if they don’t know the details are just inspired and pledge to do their best.

“Ugh! I’ll talk more about it on entertainment shows too…!”

“Obviously idols are general artists so I feel once again that they need various entertainer talents in addition to recording activities.”

In that sense there were people in this group who could be useful even with numbers that were not displayed in the status window.

Mental.

This means that even in a situation like this where things are going so well the spirit of improvement is maintained enough to consider various variables and make a rational decision.

‘Usually in situations like this people get possessed.’

We are currently shooting a photo shoot.

“Yes I will proceed right away~”

“yep!”

It wasn’t just a typical magazine pictorial.

Through a partnership with a certain magazine we are in the process of creating a special issue that uses only Testa’s pictorials and interview advertisements from beginning to end.

I understand that this magazine which has 8 covers including individual shots of individual members and groups has already exceeded 800000 pre-orders.

“Oh my god it’s so pretty~”

“haha!”

There was no one involved who said anything unpleasant during filming. It is almost unconditionally treated as superior.

‘It’s an environment that blatantly destroys people.’

Especially for those who have just entered their 20s it is perfect for destroying social skills and manners.

There is no penalty for being mean to someone you work with but in a situation where there is no force it is difficult not to be rude and insincere during difficult times.

The difference between your physical strength and mood when you are good and when you are not is becoming extreme.

‘If you want to act like X you can act like X.’

However these guys are maintaining tension that is no different from when they first debuted.

“Just one more time~”

“yes!”

A group photo shoot for the cover. Guys wearing jeans and t-shirts gather together to take photos.

And Bae Se-jin muttered in a short period of time to change and improve the concept.

“…I remember when I debuted.”

“I know. “That’s exactly the color of your hair.”

“I like red hair!”

The concept of this pictorial is from Testa’s debut to the present.

It can be seen as a concept worthy of a group that has the best male idol song of the year.

‘How much time has passed already?’

I looked back on the years with a strange feeling.

I went through a lot of ridiculous events but when I think about it again it feels like I did “Azusa” last year.

And it seems like the filming of ‘Magical Boy’ took place just recently.

I inadvertently recalled the compliment I had intentionally given to Bae Se-jin just before filming resumed.

“You are good at taking pictures then and now.”

“You guys are doing well too.”

And unlike back then Bae Se-jin accepted the praise seriously.

‘Yes one thing has changed.’

The point is that the psychological distance has decreased. I guess trust has been built up between us as we go through all sorts of things.

“…”

“Oh~ I love Moon Dae’s expression!”

“thank you.”

Well now is not the time to indulge in sentimentality.

There are only a few steps left until we reach the target so we have to clean up the suddenly fallen rocks.

So what is the best way?

First of all straight forward benchmarking entertainment shows is stupid.

‘If we release a reality show together at this time it will actually be compared.’

There is no need to criticize the result of luck and experience that led to the formation of a regular entertainment show.

Well let’s try some more tricks…

‘hmm.’

I thought about it until the end of filming and came to a conclusion.

‘Let’s use it in reverse.’

To catch a tiger you just have to go into the tiger’s den.

* * *

T-Holic’s program went well.

What that means is that T-Holic’s topicality is now virtually subordinate to their entertainment programs.

And the topicality of the program can be used by anyone who appears.

In particular if you are a guest depending on the format you can surpass the host and become the main character of the program. What if it is more topical than the everyday episodes that T Holic has been doing?

And especially if it’s fun.

‘That’s the best.’

So after discussion within the group we analyzed T-Holic’s program format and selected the two that would have the strongest impact.

Completely customizable.

“I’m really looking forward to it!”

Yujin Cha.

“This is my first time being selected to appear on a variety show with such a small number of people so I will do my best!”

Raebin Kim.

And… these two guys are the only ones that can be controlled without being casted in advance for another entertainment show at the same time.

“okay.”

grow.

I came to the filming set of T-Holic’s ‘Show Business’ with Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin.
