---
title: "Chapter 301"
category: "book"
index: 300
section: "Chapter 301"
slug: "301"
---

# Chapter 301

‘T-Holic’s Show Business’ was a studio entertainment that has now largely disappeared in favor of observational variety.

It also meant that unlike observational entertainment that creates interesting situations through editing only the really funny people survive.

“Ahahaha!! “I’m going crazy.”

“Why why?”

“No… Do you know what Wonseok just said? ‘Do all idols look like that these days?’”

Even the staff burst into laughter at the convincing vocal imitation. The member named speaks shyly.

“No I’m not the only one surprised.”

“yes? “That’s right.”

“Hyung you didn’t know? If we debuted now we would be ruined. Guys. “Let’s not forget that and be humble.”

“Isn’t it true that being born with the times is also our talent?”

“Stop it! Because it makes me sad!”

Look at the outpouring of comments as soon as the camera starts rolling.

There are no other professional entertainers but perhaps thanks to his idol image that in itself becomes a character.

Whether it is prejudice or generosity.

‘So it’s bound to be difficult for a solo guest to play an active role here.’

In a structure where guests take the spotlight on their own show guests have no choice but to rely on the other party overall.

These guys are even quite senior. Most performers end up losing out in terms of seniority.

“Wow have people been born since the Millennium?”

“You guys are so cute.”

Naturally considering the atmosphere T-holic would make a gesture of laying out a plate for the junior and feeding him and this would result in a picture like this.

-Wow Tea Holic really floats well haha.

-It’s been a while since I’ve seen you speak so comfortably on a children’s broadcast. Thank you!♡

-After all appearing on T-Showbi can cure any type of entertainment shyness.

The moment the momentum is lost attention is taken away and the guest’s presence is reduced to just one component of the show.

However if there is someone who is not conscious of seniority or seniority things are a little different.

“That cute little thing! “I’m cool!”

“Huh?”

Cha Yu-jin raised her hands and shouted.

Tea Holic opens his mouth as if this is his first time experiencing such strong(?) rejection from the beginning.

‘I knew it would be like that.’

Cha Yu-jin doesn’t know much about Tea Holic.

He’s a senior and he’s just talking loudly like he always does.

And I don’t feel like I’m particularly spoiled. Because I’m a foreigner.

“Is that so?”

“yes! “It’s that tiger.”

“I see. “Our friend Cha Yu-jin is a tiger.”

“that’s right! Tiger~ Like a T!”

“T!”

“Brother don’t get into a rhythm just to look cool.”

So no matter what you do people will overlook it. Cha Yu-jin’s American sensibility was already famous.

‘And these guys will take care of the rest.’

T-holics who are accustomed to making the program fun and livening up the mood cannot give Cha Yu-jin a straight look or act awkwardly.

‘Plus there’s someone next to you who will neutralize it.’

“Cha Yujin! “If you compliment me by saying I’m cute I should be grateful!”

This is Raebin Kim.

I think he said he was whispering in his own way but since he was wearing a microphone it was of no use.

“I got it! “I didn’t refuse!”

“You scaled it down because it was small. “If you’re not careful it might sound rude!”

“I’m talking about cool things being bigger! “Thank you for your cuteness.”

“Uh oh.”

“No we understand! “I understand!”

“Thank you so much for your understanding! “I will show you my best today.”

“That much?”

The sight of T-Holic hurriedly bowing his head to Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin who were both bowing was… funny.

‘Good impact.’

And I saw that some of the T-holics who had fallen behind were smiling and making eye contact.

They probably concluded that the structure they were having trouble with in the beginning would be fun.

“Yes very cute cute and cool Testa!”

“Hehe.”

“Hey is this Generation Z? “Do you think we’re a little old?”

“Brother we are all idols in our 30s. “We have already entered the coffin in that industry.”

The plot was set in such a way that a T-holic who does not understand the new generation tries to somehow adapt to the new sensibility.

Cha Yu-jin’s unstoppable momentum was used in reverse.

‘The focus is still on Tea Holic.’

Testa is now a popular idol and has quietly come to stand on the other side of T-Holic.

And I was steadily carrying out my role as a quiet person with common sense.

“So Mr. Moon Dae is the main vocalist?”

“yes. “Yes.”

“Oh my song! “I really enjoyed hearing you sing ‘Party in me’.”

“Don’t lie you were in the army!”

“no! “I heard that you were on vacation!”

“Oh what an honor. thank you.”

“Yeah~ Moon Dae-hyung sings really well!”

When asked to sing a line of a song I received applause.

Idols who appeared for promotional purposes did everything they could to get the minimum amount of screen time.

It’ll be roughly angled.

‘Ah he has ordinary emotions so I guess I just have to keep going like this and find a way out of those two.’

Since they are familiar with these types of broadcasts the price must have paid off quickly.

‘Well I don’t think these guys even bothered to check my entertainment in advance.’

At most he would have checked his recent activities and grades but the more you think he has a calm personality the better.

“Okay this is the end of the self-introduction intro!”

And they moved on as if they thought they had picked enough interesting scenes from Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin’s chat.

Actually the main corner.

It was mainly full-on humor with games.

Well there were things like playing basketball without a ball having a chair fly into a ball pit drawing a portrait with your feet and guessing who it is etc.

“It’s time to play the second track of show business\: revealing our hearts!”

Since this is the main corner I have made a few predictions about this type of game and the one that seems most likely is…

“The game we will be playing with Testa this time is~ &lt;I heard it and it’s true&gt;!”

“Phew.”

okay. That’s it.

I cleared my throat almost horrified… I couldn’t help it because it was a sentence I had heard many times before.

‘It was a good thing I looked into it in advance.’

When I first saw that on WeTube I almost spit out the water I was drinking.

“Hyung staying hydrated is important.”

Okay thank you. I drank the water handed to me by Raebin Kim and listened to Tea Holic’s dazzling progress.

‘Anyway the corner I expected came out.’

It’s a corner that has appeared once every three episodes recently and the response was so good that I thought I’d use it when it appeared in the first team.

[I heard it and it’s true!]

Just by hearing this title it might seem like persuading others is the same trait I had. It’s similar but a little different.

The youngest member of T-Holic held a voice-modulating microphone and carried on in a serious manner.

“Each team chooses one of two captains to persuade the opponent. The game ends when one team is logically convinced. A terrible penalty awaits the losing team.”

“The side that wins the mini-game gets to choose the captain first. Well then good luck.”

Does the content sound normal? But these guys put a trap in every game.

This is usually revealed after the minigame is over and the argument is revealed.

“Ta-da!”

[Goals our team will achieve next year]

[Receiving 1 billion VS Being in distress]

“…???”

“Hahahaha!! “I must be crazy!”

“Guys welcome to show business~”

The balance is completely ruined.

And Tea Holic who won the mini game happily chose the former.

“One billion! 1 billion!”

“I will show a bitter taste to Generation Z who chose to suffer.”

If you look at this point the pictures that follow will seem boring. Because it would be a one-sided beating of the guest.

However at the next timing a second trap was revealed again.

“Everyone I told you that the game ends when you are ‘reasonably persuaded’ right?”

“…”

“Hey really?”

“Yes! The most plausible! “The team that is logically persuasive will win.”

In other words it is a sophistical debate.

The goal is to rationally accept the other party’s argument.

What this means is that you have to explain the side you are defending in as nonsensical a way as possible while being able to understand what the other side says.

In other words T-Holic can only win if he is persuaded by the side that says ‘I will suffer shipwreck instead of 1 billion won.’

On the other hand Testa just needs to accept the obvious proposition ‘I will receive 1 billion instead of being shipwrecked.’

“Isn’t it a scam??”

“no!”

‘Well thought out.’

It’s a picture that makes you win by making you laugh by slipping and floating the guest position.

‘As expected it reflects the best comments on WeTube.’

-I think it would be fun if the persuasive team wins haha.

-It’s truly a legend… Please eat it like a beef bone!

As with any new company that has just launched the production team here seemed to pay more attention to communication than necessary.

It was common to see the best comments on a video reflected in the next episode.

So I watched the videos and predicted a few variations and I got it right.

What happens next is obvious.

“uh? Well… suddenly receiving a lot of money can ruin a person. “If you want to retire now I think you should get 1 billion won!”

“That’s right!”

“I don’t want to retire! “I’m going to do this for a long time!”

“Okay then what should I do? uh? “Is there any answer left?”

“I won’t retire with 1 billion won! I won’t break down. “Our members are strong!”

“Wow it’s really bold…”

“But money is such a scary thing~ No I’m not saying you shouldn’t get 1 billion won!”

Those guys will be restless for no reason as they shamelessly make outrageous claims and prey on guests who speak common sense.

It’s a picture of a heartwarming loss after having fun picking out the guests’ reactions to their actions…

‘Then they take all the flow.’

We didn’t come here so that you could make your own plan and use it for us.

I chuckled.

‘How to best play this game?’

It’s simple. All you have to do is reinforce the other person’s logic. This is the play method that everyone in the production team expected.

If you follow the flow of common sense you will be swept away by those guys.

So… we go in the opposite direction.

I put both hands on the table and clasped them.

“Senior.”

“Yes Mr. Moon Dae please speak~”

“In order to win I tried to understand and convince the other side’s arguments as much as possible but…”

I solemnly declared.

“No matter how much you think about it the claim we received is correct.”

“…??”

“I think our team members would choose distress over 1 billion.”

“yes??”

“What do you mean?”

I answered seriously.

“This is because we can learn values more precious than money from shipwreck.”

“yes?”

“What are you learning?”

I gave a clear answer to Cha Yu-jin who asked softly.

“Realistically the places that are likely to be in distress within our current action radius are places where rescue can be done within a few days. “In the meantime you learn new experiences.”

“aha! that’s right.”

Cha Yu-jin nodded coolly.

“Then it’s okay!” “I like it!”

“…??”

T-Holic’s youngest member who served as MC intervened.

“Wait a minute! If we continue like this what are your instructions??”

“Because we can’t give up our beliefs because of just this one corner issue.”

“Do you have faith in distress??”

“Guys what’s wrong… I’m scared.”

When T-Holic’s youngest member was shocked by the excitement even Kim Rae-bin nodded seriously.

“I think so too.”

“yes?”

“yes.”

“yes. This is because we actually experienced a disaster while filming a variety show.”

Raebin Kim said with sparkling eyes.

“And I learned a lot from that experience.”

“for a moment.”

“I created the title of my last album during that time of distress. I am concerned that choosing the former between a billion and a million dollars may be consistent with throwing away musical achievements in pursuit of money!”

“Why are you worried about that?!”

For a moment Kim Rae-bin was not conscious of the fact that it was an entertainment show and began to seriously express her opinion.

I thought it would happen if I became immersed in the topic itself.

“No… guys think about it. Does this make sense? “What kind of disaster is this??”

“How much do you need to pay to make 1 billion won like a stone?”

I raised my hand.

“Now that I think about it the settlement amount increased due to the title song created by Ravin at the time of the shipwreck so in fact some financial gain was included in that choice…”

“Oh~”

“okay!”

“Please don’t react as if you have a point huh huh huh.”

And the filming set began to descend into chaos.

It was as planned.

* * *

A few days later on a weekday night.

“and! “It’s here too~”

The graduate student smiles at the picture of the College of Arts in the thumbnail and watches the pre-released video of “T-Holic’s Show Business” which was uploaded as a popular video.

And 1 minute later.

“Phew!”

The graduate student spit out the coffee he was drinking.
