---
title: "Chapter 302"
category: "book"
index: 301
section: "Chapter 302"
slug: "302"
---

# Chapter 302

〈T-Holic’s Show Business〉 Testa edition. It was an entertainment program that had recently gained so much recognition that everyone had seen it in clips at least once so people had expectations or expectations.

-Tea Holic guys are going to make fun of Testa a lot lol.

-Ah these kids look so cuteㅠㅠ- Have a nice time!

Funny Tea Holic. And vivid reactions from guests that we have never seen before!

This is because when inviting guests this program mainly focuses on T-holic’s funny actions and the guests’ reactions to them as elements of laughter.

The reason for the favorable reviews was that the guest was skillfully filling the gaps with publicity which was the purpose of the guest’s appearance.

The optimal picture that both the guest’s fans and T Holic’s fans can be satisfied with through mutual cooperation!

However in this episode of Testa… the atmosphere was quite different.

[Generation M see the spiciness of Generation Z!]

[Cha Yu-jin\: That’s a tiger!]

[Ha Jin-tae\: I see. Our friend Cha Yu-jin is a tiger.]

[They are unable to come to their senses due to the tiger remark born in 0X]

T-holic was mercilessly pushed aside from the beginning self-introduction but eventually began to fill the space with their own reactions.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-You’re crazy Testa Generation Z madness haha.

The exquisite editing interpreted everything in terms of the generation gap and collected only the funniest conversations and reactions.

It was different from the usual entertainment but it was definitely funny.

‘The Testa kids really have a lot of personality!’

The graduate student burst into laughter several times while watching the first part of the main story following the pre-release.

In the meantime I was proud that the only sanctuary for T-holics was Mundae.

[Park Moon-dae\: Then just one verse…]

Park Moon-dae held the reins of the two youngest who were running wild and calmly carried out the work that needed to be done.

Promoting the tour mentioning the connection with T-Holic and singing a song…

Park Moon-dae’s fans were amazed and suffered from the sight.

-What’s going on with Yeon Sang-mi from Mundae?

-Actually my child is the youngest in the line so he is the leader of the youngest line.

-Moondangdaeng is all grown up.

He was truly the standard idol leader who appeared on entertainment shows! In the end the generational conflict that was rampant on screen was gradually brought to a head.

Moreover when entering the main game T-Holic took control of the atmosphere again.

After winning the mini-game of reading words by mouth shape they got an easy argument but were devastated when they realized the rule that they had to be ‘persuaded’.

[Receiving 1 billion VS Being in distress]

[MC Maknae Kim\: Now please make good use of the other person’s argument and clearly answer ‘why I was persuaded’~]

There were plenty of funny twists and turns you would expect from a variety show!

“Ahahaha!!”

It was funny when Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin failed in the mini game and it was even a good thing!

Cha Yu-jin on the screen was also giving a thumbs up to her members.

[Cha Yu-jin\: We like it! Raebin Kim! Good job!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: You lost because your mouth movements were too fast and inaccurate so you actually brought this advantage!]

[You’re praising me right guys…?]

It became funnier when those clever reactions combined with T-Holic’s despair.

And Park Moon-dae neatly summarized the situation again.

[Park Moon-dae\: Well done everyone. From here on let’s win and do well.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Go TeSTAR!]

[Raebin Kim\: Yep!]

-Sounds like a kindergarten teacher haha.

-If you just cut this cut you would think it was a sports game.

-Park Moon-dae looks like an adult.

Viewers on the channel app laughed and warmly praised the team atmosphere.

At the same time I was looking forward to seeing how calm Park Moon-dae would be embarrassed by T-holic’s absurd words.

-Is the Tibetan fox finally coming out haha?

-He seems to be quite smart. I’m looking forward to seeing how he reacts.

-I saw that the more rational the guest was the more embarrassed he was.

And it seemed like these expectations would soon be met as T-Holic clucked and dragged the game along.

That is until Park Moon-dae reveals his true colors.

[Park Moon-dae\: I think our team members would choose distress over 1 billion.]

Park Moon-dae said bullshit with a serious face.

“…??”

For a moment the graduate student wondered if he had heard wrong.

However Park Moon-dae started going crazy and saying nonsense with a shameless face.

It was a level of seriousness that was completely different from T-Holic’s humorous shamelessness just moments ago.

Because they were not trying to win but were supporting the losing side!

There were even subtitles to express the true feelings.

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t give up my beliefs just because of the problem of this one corner.]

[madness]

-Fuck you Park Mun-Dyeon hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Is the face of the Tibetan School of Literature like this?

-What kind of bullshit is this~~~~

Even the scene where the Testa members agreed one by one was almost like a comedy. This is because persuasion was completed with just one conversation.

[That… is that understandable?]

Moreover Park Moon-dae’s logical structure itself was concise and easy to understand.

I heard from my experience that distress was more meaningful but what can I do?

-I get more wins because I’m persuasive.

-I understand distress is the best never distress always distress

And T-Holic got caught up in this and retorted turning the situation into the complete opposite of usual.

In fact it is true that he was correcting Testa’s words and then completely reversing them but he was caught up in unexpected bullshit and came up with a reactionary rebuttal.

[Martin\: Everyone! Please let’s think realistically… Does it make sense that distress is good??]

[Kim Rae-bin\: If you look at this claim from a realistic perspective it makes more sense. As Brother Moon Dae said earlier even if we were shipwrecked we would be in modern civilization!]

And the data screens that pass by all the time are cuts from Testa’s island distress entertainment show.

[Experienced claim]

[What I got\: Entertainment jackpot next album title money fame and realization]

[☆ And distress is better than 1 billion!☆]

[It’s tempting…? by production team]

The moment the production team gave in viewers also acknowledged it.

-This claim is wrong.

-Did the kids really like it haha?

-Oh I see you experienced an incredible disaster on the Testa Island entertainment show hahahahahahahaha

-Isn’t it Stockholm Syndrome? You’re in love with distress.

Of course T-Holic who couldn’t see the data screen didn’t give in and tried hard to come up with a different logic.

The important issue is ‘Still it can be dangerous! ‘A person can get seriously injured!’ But Park Moon-dae just muttered this with sad eyes.

[Park Moon-dae\: That… shouldn’t it be seen as a sad accident not a disaster?]

[Ha Jin-tae\: Shipwreck is also an accident!!]

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Jintae’s neck has a blood clot haha.

T-holic clearly needed to be persuaded but when he came to his senses he was confused by the situation in which they were trying to lose somehow.

The production team did the same.

The production crew who edited the immersive space and galaxy backgrounds also added shaky subtitles.

[Generation Z… scary!]

-Please don’t tie me up.

-No the doorway is just another doorway.

-The popcorn chicken feet haven’t gone anywhere. My original intention is alive.

And the graduate student realized something.

‘Mundae… was a four-dimensional character.’

I had forgotten about her cool and sensible appearance recently but her idol had an extraordinary personality that danced “POP☆CON” from her first appearance…

Ultimately in this process T-Holic’s final opposition developed into a serious and logical approach.

[Martin\: But! That’s the case with Testa! It’s not our team? Probably not? We don’t like distress!]

However Cha Yu-jin asked brightly.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Senior are you in distress?]

[Martin\: Oh no]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Then I guess I really hate it! I have to try it to find out!]

Park Moon-dae spoke calmly while curtsying the opposing team whose mouths were wide open.

[Park Moon-dae\: Wouldn’t it be more reasonable to trust the testimony of a junior who is in the same profession and has first-hand experience?]

[Cha Yu-jin\: That’s right. Experience is important!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Those are truly wise words.]

-You sound like wisdom seriously haha.

As the chats intersected a huge stamped caption appeared on the face of the stupid-looking T-Holic member on the screen.

[After hearing it it seems to be true…!]

That’s how T-Holic gained a superficial victory…

[MC Youngest Kim\: Okay now it’s time to wrap things up~ Have you prepared the reason why you were persuaded?]

In the end T-Holic declared bullshit with his own mouth.

[Ha Jin-tae\: The distress is… because we are idols! Provides opportunities for growth and financial gain through new experiences…]

[Ha Jin-tae\: So… distress! It’s worth setting our goal for next year rather than just 1 billion! Ouch!]

[MC Youngest Kim\: Okay~ Very persuasive!]

The moment those words were said applause broke out among the production crew. It was caused by laughter.

[Ha Jin-tae\: Don’t laugh you people!! Is this funny?? We’ll be setting our sights on shipwreck next year!]

Meanwhile the three testers nodded.

[Park Moon-dae\: Even though we lost I think we fought well.]

[Martin\: What are you talking about? I did my best to lose!]

[LOL]

There was no skit in which the camera captured the faces of the gentle Testa members one by one.

“Oh really!!”

The graduate student burst into laughter!

It was only then that Park Moon-dae relaxed his expression and began to say things like ‘I had fun.’

Only Kim Rae-bin made a bewildered expression at the sign that it was an entertainment show but after getting shocked it made me laugh once more…

The next corner has arrived.

[If you win the game you will be penalized if you lose the promotion.]

[What was the penalty given to Testa??]

Until now the punishments were mainly for reenacting funny memes or acting as a stage for comedy.

The graduate student stared at the penalty board with a big smile and excitement.

The penalty board that was spinning slowly slowed down…

[!!!!]

Shocking penalty revealed!

* * *

“Ah~ Today’s filming went well.”

“You had a hard time.”

“thank you!”

I dozed off with the two guys and bowed my head to the tea-holics.

The moment these guys turned off the camera they calmed down as if they were lying about being caught up in the atmosphere.

‘Was it for entertainment purposes?’

This means that the way they used to throw harsh words at each other like a waterfall has disappeared and they have returned to just being like long-time coworkers.

‘That might be the secret.’

At that time one of the guys who was the loudest and loudest during the filming quietly spoke up.

“You speak well. Are you interested in entertainment?”

“…?”

Is this a line recruitment? I answered clearly.

“Entertainment is good. Well due to my agency’s policy I’m going to focus more on the album.”

“Ah~”

The guy understood right away. Then he drank water and spoke slowly.

“This is advice I give as a senior… It is difficult for a group to do well for a long time while only doing music activities. “It’s a bit ironic but for a group to last long each person has to do well.”

“hmm.”

“People get bored quickly and their feelings are not the same.”

Is this an experience?

A similar conversation was happening right next to me.

This is because Kim Rae-bin was carefully holding out the T-holic album he had brought with him and getting an autograph.

“Thank you senior…!”

“Hey what are you doing with something like this? “Is there anything else you need?”

“Okay then! “I would appreciate it if you could give me some advice on what has kept the group active for so long!”

Kim Rae-bin’s eyes sparkled and the T-Holic member scratched his head.

“hmm. “Let’s not expect too much from each other shall we?”

“yes…?”

“We didn’t ask to be friends because we liked each other but because we were on the same team it’s easier if we don’t forget that we’re close.”

It was quite serious advice.

‘The guy next to you is not your friend so do you mean to do it even if it doesn’t hit you?’

It seems like many thoughts came to mind while watching Kim Rae-bin bickering with Cha Yu-jin.

Still the T-Holic members themselves seemed a little embarrassed perhaps because of Kim Rae-bin’s atmosphere which caused them to say things they didn’t want to say.

“okay!”

However Raebin Kim interpreted these words on his own.

“That was the family similarity. “It’s like not being able to choose your own family.”

“…??”

“Although we did not meet for social purposes I believe that true solidarity can grow within it!”

“Uh… okay. Go for it!”

T-holic had a strange face but I didn’t bother to question whether I had met all the characters so far.

‘…Funny guy.’

I chuckled and looked back at the guy in front of me who had made something similar to an entertainment networking offer.

“But I’m still trying to focus on group activities and work hard.”

The guy shrugged his shoulders.

“okay. “If that’s the case with your agency there’s nothing you can do.”

After ending the conversation in a reasonably polite manner I approached Raebin Kim who was collecting autographs and asked.

“Can you prepare within three days of the penalty?”

“No problem.”

Raebin Kim smiled brightly.

The punishment you will receive this time is… the childhood romance of the M generation.

It’s the animation theme song.
