---
title: "Chapter 303"
category: "book"
index: 302
section: "Chapter 303"
slug: "303"
---

# Chapter 303

In &lt;T-Holic’s Show Business&gt; the stage or skit given as a penalty is of course for comedy purposes.

It is the latest trend or a popular meme that is a steady seller and is reinterpreted or reproduced exactly.

‘T-holic has done half of the work so far.’

In fact there may be more because it often allows guests to win. And because these guys are so funny there is a strong perception that ‘the original’ is a tee-holic even if the guests are well directed and coached.

So what is the most important thing to pay attention to when setting up this stage?

“The following is a draft of the drum sound and reconstructed beat.”

Rumble!

Cha Yu-jin’s eyes lit up as the accompaniment like a well-tuned exhaust sound sounded.

“This is cool! Do this!”

“for a moment.”

I stopped Cha Yu-jin.

“Listen to other things as well.”

“Okay then I’ll play number 3.”

One thing to be careful of is that you shouldn’t just be nice and warm.

‘If you’re just good at it they’ll say it’s no fun.’

What viewers expect is a funny dance performance but if it’s done well without laughter there’s a high chance that they’ll think ‘I’m leaving out even this.’

It’s none of their business that they put all their effort into making it when they only had a week to spare.

‘For a story like that to work it has to be survival.’

This is something that is unheard of in a regular entertainment program.

However blindly aiming only at laughter is not the best solution.

‘There are more than one funny person in this punishment.’

It would be faster to find people who are not funny and solemn. The production team was very resourceful and planned it well.

Likewise if Testa follows this trend it will simply be absorbed by the program’s good reputation.

-As expected Tishowbi is merciless even the testa haha.

-Oh it’s so hilarious. I never thought I’d see Testa doing something like this.

-T-Show B please call our kids again promise… *^^*

Isn’t that roughly the reaction angle you expect from the program?

‘They even gave us a list of recommendations.’

I skimmed through the candidates for ‘Anime Theme Song of Memories’ given by the production team.

Motorcycle racing comics Greek and Roman mythology comics mystery comics…

‘What I just heard was the opening of a mystery cartoon… ’

Raebin Kim transformed this into a wonderful rhythm with a well-executed hard-boiled flavor. In short it’s not funny at all. It’s just cool.

The next song was the same.

“I like this music!”

“I know.”

Next was the Greek and Roman mythology cartoon theme song and it was arranged so that it was easy to listen to so there was no other easy-listening indie band song.

And only then did I realize my mistake.

It was the wrong idea to look at the arrangement first and then figure out the direction.

‘They should have provided direction coaching from the beginning.’

In response to the order to ‘arrange the animation theme song to fit the testa stage’ Kim Rae-bin chose just such an arrangement.

Sophisticated and not at all ridiculous.

‘No I think it would be difficult for this guy to make a low-quality funny arrangement in the first place… ’

Of course since I’m a guy with good sense I can probably pull it all off if I come across a few references but it’s definitely not something I specialize in.

Especially in this situation where I have chosen arrangement plans for all of the candidate songs thinking ‘it might be fun’…I think there is a high probability that I will be disappointed.

“How are you? “It may sound a bit clunky as we haven’t done any detailed tuning or mixing yet but I think we’ve achieved all the important elements of delivery!”

“okay. “It’s definitely easy to listen to.”

“thank you!”

okay. This guy is totally excited.

‘I don’t have much time.’

If you say something pointless and Raebin Kim gets confused and says something like ‘Funny… music?’ it’s a pain in the ass.

First of all I was lost in thought after listening to all three songs that Raebin Kim had selected.

Purpose of the video.

‘Why did you only upload animations that went viral on WeTube as candidate songs?’

I want to stop talking about this damn generation but… Anyway this is a choice aimed at both Generation Z who watched the popular video and Generation M who watched the cartoon itself when they were young.

In the end the keywords are… consensus and topicality in the content sense.

‘hmm.’

I was rubbing my chin.

Cha Yu-jin asked without hesitation.

“Hyung Moon Dae! “Do you like this?”

“…!”

this.

“…! “Please point out any shortcomings and we will correct them!”

Kim Rae-bin was startled and looked like a private.

‘Was I too quiet?’

Well anyone with a bit of insight would have figured out that I wasn’t very satisfied. I was caught off guard because it was Kim Rae-bin.

In times like these the more comfortable the reaction the less serious the atmosphere becomes. I shrugged.

I just remembered a method.

“The arrangement is good… but I don’t think it’s a cartoon song you might know. “I wonder if you know.”

“I don’t know!”

“I have watched Detective Arthur but I have only heard of the other ones.”

Cha Yu-jin asked brightly.

“Did you know this? “Did you see it?”

…I see. Park Moon-dae is only two years older than these guys.

I came up with a common sense answer.

“…I saw it on WeTube.”

“Ouch.”

“okay. “For the stage… your preparation is thorough!”

Let’s leave this to be misunderstood.

“Anyway the songs the production staff gave us are good but they don’t really have anything to do with us…”

I threw out the bait.

“Wouldn’t it be more fun to do a song related to us?”

“Is there a song like that?”

“I like ‘Billy’s exciting animal tale’!”

An American cartoon I’ve never heard of pops out.

I said shaking my head.

“You have to choose a cartoon that was famous in Korea around the 2000s. Because that is the penalty condition.”

“Boo…”

Because it’s a ‘nostalgic animation theme song.’ In that sense Cha Yu-jin’s sensibility is dismissive.

‘I guess this is enough.’

Instead I showed them a WeTube video of a candidate I had just come up with.

Apparently this also became a meme on TicTacTok because of its creative gesture.

“So… how about this?”

“…?”

If this is the case there is no need to go with a ridiculous arrangement to discourage Kim Rae-bin.

‘But there’s no need for us to dress up in a funny way.’

It can be funny the other way around.

‘The stage isn’t funny but the situation makes it funny.’

Humor created from context.

So that the person who is arranging the music can comfortably immerse themselves in it without thinking that it is funny.

“This is… ah.”

As expected Kim Rae-bin’s expression brightened.

“okay. It can definitely be a meaningful challenge. “Please wait a moment!”

And Raebin Kim put on a headset and went to work.

‘…On the ground without any original music?’

Anyway it looks like the light has definitely come on. I nodded.

‘It’s okay.’

At that time the last unit member right next to me opened his mouth with a serious expression.

“brother.”

Ah this guy could be a problem.

I assure you this is not Cha Yujin’s taste.

“why”

“Hyung and Kim Rae-bin do you really like this? Really?”

“uh.”

Then Cha Yu-jin looked at the video once looked at Kim Rae-bin once and finally looked at me and then sighed.

[oh my god!]

What?

“This is a comedy stage where the purpose is to be funny. “This is good enough.”

“i know! right…”

Cha Yu-jin took a few bites with a disappointed look on her face but then shrugged her shoulders.

It was a declaration of surrender.

[brother. I really do this for the team. I never thought I would do something like this in my life.]

I chuckled. I got it bastard.

“Pitch here…”

Raebin Kim worked hard to adjust the key and match the accompaniment and came up with a 1 minute and 24 second arrangement in half a day.

The hasty early morning practice was fixed like that.

* * *

The scene changes to the point where the live portion of the sophistical debate with Testa has just ended.

In reality the penalty was filmed after a week’s delay but on the broadcast the penalty cut naturally continued after Testa’s crazy loss.

Of course after the commercial break.

[What is the penalty stage prepared by Testa?]

[Revealed in 60 seconds]

People who were already familiar with the commercial made various predictions and noises during that time.

-Vote for the classic Dionysus stage.

└T-Holic… already did it…

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

└At this point I feel respect.

When it comes to nostalgic animations there are many funny songs and concepts that come to mind.

And since this program has never been funny they already had the direction and feel they expected.

-I think it will definitely create a 90s halo effect.

-Please save my face.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

It’s an other-worldly sensibility that deliberately brings out the B-class rusticity.

I thought this program would do a good job of faithfully replicating these funny emotions without being messed up!

But when the commercial break ended and the screen came back.

-?

The three testers were just standing in the studio wearing neat school uniforms.

The lighting that shines on the testa turned backwards also has a state-of-the-art feel. No other filters were used.

-to

-It’s a testa penalty right?

At that moment the song started with a bright and cheerful accompaniment.

Park Mun-dae of the center turns around and makes a symbolic gesture.

[Dreams of love conveyed through song

[Start now]

-????

It was the exact same gesture as the transformation theme song from the 2001 magical girl animation “Melody Angel.”

A classic magical girl cartoon where you become a magical girl with a melody and purify your enemies with a magic song.

Testa who realistically recreated the school uniform without any exaggerated makeup started the live performance holding a real microphone.

-This is me.

-live?

[Magical lights up!]

This cartoon had an original song rather than an adaptation thanks to the investment of an ambitious animation broadcasting station and it was that song that was released now.

The theme song of the main character group.

That’s the theme song of memories neatly arranged so that it’s perfect for listening now.

A melody that almost everyone in their 20s or 30s knows was played with the original emotion.

[With love in a pure song

Magic flying heart bullet!]

Because of those lyrics and movements anti-war comedy videos that destroy children’s hearts and cause people to fall down as if they were hit by a real bullet were popular for a while. Thanks to this even teenagers knew the original video.

However Testa did not use or direct the meme. It’s just a faithful reproduction of the original animation.

In the chorus he even comes out wearing a cape and gloves which look good as stage props and continues the performance.

This is precisely the point where the cape appears in the full transformation scene of 〈Melody Angel〉.

[Open your heart LOVE

[I’m going to make a wish today]

Testa worked really hard and did well.

In terms of the reproduction rate and coolness of the actual cartoon it was better than any other video posted on the Internet. Even the singing and facial expressions were truly professional.

So it was even funnier.

-???????

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Hey Testa I’m serious hahahaha.

-I got too involved in the discussion and I got too involved in the punishment lol.

-Magical Boy Jjambap has not gone anywhere.

Full of respect for the original composer!

The sincerity of these people whose debut song is ‘Magical Boy’ covering ‘Singing Magical Girl’ wholeheartedly!

It was so immersive that I couldn’t help but laugh.

It was a picture of one T-holic member being seen with his arms crossed in the background with his eyes looking like he was saying ‘That much…?’

-ㅅㅂ Jintae pupil earthquake hahahahahahaha

– It’s time to admit that you’re wasting your talent.

-Testa This is also sincere. Why on earth are you sincere?

From the viewer’s perspective this was the culmination of ‘sincere’ emotions that connected from the discussion they had just seen. People burst into helpless laughter.

[taste. jin. Draw a dream

The world is beautiful~]

The CG glitter effect was used only once but even that was more annoying because it was identical to the cartoon.

And a short interlude at the end of the stage.

Traditionally the comment that appeared in the place where the impression subtitles are included was the highest point.

[Melody Angel Pepperto thank you for the wonderful song. I respect you. by Park Moon-dae]

[I worked hard to cover it because I felt it had a consistent goal with the concept of saving people through song. Cheers! by Raebin Kim]

[I saw it for the first time and everyone likes it. by Cha Yu-jin]

-What on earth are you cheering for?

-Are you crazy hahahaha

-Park Moon-dae is also a fan of Soft and Sweet and Melody Angel is even a senior hahaha.

-I thought it was Generation Z but people of the same age gamble.

-Cha Yu-jin Why are the subtitles again a cartoon review? Oh it’s so funny hahahahahaha

The stage is great and the interpretation is funny.

The three testers finished the stage with a serious attitude until the end.

-What’s really going on with Testa?

-The character is unrivaled haha.

And the buzz began to increase in the direction Park Moon-Dae wanted.
