---
title: "Chapter 304"
category: "book"
index: 303
section: "Chapter 304"
slug: "304"
---

# Chapter 304

“Hahahaha!!”

Sejin burst into laughter in the living room. On the smart TV’s huge screen I saw three grown guys wielding capes.

[♡Magic Heart bullet!♡]

“…”

It was a WeTube edited version of the penalty stage. Playing a children’s animation cover stage in the middle of the living room is practically a public execution.

“Turn it off.”

Before Cha Yu-jin jumps out and grabs him by the collar.

“Ah why does it look so professional and so nice?”

But Big Sejin laughed heartily.

“Sejin is also very professional but it’s too bad he couldn’t participate~”

“You went to the jungle.”

While other guys are wearing capes and joking around look at how long the guy who filmed a solo commercial and appeared on a variety show has a long tongue.

Of course this guy is someone we would really regret.

“So if I only had a team for two weeks I would have somehow found time…”

I can feel Keun Se-jin secretly watching TV with a look of regret.

“The response has been really good.”

That was an undeniable truth.

[Testa’s youngest members are overly immersed haha]

[Generation M idol who is helpless by Generation Z haha]

[Park Moon-dae Pine Tree Certification Broadcast.jpg]

[Today’s Tishowbi testa is really crazy]

The character built up from the discussion exploded into punishment completely eating up the buzz.

‘It’s ours.’

This can be seen as an achievement of the goal as it will be attributed to the image of Testa which is a topic that arose not because of the program but because of the performers…

“Look at this I heard that your hobby is watching magical girls at Mundaemundae?”

“Would you like to see it?”

“Hahaha!!”

…It’s a bit weird that I did that at this age.

‘Everyone tried to dance to the popcorn.’

Fortunately as time passed people who were impressed or addicted to the stage itself began to appear one after another.

‘Because it was well made.’

If the stage had been ridiculous it would have been a bad thing but I am satisfied with the fact that it successfully solidified the image of a singer rather than an entertainer.

-Please give me the music.

-Not releasing this as an official song is playing on the memories of people born in the 90s really.

-I decided to win key thanks to Park Moon-dae. Mevo is also precious.

There was praise for Nana Cha Yu-jin’s stage performance but Kim Rae-bin received the main attention for her abilities.

An interview with a cookie was inserted at the end of the penalty video because Kim Rae-bin answered very honestly about the arrangement process.

[Brother Moon Dae (edit) recommended a meaningful and good song so I enjoyed working on it. Thank you for the great opportunity.]

[(Edit) It took a total of 5 hours!]

-A 20-year-old animation theme song arrangement can be removed in 5 hours?

– Arranged by Kim Rae-bin aloneㄷㄷㄷ

-In the meantime Park Moon-dae recommended it haha. You were really sincere.

-It’s just a heavenly world arranged in one day.

The reaction from people who were moderately interested in Testa and came in to watch entertainment was great but even the fans seemed a bit surprised.

-Kim Rae-bin What on earth is happening? I knew My Little Medieval Rabbit was a great genius but at this level he is not human.

└I guess I tend to be like that because I’m a rabbit.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Is it okay for Ravin to just become an idol? After all shouldn’t we give the country away?

I didn’t know it would be like this.

Everyone was amazed at the artist’s ability to single-handedly refine an old children’s animation theme song that could easily become comical especially since it was a magical girl theme song.

‘I feel like Kim Rae-bin’s capabilities have been undervalued because most of the work has been co-producing.’

“Ravin look at this~ You’re a genius!”

“Thank you very much for the undeserved praise but I will work harder!”

Raebin Kim answered in an instant like some kind of fully automatic robot.

Judging by the solemn expression on his face it seems like this guy was also overly excited perhaps because he saw the reaction on the Internet.

‘Well he’s always good at it.’

Actually the reaction wasn’t excessive. Raebin Kim’s ability distribution is at the level of a cheat in this industry.

In particular his composition-related abilities which are not expressed in stats are outstanding. It even has the characteristic ‘Maestro (S)’ so its speed is fast.

The track record of extracting orders as they come in.

‘Isn’t this the most preferred employee image in modern society?’

He’s a bit tactless… but he’s honest and sincere so that can be seen as an advantage.

‘Seeing this I feel lucky again.’

When I appeared in &lt;Azusa&gt; I didn’t evaluate the long-term value of each individual because I was in a hurry to debut and I didn’t know about the crazy future with ‘status abnormalities’ that would continue after that.

However after debuting it is almost a miracle to have such a good combination of abilities and survival skills.

‘I thought there would be one or two gangsters.’

I shrugged.

Anyway now that it is directly tied to T Holic and has not been pushed out the topicality in the second half of the year is stable.

We just have to manage it well until the end-of-year awards season.

Liu Chengwu smiles and says a good word.

“Now that I think about it this activity will end soon. “Everyone had a hard time.”

“Sure.”

The domestic schedule is in its final stages with no new advertising events scheduled.

All that’s left is the concert and preparation for the next album. It was a clear success.

“Now Ravin will do a great job arranging the music for the concert~”

“We will make a great song to meet your expectations…!”

The atmosphere was okay. It is the lingering feeling of success that can be enjoyed immediately after presenting the results and receiving high praise without any immediate problems.

I nodded and turned the TV screen.

‘It’s just the right time to relax and have fun.’

Since all the major problems had passed I thought it would be okay.

However there were some among us who did not enjoy this timing very much.

From his perspective it was probably because there were still ‘big cases’ scattered around.

* * *

A short break for a few days after the last domestic event ended.

dripping.

“Mundae. “Did Ravin see it…?”

“hmm.”

Sun Ah-hyeon came in after carefully knocking and asked just as carefully.

‘But the content is unexpected.’

What is the whereabouts of Kim Rae-bin? I looked up from the plan I was making and answered.

“no. why?”

“Oh well… I haven’t been in my room often lately.”

“…”

Even after hearing the explanation it still seems unexpected.

First of all Sun Ah-hyun was roommates with Kim Rae-bin. Since they were both the type to stay in their room it was probably inevitable that they would see each other often but the fact that they didn’t come into the room was strange.

He’s not the type of person to go out often.

“I haven’t seen you today either. Should I ask you?”

“Oh that should be it. for a moment…!”

“No wait.

Why bother when I have a smartphone in my hand?

I stopped Sun Ah-hyun from returning to her room and sent a message to my phone.

[Where is it]

But no reply came.

“…?”

He usually gets a polite reply within 5 seconds.

“hmm.”

“No reply…?”

“I see.”

I made a call.

ddu-

“…”

But this guy doesn’t even answer the phone.

‘what.’

There’s a possibility that he left his cell phone on the veranda inside the dorm… but if he wasn’t in the dorm that means he went out.

‘Has anyone seen Raebin Kim going out?’

I immediately went out to the living room and asked the others if they had seen Raebin Kim.

Cha Yu-jin and Keun Se-jin go out. The remaining ones are Ryu Cheong-woo and Bae Se-jin.

“Ravin? Now that I think about it I don’t think I’ve seen you today.”

Liu Chengwu who was in the living room seemed equally puzzled.

And Bae Se-jin.

This guy avoided his eyes.

“Today… I haven’t left my room.”

“…”

“What’s going on??”

“I can’t see Kim Rae-bin.”

I understood the situation anyway. It was as if Kim Rae-bin had disappeared without any news.

This is… strange even during a break. Maybe it’s Cha Yu-jin but he leaves without saying hello and doesn’t answer the phone?

“I said I wouldn’t even answer the phone.”

“yes. “I would like to contact the company.”

I checked with Sun Ah-hyun one last time.

“Raebin Kim when was the last time you saw him?”

“I saw it last night and haven’t seen it since…”

“When do you sleep?”

“I went to bed early… I don’t know. Sorry. “I’m a roommate.”

“It’s nothing to apologize for.”

“okay! “There’s nothing to be sorry about!”

I left Bae Se-jin to comfort me and picked up my smartphone again to call the company.

It was then.

[Kim Rae-bin]

“…!”

I received a phone call.

“Uh uh…!”

“Is it Ravin?”

“yes.”

I got a call right away. Words poured out as if they had been waiting.

-We have contacted you to confirm your absence. Sorry for being late…!

“No it’s okay. “Where are you now?”

-yes? Ah I came to the company’s recording studio for a moment!

Liu Chengwu spoke quietly.

“Ravin. Even on holidays we keep in touch. “Everyone was worried because no one saw you today.”

-today…

For a moment the phone went quiet. what?

However a strong apology was soon heard.

-sorry! I was careless!

“It’s not like that… Anyway good work.”

-yes!

Raebin Kim hung up the phone only after expressing a few polite thanks.

Bae Se-jin sighed and muttered.

“It wasn’t a big deal.”

“Sure.”

“I guess Ravin was busy working and forgot to contact me.”

The story was summarized internally as if some kind of inspiration came and ran away.

‘Is this the end?’

I shrugged my shoulders and walked over to finish the plan I had been writing.

And dinner a few hours later.

Raebin Kim wearing glasses nodded as he came in.

“I came to the studio to check my future plans. “It’s been a while since I had some free time so I thought I shouldn’t miss this opportunity!”

“okay.”

“I’m sorry if I caused you any concern.”

“Oh no. “I’m worried that something might be inconvenient… If so I’d love it if you could tell me.”

“It’s not uncomfortable at all. “If you have any inconveniences please let me know!”

The two men talked amicably saying considerate things.

‘What happened?’

I shrugged my shoulders and tried to pass by but at that moment I saw Kim Rae-bin’s face up close.

“…”

That… is it too soft?

Even so it can be seen that he is not a very good-looking guy.

‘hmm.’

He often works on music at his dorm. I’m not the kind of guy who becomes like that just by touching a song for a moment…

‘no way.”

After finishing my conversation with Sun Ah-hyun I caught the guy who was trying to leave.

“Raebin Kim.”

“yes?”

“Did you work all night?”

“…!”

“It’s not that I didn’t see Sun Ah-hyun because she went to bed early yesterday but you didn’t come into the dorm at all.”

“…that thing.”

It’s a face that tells anyone that they’ve been caught.

Raebin Kim hesitated but soon answered quietly.

“Well… I was so preoccupied that I didn’t realize how much time had passed and couldn’t report it. sorry.”

Like a guy who can’t lie he tells the truth.

Well it’s not a job that requires me to stay up all night for a day or two so I’ll take care of it but I feel uncomfortable that right now is not the season for that.

“What did you do?”

“We have prepared the concert music and next album!”

I said to try it out.

“It’s okay if you don’t have to. “Because time is not urgent.”

There is quite a bit of time until the concert. The next album is even better.

“You tend to work quickly so there’s no need to stay up all night…”

“You can’t rely on tricks like that!”

“…!”

Kim Rae-bin seemed shocked that he cut off the other person’s words and talked back.

“I’m sorry! “I might not be as fast this time so I want to be more prepared…”

As expected it wasn’t because I had inspiration and ran like crazy but because of the pressure.

“Okay I got it. But don’t overdo it.”

“yes…”

Raebin Kim shook his head and slowly walked to his room.

Sun Ah-hyun watched the whole thing without leaving her seat.

When I look at his face it says ‘I’m worried.’

“Do you care?”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to have reached a similar conclusion.

“I feel like the burden of wealth is too much… I think I’ve been like that before.”

“Um okay.”

Since everyone on the internet is saying they are geniuses they can’t help but be more concerned about their next results.

Aren’t you the type of guy who thinks about all possible outcomes every time he’s about to release an album?

‘But he’s done well so far.’

Rain is just rain and over time you will see results and regain confidence.

‘Now even if people around me tell me not to worry I always think of a retort.’

For now I decided not to let him do whatever he wants.

But this time there were variables.

A few days later in a blind test for concert arrangements… Kim Rae-bin’s arrangement was ultimately eliminated.
