---
title: "Chapter 306"
category: "book"
index: 305
section: "Chapter 306"
slug: "306"
---

# Chapter 306

It rattled.

It was quiet inside the moving car.

Each member sitting in the seats of the spacious van seemed to be listening to music or working on their smartphones.

Raebin Kim was trying to recall today’s schedule and detailed study method but then quit. The thinking did not move in a productive direction at all.

And I felt guilty about that.

‘Such negligence.’

This could be defined in layman terms as ‘the mind is very tired’ but to him it came across as laziness.

‘…Everyone is working hard.’

And only then did I suddenly remember the scene where the manager and members were talking about today’s schedule.

-This was filmed in an out-of-town studio right?

-yes. Yes.

-Then it might take a while~

It certainly seemed like a long time had passed since I got into the car.

Although I didn’t volunteer it it may have been because I was constantly going back and forth with directionless anxiety throughout that time.

The hardest time was when I stayed still.

In the past at times like this I would quickly write down various plans and thoughts that suddenly came to mind.

Raebin Kim turned his head to avoid the memories of failure being replayed.

A flash of blue suddenly appeared in my vision.

‘Blue?’

What I saw outside the window after half an hour was a large road next to a mountain.

The van was… driving on the highway.

“…?”

You said you were going to the outskirts but if you enter the highway like this wouldn’t the destination be a completely different area?

Raebin Kim did not have a license. However because I remember attending a local event I thought of a valid question but I quickly held back.

It’s not my place to ask questions.

Kim Rae-bin determined to do as he was told and to do his best quietly froze in his seat swept away by the predictions and worries that came to his mind again.

And Park Moon-dae who was sitting next to him glanced at him and then turned his head.

‘I didn’t notice.’

And again some time later.

“Oh we’ve arrived.”

Members began to get out of the stopped car. Raebin Kim followed them out of habit but soon stopped.

The place they got off was in the middle of a mountain on one side of the road.

There was only one old quaint house and that seemed like the destination.

‘Is this a nature-friendly concept…?’

And before Kim Rae-bin could again blame him for his lack of knowledge the manager got back into the driver’s seat and nodded to the members.

“Then I will go downstairs.”

“yes! “I’ll contact you later!”

“…??”

This was also quite strange.

‘Aren’t you accompanying me during filming?’

It was the first time since Testa’s dedicated team was launched that they were left to handle the work at work on their own! Kim Rae-bin momentarily forgot his helplessness in this unfamiliar situation and looked around.

A cool breeze was blowing from the beautiful autumn mountains where the leaves were turning red.

As if a tightly tied knot had loosened a breeze blew into my heart.

‘There is a mountain like this in Seoul too.’

He reflected on his short insight and prejudice. Isn’t it a wonderful landscape like one of the Taebaek Mountain Range in Gangwon-do where I used to live?

At that time as he turned his head a road sign caught his eye.

[Seorak Mountain ↑ 32m]

“…??”

Raebin Kim was confused.

Seoraksan Mountain is located in Gangwon-do.

So this isn’t the outskirts of Seoul… it’s really Gangwon-do!

At this point even people who are full of self-reproach will naturally open their mouths.

“I’m sorry but I’d like to ask if there was an error in setting the destination!”

Raebin Kim’s scared cry made the members turn to him.

“why?”

“This place looks like the mountains of Gangwon-do not the outskirts of Seoul!”

“that’s right.”

“yes?”

Liu Chengyu answered gently.

“This is the destination Lavin.”

“…??”

Raebin Kim was confused again. Then Park Mun-dae who had sent back the car with the manager in it looked back at Kim Rae-bin.

My respected older brother was smiling.

“filming…”

“We are not here to film.”

“then…?”

“I just entered the mountain. “Let’s do some self-development training.”

Park Mun-dae answered quickly as if he didn’t want to even say it out loud but at the end he smiled slightly again.

“This is a songwriting camp.”

Raebin Kim opened his mouth wide.

As we entered the quaint brick cabin it looked like a friendly lodge except for an unnatural modern TV.

However Kim Rae-bin still couldn’t come to her senses and was standing blankly in the middle of the living room covered in floral wallpaper.

“Raebin Kim sit down!”

“Wow it really feels like I’m on MT. yes? “The budget is right there too.”

“Would you like some fruit?”

And when I came to I was sitting on a mat that was starting to get hot holding a side of the boat in my hand.

“…?”

What on earth is going on? Kim Rae-bin fell into agony as she analyzed Park Moon-dae’s words not even noticing that everyone except herself was calm.

…Songwriting Camp.

‘It seemed like he clearly didn’t like my continued attempts at composing… ’

Does this mean that you are so frustrated that you will check your performance until you get it right? I was scared for a moment but I didn’t even know if that was what I was hoping for.

‘If I continue to receive and refine my brother’s feedback I might be able to write good songs like before.’

It may have been very painful but on the contrary I became impatient.

I wanted to write a song right away and get evaluated right away get out of this helpless state and return to the previous state…

So Kim Rae-bin immediately shouted as soon as Park Moon-dae who had gone to the kitchen entered the living room.

“May I ask what this songwriting camp means?”

“Literally.”

Park Moon-dae took out the equipment from his bag. It was his familiar laptop.

Raebin Kim looked like he was going to become stiff from tension but he quickly held out his hand to receive it.

Tuk.

The heavy weight is reduced by focusing on performance rather than portability.

He spoke in a trembling voice.

“Then… from now on when I write a song other people will give me feedback…”

“You’re not the only one who does this.”

“yes?”

Moon-Dae Park didn’t stop and took out a new laptop from his bag.

“Oh is it Mundae Flex?”

“Take that red one! REDMAN~!”

And distributed them one by one to those who reached out.

“Everyone will compose their own music. And negative feedback is prohibited.”

“…!”

“You can’t get feedback from outside during camp. I didn’t install KakaoTalk on my PC. “E-mail is prohibited.”

Although there was no separate tyrant Kim Rae-bin could not even think of a phrase to refute.

Finally Park Moon-dae took out his laptop and laid it out on the table with his back to the TV.

widely.

Reflexively Raebin Kim followed suit and opened his laptop.

And then looking at his program on the screen just as it was last time he asked with a slightly trembling voice.

“Then what purpose is this song for?”

Cha Yu-jin intervened.

“There is no use!”

“…!”

“Park Moon-dae said it. “It’s called camp.”

Bae Se-jin calmly concluded his speech.

“Just making it.”

* * *

Being stuck in a mountain cabin blocked off from the outside for 3 days and 2 nights passed with more support than expected.

‘…I didn’t know the mountain cabin would be so much like a home.’

I checked the ginseng liquor left on the veranda and twitched my eyes but held it back.

Keun Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo found a mountain cabin that really looked like a relative’s house in the countryside.

‘Maybe I should have left it to Bae Se-jin.

At that moment Bae Se-jin opened his mouth.

“…the atmosphere here is cozy.”

“That’s right.”

I will cancel. I should have done it.

But since it was my job to make a plan there was nothing I could do. It’s been a while since I tried to do something this unproductive well so there was some trial and error.

I looked at Raebin Kim.

The guy was looking around at his laptop and the people with a helpless expression on his face.

okay. It was worth it. If you have to figure out everything and compose something on your own that’s right.

So I have decided on the candidates for composition topics.

“We each picked a theme… and thought about what would be fun to do.”

I turned my head and turned on the TV. The only modern smart TV in the house was connected to WeTube.

There were several conditions in selecting the composition topic.

first.

-It’s not Testa’s job.

Now if the song has elements that could lead to Testa’s career Raevin Kim is ready to pay attention by creating an imaginary response no matter how much feedback there is.

‘It has to be a pure hobby.’

Second in the same sense.

-It won’t be Testa’s job in the future either.

In short there is no possibility of officially becoming involved with us so there will be no room for useless thoughts.

Of course even if it is made public it should be a topic that you won’t be worried about because you won’t get caught.

‘Then the scope narrows dramatically.’

And last.

This is the most important point.

-Something that might be of interest.

〈Azusa〉 From the second team match that guy’s taste was clear.

‘inspiration.’

You want to make it into a song. So the topic I chose as number one is this.

I operated WeTube with the remote control.

Then after logging in I clicked on the playlist.

Electronic sounds 8-bit sounds and letters appearing on a black screen.

[Welcome to SECTION 127]

[!wARinG! ※L21%]

“This is the boss theme BGM from the sequel to Section 127.”

“Oh~”

It is the sequel to the well-made game 〈127 Section〉 that we collaborated with at the beginning of our debut.

‘I can never use this for work.’

Because it’s copyrighted.

And this copyright issue will never be resolved in the future. Because it ended neatly and left. Everyone knows that if you do it again you’re screwed.

‘But it’s fun.’

because…

“It just so happens that each boss in part 2… was named after the first tutorial member we collaborated with.”

Because of this.

Relevance and creativity.

‘It seemed like it sounded like a grudge from some parallel world.’

In any case what is certain is that it is a choice that brings back memories of past work but is not burdensome.

[Sold OUT – II8\: BGM]

On the screen the sound of the first boss named after ‘B11’ the character I played in the trailer was playing.

“How about arranging the BGM for each character the way you want?”

“Oh that’s interesting? He looks like a recreational instructor at Mundae. Hey~”

The guy who held the briefing yesterday and voted unanimously is making a fuss.

But this structure itself was necessary. A structure where each person attempts to compose a song.

It should have been like this a long time ago.

‘I put too much pressure on Kim Rae-bin.’

Right now I’m not going to sing the first verse by myself just because I have the highest singing stat out of all of them.

It had to be the same in producing as well.

Regarding the music part I should have actively participated in the production itself and improved my skills rather than just giving feedback but I postponed it.

Because Kim Rae-bin is so good.

‘The song is the most important thing so I shouldn’t have done that.’

It was not possible to let Kim Rae-bin listen to the identity of Testa’s music on his own from the beginning.

Rather than just formulating a concept and genre you should have touched on it in detail at least once.

I thought about this after checking the composition program on my laptop.

‘I hope this performance has the effect of relieving some of the pressure.’

okay. Anyway I’ll have to check that guy’s reaction first.

I raised my head looked at Raebin Kim and opened my mouth.

“And next time…”

No I don’t think I need another one.

I closed my mouth. Raebin Kim was staring intently at the video on the smart TV.
