---
title: "Chapter 307"
category: "book"
index: 306
section: "Chapter 307"
slug: "307"
---

# Chapter 307

The composition camp started right away.

The item is a 60-second arrangement of the Vostema BGM from the sequel to 〈127 Section〉.

“Wow why are game songs so addictive?”

“I think it’s even more so because the sections are repeated.”

Since it was not something they would risk their lives for the members chatted leisurely and turned on the composition program to create an atmosphere.

Since debut when marketing through self-producing the agency has provided basic training on how to use a composition program so everyone knows the basics.

The problem is that it was of little use after being used for three years.

“Hmm.”

“Why is there an order here? “Tell me!”

“First of all… top notes.”

‘That’s bullshit.’

I looked down at my laptop screen.

I know that I have to first pick the original sound and organize it but… there is no rule that I have properly mastered.

-Mundae do you know how to load this?

-… Let’s at least watch the basic lecture.

That’s right. To put it bluntly we were just crap.

Everyone knew about it but we didn’t study harder than we should on purpose.

‘That doesn’t fit the purpose.’

Because this is a hobby.

“I’m so sorry but this is…”

“This is a drum machine group!”

“…thank you.”

I saw Raebin Kim operating his laptop quickly without even blinking while sincerely answering questions from people around him.

Even then I get sucked into the laptop again.

The hectic surroundings on the other hand do not allow time to worry while composing music.

‘It’s okay.’

I also started to build up the base by moving the mouse.

And after some time.

“Three hours over! Now let’s tell each other~”

“and!!”

Anyway except for Kim Rae-bin they were all there and since it was a three-hour work they took turns playing the songs without much pressure.

And as expected the level of completion was crap… but unexpected crap started popping up.

“Hahaha!”

“This is cool!”

“Yeah cool!”

The sound of an unadjusted blade explodes through the Bluetooth speaker.

I was fortunate that it was a mountain lodge. If it had been a resort I would have been kicked out.

I shook my head while listening to Cha Yu-jin’s shockingly extreme arrangement.

“How are you?”

“Oh it’s like thunder.”

“Hehe.”

It’s not a compliment but it’s good. When I turned my head Raebin Kim’s pupils were shaking. He seems embarrassed.

Still it’s easy to give feedback.

Because you can give advice and talk to your heart’s content instead of wondering if the other person is being presumptuous when he or she is a better person.

While listening to Sun Ah-hyun’s song that happened to be played next time Kim Rae-bin sitting next to her eventually opened her mouth.

“Uh what do you think…?”

“that…”

Besides you have to say only good things.

The pressure of having to answer honestly is offset once again.

Raebin Kim played the sound several times with great sincerity and seemed to be putting all his effort into getting praise.

“The harmony is thicker than the original song so it sounds soft and beautiful…!”

I guess so. Because the original song was 8 beat.

“I see… thank you.”

Still because it was a compliment from an expert Sun Ah-hyun’s face brightened.

“That’s right it feels more like a protagonist than a boss? As expected it’s Ahyeon~”

“…It’s easy to listen to.”

There really isn’t a separate club. Raebin Kim quietly spoke.

“That is correct. The guitar is nice to listen to so I think it would be beautiful even if the volume was turned up a little more.”

What the hell. It looks like you might want to polish it up a bit now.

First of all it seemed certain that I was free from the pressure of evaluation. If you praise these beginners’ arrangements they will gain confidence.

And soon enough it was time to play Kim Rae-bin’s song.

I intentionally put it in the middle instead of at the end or front.

“Oh~ Ravin~”

“yes. Let me play it.”

Raebin Kim operated the mouse with a slightly excited face.

And then a sound as tightly woven as a spider’s web began to flow out.

“…!”

It wasn’t a song format.

A sleek structure close to New Age.

The original taste of the background and theme was faithfully maintained by arranging the short sections that were used as background music well.

However the resolution of the song was different.

‘…I can’t believe it can sound like this.’

It feels like it has been idealized by extracting the essence of the song that enters people’s ears and remains in their minds.

And after the first 30 seconds the song rises with unique elements mixed in.

“…!”

“This is our song! Right?”

It is a mixture of the signature of the rap part of the collaboration OST we created ‘Bonus Book’.

A somewhat sad-sounding monotone falls like water droplets on a spiderweb-like structure.

It matched perfectly with the character narrative and the pleasure as the song unfolded was great.

“Hey~”

“Ravin is this so good??”

okay. good night.

It’s not a song that can be sold to the public but the song was good enough that I even used expressions like spider webs to express it.

And no matter how much they decided to only give positive feedback there was sincerity in their gestures and voices.

“I love hearing this!”

Raebin Kim seemed a little embarrassed by the outpouring of admiration but also seemed a little moved.

I gave a short review.

No other words were needed.

“It sounds more like the original song than the original song.”

“…!!”

Kim Rae-bin suddenly raised his head. I nodded.

“…thank you.”

I could hear his voice shaking but he didn’t bother to point it out.

Even after the one-minute arrangement finished playing Raebin Kim looked at the laptop screen and touched the touchpad.

We left him alone for a while.

And just as Kim Rae-bin came to his senses the next guy’s turn came which was no different from a public execution.

“Hmm~ Next is Mundae!”

It’s me.

I sighed inwardly but I was the one who brought this hell upon myself.

‘End it short and boldly.’

And then I pressed play.

Wow.

Well since the symbol of this character was a drone I used more electronic sounds to make it sound more ominous.

And that crackling… I also gave it a complicated instrumental effect.

People around me nod their heads.

“Are you okay?”

Is that so? No need for sympathy.

After listening to this song from a perfect professional there is no need to take a step back.

It’s like the ‘grasping ear’ is screaming.

I crossed my arms unimpressed but Raebin Kim across from me raised his hand.

“The elements are fun and you seem to have a clever sense of modifying the melody…!”

“I know. “I guess the door has some sense.”

Even Kim Rae-bin said empty words… Wait a minute.

I saw the guy’s face.

Kim Rae-bin looked as focused on the song as she did when she checked the topic on TV.

“…?”

Are you serious?

He even came to my laptop and checked the notes he had taken.

And I clenched my fists.

Like wanting to hold a mouse.

“brother! “If you don’t mind I’ll just sing a little bit of this song…”

“okay.”

Raebin Kim looked up at me with a puzzled expression.

“It would be nice if you groomed me.”

The smile on his face grew uncontrollably.

He had a bright face not like an unpleasant guy.

* * *

The content of the first day’s composition camp was changed to Kim Rae-bin’s arrangement lecture.

– Among the VSTs you used there are many harsh and strong sounds so if you adjust the level here…

-WOW!

Kim Rae-bin excitedly gave advice on how to take advantage of the members’ arrangements and the members had a lot of fun editing their own songs.

And my song… well it’s almost like Kim Rae-bin did some kind of modification.

What’s surprising is that the original feel was left behind.

-The idea used in the arrangement was great and the direction was clear so it progressed quickly!

In other words doesn’t that mean that I didn’t notice the imbalance that was so obvious to fix in your hands?

…Well whatever it’s okay if you’re satisfied.

Raebin Kim modified all seven theme songs into her own versions ate dinner satisfactorily and ended the camp for the day.

And now it is dawn.

“hmm.”

Since I woke up alone before the alarm went off I thought I’d check my schedule for the day in advance.

I stepped on the blanket and sat down at the kitchen table to avoid the guys who seemed to be kicking me.

And shook his head.

‘today… ’

I plan to pick children’s songs and idol titles one by one and combine them.

Of course we will select idols from among the most prominent juniors and make sure that we cannot officially use them.

‘And when time permits Liu Chengwu even brought hiking boots… ’

“?”

At that moment the person who had been sleeping on a blanket in the kitchen opened his eyes.

This is Raebin Kim.

“tight.”

“No it’s okay…”

And then he hurriedly got up and sat down across from me.

“I really want to say thank you.”

now?

“It may be that my self-consciousness is exaggerated but I feel like they were very considerate in helping me regain my ability to compose…”

“It’s not consideration.”

I tilted my head back.

And what I had to say a few days ago when my laptop was confiscated came out.

“We had to gradually take up composing as a hobby. “There are seven members so it’s abnormal to put all the burden of music on one person.”

“…”

“So it’s okay if you say you don’t want to compose. “Everyone wasn’t doing it so what?”

However Raebin Kim opened his mouth with difficulty.

“But many people are looking forward to it. “The company’s employees and the AR team also said they were waiting for my song.”

“Are you afraid that people will be disappointed if you can’t use it?”

Raebin Kim hesitated. It means positive.

I held back a sigh.

“Ravin. “You’re good at performing and rapping but why do you act like you’re good at only one thing?”

“…!”

“Writing songs is fun so it’s okay if you do it but if you don’t even if you change the method this group will somehow continue. “You can just buy the song.”

Raebin Kim raised his head.

“Of course it’s true that you make ridiculously good songs and I’m receiving a lot of help thanks to you. “We should be thankful for that.”

I continued calmly.

“But if you don’t do it it’s not your fault and you’re not ruined. “Always remember that there are other options.”

“yes.”

Raebin Kim answered with both hands clenched and his head bowed.

“I won’t forget.”

The answer was watery but there was also definitely a sense of relief.

‘It’s true that I felt a lot of pressure.’

When I kept making it well I didn’t feel it but when I slipped once I got scared.

I’m worried that my reputation could be shattered and that it could cause enormous damage to the team.

‘Now that I think about it it was like that when I was misled in &lt;Azusa&gt;.’

I remembered that during the second team match this guy was so intimidated that he just accepted the feedback.

‘…Could that have been the cause?’

Well it’s not something we can figure out just by guessing now so let’s move on.

But anyway I said this after making good songs again and getting out of the feeling of helplessness so I guess I’ll be able to breathe a little easier.

I waited until Kim Rae-bin calmed down.

The guy briefly wiped his face with his shirt and then opened his mouth again in a quiet voice as if he had made up his mind.

“I… But can I tell you one thing?”

“okay.”

Let’s see.

I even predicted things like ‘With the composition skills of the current members my absence will be very fatal.’

But Raebin Kim spoke seriously.

“Because all members are participating in the production of albums and activities it seems excessive to say that I provide unilateral help…!”

He is truly a consistent guy.

“okay.”

I smiled and uncrossed my arms.

“thanks.”

“no.”

Raebin Kim answered firmly.

Beyond that you can see the veranda illuminated by the rising sun. It seems to push away the darkness.

‘Did it go well?’

And a cylindrical shape shining in golden light…

hmm.

[Large 150000 Small 70000]

[Cash price]

I said without thinking.

“Shall we have a drink?”

Raebin Kim followed my gaze and checked the ginseng liquor. And he shouted with a bright expression.

“yes! “I will follow you.”

“…?”

I thought you would say no.

However Kim Rae-bin has a puzzled face.

“yes? I heard that ginseng liquor is good for the mind and body…”

“…Grandma?”

“yes!”

okay. That’s true. I drank ginseng wine with Kim Rae-bin at 6\:30 in the morning when everyone else was asleep.

The first alcohol I drank in a long time wasn’t as exciting as I remembered but it tasted good.

* * *

“Is there something that’s bothering you?”

“No something… I think the layout has changed.”

I ignored Bae Se-jin’s words when he woke up in the morning. There is no evidence.

Instead the moment I was about to proceed with my next schedule after eating a decent amount of rice balls for breakfast.

One of the guys who was having fun playing yesterday’s songs one more time opened his mouth.

“Um… Ravin. Rather than not making this public at all should we try posting it on the internet? “It’s a shame that only we can hear it.”

“…! “You mean on Testa’s social media account?”

I went to this extent to prevent that from happening.

‘…I was originally going to do it on the last day after camp.’

Now that the word has been said let’s proceed.

I naturally moved on to the next step.

“I’ll just create a WeTube account and upload it. “You can’t do it in our name.”

“Oh I see.”

“Yes that will do!”

Bae Se-jin shouted out even more excitedly and quickly created an account. He is doing well.

I reflected on the order.

Camp stage 1.

1. Continue to create hobby songs without any intermediate feedback.

And next step.

This is label-free verification.

“Huh wait a minute~ How about we pick a screen image first?”

…However this turns into a verification on a much larger scale than I expected.
