---
title: "Chapter 308"
category: "book"
index: 307
section: "Chapter 308"
slug: "308"
---

# Chapter 308

Second day of composition camp.

The arrangement was carried out amidst laughter.

“Hahaha!”

“You’re such an idiot!”

This is because combining children’s songs and idol songs was a stupider move than expected resulting in various strange works.

The song was even chosen by drawing lots.

‘I can never reveal it.’

As soon as it is revealed that we created this there will be controversy as ‘Are we mocking our juniors?’

I played back the result of combining ‘Dreaming Bear’ and ‘Hacker’ and turned it off without hesitation.

[Bear~ Go go go bear!]

It was an indescribable piece of strange trash.

However Raebin Kim produced quite interesting results here as well.

“Oh~ Ravin the beat on this is a Golden Age song right?”

“That’s right. “I borrowed the beat from the verse and finished it with a more flashy feel!”

“…So this is what ‘Butterfly’ sounds like?”

Kim Rae-bin’s mash-up was so unique and great that Bae Se-jin’s question was understandable.

‘Butterfly’ sounds trendy.

‘I was trying to make everyone fall apart and lessen the burden.’

On the contrary it seems to have made Kim Rae-bin more excited… Well it was actually a good thing.

I stood up and looked around the composition camp which had become a comedy grinding ground.

“Where are you going to Mundaemun University?”

“To see the chicken.”

The idea was to check the boiled rice being cooked in a pressure cooker for lunch.

But something unexpected followed.

“I’m going too!”

It was Cha Yu-jin.

‘I don’t think I liked white boiled rice more than chicken.’

You seem excited to come visit. I shrugged put it on and headed to the gas stove.

When I noticed the ginseng liquor displayed neatly on the veranda next to me I was reminded of early morning drinking.

‘You use spray like this too.’

I changed my clothes brushed my teeth and even used mouthwash so no one would know. There’s no way you could get drunk with that small bottle right?

‘…for a moment.’

That’s me but what about the other guy?

“The more I listen to it the more it seems like Sejin made an excellent choice in using only the most addictive melodies from children’s songs!”

“Haha! okay? “Ravin just wants to keep listening~?”

“Yes very interesting!”

“…”

Could it be that Kim Rae-bin was so talkative because she was drunk?

‘Well… it’s good to relax.’

Anyway no one knows. I passed the ginseng liquor beyond the glass window.

But at that time Cha Yu-jin was Sook-deok.

“Did you drink that?”

“…!!”

How did that bastard know… No I deny it for now.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“lie! “I don’t trust you.”

Cha Yu-jin grinned and pointed to the refrigerator.

[When I looked in the morning there was an empty bottle in the refrigerator. That’s the strange liquor there right?]

“…”

[I found it while looking for cola.]

Was that the cause?

It was a discovery worthy of the person with the biggest appetite here.

I looked at Cha Yu-jin wondering if she was going to ask for another chicken leg but to my surprise Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

And then I glanced at Raebin Kim.

[Did you drink it while talking to him?]

“okay.”

[also! He seemed more comfortable today. They say that sometimes alcohol opens a person’s mouth.]

“Who said that?”

[Um are you my maternal grandmother?]

I think I understand why that guy and Kim Rae-bin got along well since they were at their previous agency. I briefly thought about Kim Rae-bin’s grandmother who praised ginseng wine then erased it.

Cha Yu-jin lowered her voice and spoke.

“I like that Raebin Kim looks very comfortable.”

It was quite an extraordinary sound.

“I see you were very worried. Why didn’t you tell me directly?”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

[We are in the same grade. I have a self-esteem problem.]

I wonder if this is what the guy who came to Raebin Kim crying during &lt;Azusa&gt; would say.

‘Is that another field?’

Anyway I just nodded and looked at the pressure cooker with the chicken in it.

Cha Yu-jin caught up again and this time raised her thumb.

“Brother you’re amazing.”

Baeksuk?

[My brother has already provided a lot of support for Raebin Kim to be able to compose music.]

“It’s just that you did a good job.”

Honestly that guy who turns children’s songs into popular songs would have made a good living wherever he went.

But Cha Yu-jin folded her arms.

[no. My previous company wasn’t very smart! Kim Rae-bin definitely had talent but he wasn’t often entrusted with composing music.]

“hmm.”

[But Kim Rae-bin often said that he was grateful to my brother for trusting him from the beginning.]

I thought they just yelled at each other all the time but did they even talk about that?

The content was so heartwarming that it was embarrassing to say that I saw Maestro’s characteristics in the status window.

But Cha Yu-jin’s story did not end there.

[Originally athletes and artists experience slumps at some point. So Kim Rae-bin did not fall into a slump because her older brother put extra pressure on her.]

“…”

[Kim Rae-bin would definitely want to say this so I’m telling her in advance. As BFF!]

…I didn’t expect this to be encouraged.

I don’t know what that had to do with my back but he patted me on the back.

[And look at that. You even worked on your brother’s magic trick. Honestly I respect you?]

Wow.

I looked at the smiling guy checked Kim Rae-bin once again and then gave a short answer.

“thanks.”

“Hehe.”

[But don’t talk about alcohol with others.]

“all right! [I’ll keep it a secret for my friends.]”

Cha Yu-jin said with her eyes shining.

“But I drink too! “That is a condition.”

Ginseng liquor?

I don’t think I would like it very much but I guess I mistook it for the taste of some kind of dessert wine because of the color.

“when.”

“NOW! “No at night!”

Me indeed.

I smiled and answered.

“okay. “Either drink it.”

Cha Yu-jin smiled and held out her fist.

Then a gloomy voice intervened.

“Drink something.”

“…!”

Why are you popping out there again?

It was Bae Se-jin.

The guy looked at Cha Yu-jin’s fist as if he was uncomfortable and immediately shouted with a shocked face as if he realized something.

“you…! “You drank ginseng wine!”

Damn it.

“No that’s…”

“Raebin Kim! “Did you drink that with Park Moon-dae??”

“Oh yeah! Together in the morning… ah.”

Kim Rae-bin answered with an embarrassed expression probably remembering what I had said ‘Let’s not say it because the other members may feel left out.’

“sorry. “I should have held out until dinner… I’ll definitely make something new for dinner!”

“that…!!”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned red but he held back.

oh.

“…okay.”

“All right!”

“What’s going on~?”

“We talked about drinking ginseng wine in the evening!”

“This ginseng…?”

“Oh that’s it.”

The members had mysterious faces but there was no need to criticize them.

It’s been a while since I stopped drinking and I probably don’t feel like saying anything to Raebin Kim now.

Is this how it goes?

Well it seemed like Bae Se-jin also guessed that there was a situation. And it’s okay because I don’t get much excitement from drinking anymore.

‘One more time naturally in the evening like this… ’

At that time Bae Se-jin grabbed my shoulder and said.

“You can’t.”

“…”

hey.

“Look bro! It’s okay now. “It’s no problem to drink a little wine!”

“That’s not wine that’s spirits!”

Cha Yu-jin ended up crying and giving up.

“I’m sorry bro.”

Done…

I did not drink a single drop of alcohol until the moment I left the lodge.

Still… it was a good camp overall.

When I left the mountain cabin Raebin Kim’s laptop was in her hand not my bag.

* * *

After returning from the composition camp where we were cut off from the outside world for 3 days and 2 nights we have completely devoted our schedules to preparing for the concert.

Of course this doesn’t mean that there is no spare time at all.

I used to briefly monitor the reactions to the arrangements of section 127 which Keunsejin uploaded including the background images.

In conclusion the response was better than expected.

-What is this person?

-OK I’m not lying This is SOO000 interesting

-I’m tired.

-What are you doing in a ruined factory? You need to make money right away. If something like this appears in the boss room it’ll be crazy.

Perhaps because it is a game series with so many global enthusiasts people regularly search for covers and it seems like word of mouth has spread.

‘I thought it would be like that based on the quality. ‘I deliberately added keywords so that it wouldn’t be buried and would be easy to find in searches.’

And of course the theme song arranged by Raebin Kim received the best response.

Even though Kim Rae-bin refined ours to a level of re-creation the quality would be better if he put it all together himself.

And the response… was mainly that he was a genius.

-Expected to be an established composer

└You’re confident even though you’re an outsider. People in the industry will give you an estimate. You seem like a young kid with genius who hasn’t entered the professional scene yet.

└The X door guy is saying whatever he wants lol. I can see right away that he is a very talented arranger.

I deliberately let Raebin Kim look for these.

No we even watched it together.

“They say so.”

“Yes those are a bit embarrassing but I am grateful…!”

I hoped Raebin Kim would see the comments and solidify her confidence that she was out of her slump.

At first glance these comments are similar to the public’s high evaluation that gave Kim Rae-bin a slump but there is a slightly crucial difference.

‘It’s a new face.’

The problem is that there are no high standards or background knowledge.

Since it is just pure complimentary feedback regarding the arrangement without any other intention it can be replaced as driving force.

And this time even if I get criticized I am not afraid of the repercussions. Because it’s anonymous anyway.

Moreover there is a place to escape from there. Because it was made with beginners.

‘Whether I fail or do well it ends at this line.’

Additionally it has the effect of keeping other people interested in composing music.

A few times I saw Sejin Bae looking for feedback on her own songs.

“…Why why!”

“no.”

Well I also look for reactions to my arrangements so it’s not the time to talk about others.

In any case it was nice to see feedback without pressure during the concert.

Perhaps thanks to this Raebin Kim seemed to be concentrating well without any unnecessary thoughts even though it was her first concert in which she did not participate in the arrangement.

And there were also people who took advantage of this.

“Mundaemun University.”

“…?”

Just as choreography practice was over and I was about to go home Keun Se-jin spoke to me while holding a tablet PC.

“Hmm… We didn’t really touch the music side of this concert because Ravine had some work to do right?”

“okay.”

“So the arrangement will come out faster… Why don’t you put more effort into other elements in your spare time?”

oh.

“In a way.”

“Like this~”

Big Sejin turned on the screen and showed the set list.

It is not an existing draft but a draft that has been changed by drawing lines yourself.

“…!”

“Are you okay?”

It was like that.

I answered without hesitation.

“Good. “I’ll post it at the meeting tomorrow.”

“Okay~”

Big Sejin grinned.

‘That’s productive.’

I drank water and shared files.

But the agenda of that day did not end there.

“Hey… there was a comment.”

On the way home from practice Bae Se-jin showed a screen.

There was a comment window for our anonymous channel for arranging that was slowly becoming familiar to the eye.

It got so many recommendations that it rose to the top…

It was a formal invitation.

-hello. This is T1 Plays. Since you did not provide contact information on the channel we will inevitably contact you through a comment.

“…??”

And at the bottom of the long comment there was an email from the person in charge of T1 Plays.

It was familiar to my eyes.

“…Are you the person I contacted when we collaborated on the game?”

“Sure.”

Suddenly a huge fishing started.
