---
title: "Chapter 309"
category: "book"
index: 308
section: "Chapter 309"
slug: "309"
---

# Chapter 309

The comment from T1 Plays the company that took over the production team of Section 127 was the theme song that Raebin Kim had independently arranged.

And the comment which was posted less than a day ago was crowded with comments from people full of pilgrimage and expectations.

-Let’s go

-Ah you’re good at your job.

-I waited.

-Put it up!

It feels like this arrangement will be officially adopted for a cinematic trailer or something at any moment.

There are even a lot of foreigners posting foreign memes filled with emoticons.

“Uh oh…”

Raebin Kim was mesmerized. I think my brain was overloaded in an unexpected situation.

It’s funny but I agree.

‘When did it get to this point?’

I knew the reaction would be good but isn’t it a separate issue from topicality?

What kind of game parody video uploaded by a new account gets so popular in just one week?

Since it was an anonymous account anyway I just left it alone but it didn’t work.

I turned on my smartphone to find the cause of this mess.

‘Is this an algorithmic pick again?’

It wasn’t. Rather it was artificial.

It is true that ‘127 Section’ has passed its heyday in Korea and only the fan base remains and its popularity and sales have declined.

However perhaps because of the right sensibility it has become a steady seller overseas with a strong fan base.

Thanks to this there were many overseas game YouTubers who were obsessed with this game series and it seems like one of them saw the video while it was live.

That damn subscriber…

[25.92 million subscribers]

Yes this was awesome. Thanks to this I caught the attention of the person in charge who was working hard and this situation arose.

So what is the conclusion?

“What should I do?”

“Sure.”

Since a while ago the frequency of ‘sure’ as an answer has increased significantly.

It was such a funny situation.

Because it’s not some kind of side character but a second career as a professional composer.

And that’s because my current partner took the bait on his own.

At that moment Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“We’re doing it! “It’s fun!”

I thought so.

“Wait a minute!”

“Let’s think about it Eugene!”

I opened my mouth as I watched Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin stop Cha Yu-jin who was trying to throw her out by majority vote.

“First of all… if you really accept this offer you will have to enter your real name and bank account when signing the contract.”

“Oh then we’ll be caught right away?”

“yes.”

At that moment it was clear that Testa was being used as a story to promote this game. Since it’s the same affiliate the head office will push it without thinking that it’s the right thing to do.

It’s a fun story so I thought the testa and the game would be beneficial.

‘And suspicions of manipulation will be rampant everywhere… ’

Of course a coincidence like this with a good sister and good brother-in-law can easily look like an obvious marketing deception.

-Launching a tester is disgusting.

-See how the guy is dragging the guy in to get some water one more time.

-I’m going back. T1 Marketing Team why are you like this? ㅅㅂㅠㅠ

It was foolish to make such noise in front of the target. Think about the formation of public opinion such as ‘Testa is not qualified’ during the Rookie of the Year Awards.

Although it is important to actually receive the grand prize the public’s recognition that it was ‘deserving’ clearly affects the success of the mission.

‘Even if we try to stop it it can become

I can’t see that.

At that time an unexpected person opened his mouth with a serious expression.

“How about putting it in the name of a family member…?”

It was Sun Ah-hyun. It seemed like he suggested it because he felt bad about giving up Raebin Kim’s accomplishments.

“Oh are you okay?”

“I like it!”

I answered with difficulty.

“no. “The moment you are caught you will be accused of tax evasion.”

It is unconditional. It’s still a sensitive area these days so you have to be careful.

Bae Se-jin who was once in an uproar over his comprehensive income tax return in the first year of his debut swallowed his saliva.

“Then… shall we ignore it?”

“Something like that too.”

Since it had already garnered attention once it seemed like if I continued to post arrangements on this account stories about contact would continue to come out.

‘Kim Raebin’s talent is worth it.’

Besides look at the people commenting with excitement right now. On the contrary if there is no reaction aggro may be attracted because that part is unique.

Then those who try to use it to go viral can also come out.

‘…I should just change my account.’

Well I thought this account had a symbolic meaning for Kim Rae-bin overcoming a slump so I tried to leave it there for as long as possible.

To avoid that… it’s the orthodoxy after all.

“If you are thinking of refusing I think it would be best to express it in appropriate words first.”

“I see.”

It’s perfect if you have a good excuse that everyone can understand and move on.

If you just continue arranging activities there comes a time when your interest wanes.

“Come up with something plausible you’re good at this!”

“yes? “Me?”

When Keun Se-jin laughed as if it was absurd Bae Se-jin flinched. After being polite for about a year or two the two of them seemed to be slowly losing their temper.

‘But is it okay to say it out loud?’

Anyway instead of getting into a useless fight with Bae Se-jin Big Se-jin expressed his opinion.

“In this matter the opinion of the first contributor is important~ What do you think Ravin?”

“yes?”

Kim Rae-bin who seemed to be lost in many thoughts with his mouth open suddenly came to his senses when Keun Se-jin called him.

And answered carefully.

“It’s okay for me to say no!”

“Wouldn’t it be a waste?”

“yes! “It was originally created at a composition camp as a hobby not for commercial purposes so I’m really happy and satisfied with the response I’ve received!”

“Well if that’s the case with Ravin.”

“Okay~”

The conversation ended with thinking of an appropriate rejection phrase.

“I guess academics will be fine right?”

“okay. Refine your speech.”

So this is the comment left on the video.

-I really appreciate the formal contract proposal but I don’t have time because I’m studying. I’m satisfied with being able to upload it to WeTube and share it like this.

It is a reason that is so benign that it cannot be criticized and is common enough that it is not suspected.

This concludes it.

Everyone probably had similar thoughts but things didn’t go that way.

* * *

“Wow this guy is persistent.”

A few days later we found a comment from the person in charge underneath the pinned comment.

-That satisfaction… wouldn’t it be greater if money was included? (frowning emoticon)

We can contract with arrangements that have already been made so please feel free to contact us! Good luck studying! (smiling emoticon)

And as if they were somehow impressed by this dull comedy people got even more excited and started posting in the comments.

‘…It’s slowly coming up in the community as well.’

[Abandoned factory under construction]

[Is that arrangement really that impressive? [I heard it was difficult]

[Recent status of hard-working companies]

Someone must have captured this and was carrying it around because it looked like fun.

– Hahahahahahaha

-Please update at a time like this.

-Take it! Accept it!

It was as if if I refused here I would get upset and become a rude brat.

Of course there will be people who criticize the person in charge saying ‘Why bother bothering to do it if you don’t want to do it?’

‘Then it really becomes a mess… There is no topic that spreads more easily than a controversial topic.

If it were revealed that the arranger was actually a tester in that mess a truly unpleasant situation would arise.

‘If you’re not careful it’s controversial.’

Moreover as elements other than the arrangement become a hot topic the number of people who intentionally write negative reviews or praise in comments is increasing.

The essence of opening an account is already becoming blurred.

‘Fuck you.’

It’s really annoying.

I’m busy concentrating on the concert so what kind of fuss is this?

Thanks to this Kim Rae-bin even felt a little downcast.

“I am truly sorry for making you worry about unnecessary things during such an important time…”

I laughed.

“Why are you apologizing for having talent?”

“Of course I didn’t mean it that way…!”

Kim Rae-bin was shocked but couldn’t find anything to say in particular to refute so I checked again while playing the conversation.

“I guess the reason you agreed to decline this wasn’t because it was burdensome but because it was neat under the circumstances.”

“yes? yes. That’s true but…”

“Then that’s it. It’s okay to ignore all of this. “Because the concert comes first.”

“…yes. All right!”

Kim Rae-bin seemed relieved to hear that confirmation. At that moment Keun Se-jin came in smiling heartily and clasping his arms around his shoulders.

“Yes~ We have to show our best side at this concert~ We are preparing so hard!”

That is also true.

In fact there weren’t many people who had enough energy left to pay much attention to this game company’s shit.

The more I focus on the set list that guy changed the more details I have to take care of.

‘He’s a useful guy.’

I saw the big Sejin once again.

If there is a corner to gain it is quite easy to design a realistic route to get there.

‘So he is also the one who played the biggest role in the plan I made.’

That’s right. The curriculum I had set up when planning my trip to the mountain lodge was still incomplete.

There is one last step left.

-Composition camp stage 3.

Now that you have regained your confidence through step 2 this is a way to prevent mental breakdown even in a slump situation.

‘as soon as… ’

Giving people a sense of accomplishment and reward in a situation where they are disconnected from the power to touch production.

That’s what this concert is.

* * *

“I feel like my heart will explode.”

“Me too.”

The graduate student was making a fuss with his friend Park Moon-dae who was sitting diagonally in front of him.

And unlike them a third person with a somber face was sitting nearby.

‘Why am I here… ’

It was their friend. He participated in the ticketing competition as a mercenary but surprisingly all his friends succeeded in ticketing and there were tickets left.

And thanks to my friends’ encouragement and curiosity I ended up sitting here… but I was already regretting it.

‘They’ll sell it through scalping.’

I didn’t do it because I was worried that I might get caught and have trouble finding a job but I felt like it was a waste to sit here in an uncomfortable chair.

‘With that money I can repay 100 years of service!’

That’s right. She was a modern mobile gamer who wasn’t afraid to spend money on random games.

‘I was tempted because he was such a famous idol… whew.’

She looked at her friends who were already talking excitedly and shook her head.

‘This is a bit embarrassing too.’

The light stick was so bright that I wanted to put it in.

However at the concert hall where everyone was sharing the same excitement and excitement she had no choice but to helplessly hold up the light stick.

‘Ugh really.’

Around this time she was starting to resent her friends.

-Jiiing

A soft-voiced announcement began to sound.

-hello.

Ahhh!!

“Oh my.”

Is it that exciting to get started? She was startled by the cheers that erupted around her.

-We would like to provide information to the audience who came to see Testa’s ‘Wave for me’ today.

It was nice to hear a man’s voice carefully explaining viewing etiquette but I felt a bit out of place.

It was because it was a word choice that would be made in a more formal performance hall than a concert but she did not notice anything specific.

-Well then I hope you enjoy watching it.

At that time the graduate student spoke to her with a big smile.

‘That’s the doorway!’

uh?

At that moment the lights went black.

-Now we are entering the waves…

The performer’s final announcement sounded just in time.

And slowly sounds began to be heard in the concert hall which had suddenly become quiet.

It was the sound of the sea.

And slowly the orchestra and electronic sounds melted into it and began to come to the fore.

A clear rustling sound.

It was a song she had heard too.

‘It’s Testa’s debut song right?’

But the very next moment another powerful melody comes into the mix.

This is a song I know again. But again in just a few seconds the next accompaniment appears…

‘what?’

It was an overture an overture.

A preview played at the opening of an opera or musical.

The difference is that this is not meant to introduce the song.

This is because everyone at the scene already knew the song.

This was for immersion.

‘…there’s an atmosphere.’

And the lights return to the concert hall.

It was an intense blue light that covered the entire auditorium. But it wasn’t static.

“…!”

Numerous light blue and dark blue colors waved and colored the indoor concert hall.

The air moves.

Chi profit.

And dry ice falls under your feet. Smoke billowed softly.

“and.”

The lights the wafting cool smell and the slightly dull sounding accompaniment…

The five senses helped with the metaphor.

The inside of the concert hall was underwater!
