---
title: "Chapter 310"
category: "book"
index: 309
section: "Chapter 310"
slug: "310"
---

# Chapter 310

Testa’s concert began with the underwater view intact in the concert hall.

And what unfolded was… a performance that the gamer who followed his friend to the concert unexpectedly did not expect.

‘her.’

Usually when you think of a ‘concert’ whether the subject is a singer or an idol there is an expected format.

A performance where the performer presents his or her own stage as the center.

The hit songs and the latest songs were mixed and distributed and the order was adjusted so that the tension of the performance did not decrease.

And in fact Testa has also been doing such concerts so far so her friends gave her a similar explanation.

-You know a lot of songs so it will be fun haha.

-That’s right and the kids are all really good-looking and good so I’ll definitely pay for the tickets!ㅠㅠ It’s such a waste to cancel!

But not now. This concert had a story instead.

[Slowly submerging

time night

[I don’t want to escape]

Between the dry ice elegant choreography taken from modern dance unfolds with the hem of the fabric fluttering as if floating in the sea.

The first song chosen was ‘Midnight and Next’ arranged with a perfect orchestra.

It was a very unique choice.

This is because for an idol who has this many hit songs over the years it is common for the songs they performed a lot at the beginning of their debut to be left out as a medley at best.

However Testa went out of his way to arrange and use this song.

Because this is the starting point of the narrative that will be shown in this performance.

[Songs and dreams

Forget everything it’s midnight here.

Your Midnight]

The boy who fell into the sea is stuck in the past along with his dreams.

The clockwork turns and the members sink into the sea and experience the past.

The members lay down in the deep sea at the same time as the grandfather bell announcing the end of ‘Midnight and Next’.

[Dang-]

And the stage background naturally becomes a classroom.

The lighting changes clearly as if in a dream.

The song that naturally connects is ‘High Five’. A bright and cheerful rock sound that sings of cheerful youth!

The members stand up and run around the stage grinning and doing foot-stomping choreography past the slightly dazed interlude.

[My feet move

Faster and farther!]

The boy who returns to the past pursues his dreams falls in love encounters enemies and develops the strength to overcome them.

Testa’s songs were included in each context one by one.

Of course Testa was an idol and the story wasn’t as explicit as a real musical or opera.

However I was able to fully understand the context through the lyrics atmosphere and the VCR that appeared every now and then.

Especially if you have no background in Testa!

‘This… was this song originally made to do this?’

The gamer was embarrassed.

Because fans were so familiar with the song they went through it more smoothly but in fact the members prominently added expressions tailored to the story between songs.

And gamers accepted all of that text at the same rate as the song.

Embarrassment joy tension vigilance…

Because his overflowing talent and expressive power were extraordinary gamers were instantly immersed in even unfamiliar songs.

The protagonist on stage who has grown through the realization of love delivers a powerful performance as if to show off his power.

[Bite it and enjoy it

Now Spring out!]

The narrative enhances the three-dimensional feel of the stage.

In the end when the concert-style performance using guns and dancers exploded with intensity she was almost unconsciously applauding and cheering at the end of the stage!

“omg.”

When you come to an idol concert you’re not cheering but you’re reacting like this conditioned reflexive sentiment?

She was dumbfounded when asked what kind of musical she had come to see but there was no need for her.

Testa was more sincere.

The high notes vocal volume and extreme choreography came together in perfect harmony and at the end of the powerful ‘Spring Out’ ending the lights blinked.

An epic high point with tearing shouts and heart pounding.

But for a moment everything stopped as if it had been washed away.

“…!”

After the song ends with a spectacular climax… it’s time for a break.

[~Intermission~]

[Act 2 will begin soon.]

They even saved the intermission format.

As if asking you to think about what you just saw. As if to inflate expectations further.

[Yay!]

The gamer opened his mouth as he watched the VCR playing with the members running around in animal pajamas as if it were some sort of public service announcement.

She wasn’t the only one.

As the lights came on and the atmosphere relaxed for the intermission the fans also started going crazy in the tacit permission that it was ‘intermission time’.

“Uh huh huh huh…”

“What is this?”

There were countless people holding their smartphones and frantically writing things down.

And gamers also received a message.

-Great genius great genius great genius.

-(Falling down emoticon)

They were two friends.

When I visually checked where the two were sitting it seemed like they were both sending KakaoTalk messages with their eyes completely fixed on the VCR.

‘Huh.’

It was a bit scary.

But I understood a little bit. ‘They make it so well that even people like me who don’t know anything can enjoy it.’

A concert like this was worth seeing at least once. She internally admitted that she understood the reason for the force.

This was Testa’s first time performing in this format and she waited for the second act with even more excitement than before without even guessing that social media was going crazy.

‘Are we about to see a fight?’

Because she was familiar with this royal road-style game protagonist narrative! With gorgeous dancing and singing it couldn’t have been fun!

The performance soon resumed with a lively announcement.

[Audiences aren’t you a little surprised by what these guys are thinking when performing like this? Are you somewhat curious?]

This is Sejin Lee.

When the audience is buzzing with laughter and reaction to that sly comment.

[Still you can check how the test fares soon. Then Act 2 starts now.

The lights go out.

When a light orchestra flows and the performer appropriately breaks the tempo anticipation builds in people’s hearts.

Now gamers are easily impressed.

‘You did it so that the audience felt like they were participating in the stage right?’

There was something about this perverted level of detail that stimulated the hearts of enthusiasts!

‘It was completely planned!’

That’s right.

Testa carefully structured the structure and poured his skills into this performance to give it story context and immersion.

But no matter how it was put together there were inevitable gaps in between.

Testa’s songs were not composed with the aim of telling a single story and they are not as rich in variety as the songs of musicians produced in musicals.

So the cover stage is what fills that void.

It was a solo and unit performance.

The second act was filled with the latest popular songs that would be the highlight and cover songs to support them.

So Testa had to make very precise calculations even behind the scenes.

* * *

“Huh.”

“3 minutes!”

The backstage is full of moans and short answers.

The noise was annoying and I kept counting.

‘It’s tight.’

As the sense of connection between the stage and the stage became more important there was less time to catch my breath. Because there is no time to talk or relax during the performance.

-Wow!

I held my tongue to avoid being swept away by the cheers I had just heard.

And I thought calmly.

‘As expected there will be different opinions.’

Right now the audience will really like it because it’s fresh and fun but as soon as they cool down they’ll start talking.

Some fans may want to communicate more interactively at concerts.

To make up for that point it was the right decision to plan W Live communication after the performance.

‘good.’

There was no time to be more satisfied. At that moment the guy next to me who was going to go on stage next was dying.

I asked Kim Rae-bin whose face was ashen.

“Are you worried?”

“yes? Oh no. We will do our best to show a stage that will satisfy our fans…!”

Raebin Kim answered quickly but he was clenching and opening his hands.

It means you are more nervous than usual.

‘It’s worth it.’

I crossed my arms.

We lacked this experience.

An effort to completely understand and implement the song itself without touching it unilaterally given by someone else.

Since his debut there has been almost no career in which he has aligned himself with a work that has already been completed as the composer intended.

‘Because I continued to participate in the song and concept.’

It is no different from omitting the training that a rookie would normally do over 45 years to serve as a foundation.

Since you can’t touch the sound source everything else… especially learning how to use yourself to the limit.

‘I will learn it through this opportunity.’

That’s exactly what we had to show today by tearing ourselves apart one by one.

In the first place why did Keun Sejin modify the set list in a way that emphasizes the story like this?

It was simple.

-You decided not to touch the song~ Let’s use that time here right?

By excluding the arrangement time he added capabilities that he could further hone within himself in that space.

Even ‘context’ is included in the elements that the performer considers and expresses on stage.

I hit Raebin Kim on the back.

“I had a good time during practice so take it easy.”

I heard the sound of swallowing.

“…yes.”

Raebin Kim nodded firmly.

Well actually it’s a problem that’s okay if you don’t go to this extent.

“Mumundae I have to go with Ravin over there…”

After completing his return the guy sneaked up to Kim Rae-bin.

Seon Ah-hyun.

This is the member who will perform a unit performance with Raebin Kim on the next stage. I smiled and opened my mouth.

“Seon Ah-hyeon.”

“Hmm?”

“I think Kim Rae-bin will do well on stage.”

Sun Ah-hyeon answered without blinking.

“huh.”

Resolute without a single hesitation. It was an unusually self-confident statement for a guy.

“thank you…!”

Thanks to this Kim Rae-bin seemed impressed by the momentum. The two shook hands before running away.

“Ooh let’s do well!”

“yep!”

‘It’s a good thing I posted it.’

There is a basis for Sun Ah-hyeon’s confidence. Because he’s the only one among us who doesn’t need to lay this foundation.

Because it already exists.

Sun Ah-hyun devoted her entire childhood with the goal of presenting a perfect interpretation and expression of the intention of existing works.

He was a senior ballet major.

“Ooh we’ll go…!”

“okay.”

I saw Raebin Kim and Ahyun Sun running.

The picture was okay.

* * *

On stage right before.

[This is the sound that calls you]

The performance of the boy’s inner seduction ‘call’ has ended. Bae Se-jin whose neck was grabbed glared at the audience.

‘Aaaah!!’

Park Mun-dae’s Homma swallowed his inner cry.

‘How can you do such a cute and brilliant plan at a concert and not promote it even once? I wonder if ‘rich like a musical’ was a hint in the description on the detailed page!’

And took a deep breath. I had to calm down.

Even though Park Moon-dae’s gloomy solo part added to the singing performance was so incredibly sexy that I wanted to dwell on it I had to watch the next stage carefully!

[Tuk.]

But when I actually looked at the VCR it seemed like the next thing to appear was a unit stage.

‘hmm.’

She guessed that it was Park Mun-dae just by looking at the two shaking hands. So I relaxed a little.

‘Let’s enjoy the stage.’

She regained her senses and fixed her gaze again.

At that moment under the stage the members of Testa who had also finished changing their costumes were waiting and watching the monitor.

“Let’s begin!”

Park Moon-dae tried to touch his chin but lowered his hand conscious of his makeup.

And focused on the screen.

The stage scene was being broadcast from a large monitor installed by the dedicated team.

For the unit stage inserted in the final build-up stage of the climax the VCR turns off and music begins to play.

Rrrrrrrrrr!

This is the powerful sound of a progressive rock band that was responsible for the fin-de-siècle experimentation of the 90s.

‘Good implementation.’

A boy who was defeated at a critical moment in a confrontation with the enemy.

The performance that follows ‘Call’ which was a temptation toward greater power is ultimately an internal conflict.

The thunderous electric sound which seemed like a strong temptation soon subsides and is replaced by the elegant and agile sound that was active in the first act.

Orchestra’s violin solo and soft vocals.

[A dizzying place to stay]

So the first one to go up on stage is Sun Ah-hyun.

The characters all symbols symbolizing reason and intelligence are expressed through directing and move smoothly across the stage.

A white spotlight falls along with movements that apply modern dance.

[Standing on tiptoe]

Although it was an experimental song it did not harm the performance that took place with Seo on stage.

This is because the delivery was incredibly good.

“and.”

“Cool.”

Ahyeon wearing a white costume and drawing straight lines perfectly portrayed the foreground of the song.

The unwavering vocals even melt into one of the accompaniments making the performance stand out.

[I have to keep my voice even when the lights change]

[Step by step]

The fabric flutters as he stretches out his hands does a backflip and lands softly.

The power of his mastery as if he was using every inch of his remaining capabilities was extraordinary.

‘really… ’

That static climax that leaves the audience mesmerized.

However dissonance appears here.

thud.

The violin breaks.

Rrrrrrrrrr!

Electric rushes in.

And with a blinking spotlight someone else appears on the other side of the stage.

[Red light]

This is Kim Rae-bin wearing clothes fastened with countless black buckles.

He didn’t dance or anything.

Instead he just moved forward slowly holding a head microphone.

Slowly and imposingly.

[If you walk you fall.

Stop there and go back]

And the rap was shot out.

The rap which is a mix of English and Korean started slowly and then gradually got faster.

And the electronic sound crackling from the microphone.

It was a song performed in collaboration with a Korean rapper at a band concert in the 2000s.

The focus of this song’s performance remained in the interview at the time.

-A song that requires you to burst into the middle of the stage like an uninvited guest and become the master.

And Raebin Kim did just that. He pushed out the orchestra and forced himself to settle down on stage following the tempo of the electric music.

[Tick-tock Tick-tock]

[When the line changes you are not you

Where your feet are your heart is]

The rap goes in the gestures get bigger and the choreography spreads out.

Steal the stage.

With the sound of the orchestra Sun Ah-hyun gave a short and powerful performance as if it were her last resistance but it had already been eroded by all productions.

Thus the orchestra disappears and Seon Ah-hyun impressively falls from one side and disappears along with the stage equipment.

Rrrrrrrrrr!

A stage with a completely changed tone. And only then does Kim Rae-bin’s short and intense group dance with dancers fill the stage in the same amount of time that Sun Ah-hyun dominated in the beginning.

-Wak. Wak. Wak. Wak!

In the midst of the dancers’ group dance mixed with dominant and intense krump Kim Rae-bin kept pace and waved the hem of her coat.

My inner self was dominated by impulse.

In this way the song was reproduced in the 2020s with the original meaning as intended by the songwriter.

Except for one ending.

-Mmmmmmm.

Jisung did not come back.

The only thing that stood until the end was impulse.

-Get off

At the end of the song Kim Rae-bin turned around and disappeared down the stage.

* * *

Wow!!!

“Wow look at that sound!”

The screams from the concert hall sound as if they will shatter even the narrow hallway of the backstage.

Although I am usually generous with cheers this can be considered an honest impression.

‘It means that the unit’s cover song was as good as the actual performance.’

It was a success. I willingly opened my mouth.

“You did a good job.”

“Thank you so much…!”

Sun Ah-hyun came back first smiling while covering herself with a towel. And the remaining one has now appeared in the hallway. The members cheer generously.

“Raebin Kim!!”

“You did really well! “It was so cool!”

“thank you…!”

Raebin Kim took off his coat and nodded without removing it with a flushed face.

‘I think I did a pretty good job.’

It is rare to find such an honest person.

I chuckled.

“good job.”

“yes…!”

I didn’t say anything more and just patted Raebin Kim on the shoulder a few times.

There won’t be time to do more now anyway.

“Change your clothes.”

“ah!!”

Kim Rae-bin opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something but immediately left herself to the staff to carry out the mission of ‘recovering in 20 seconds’.

“Now there’s 150 seconds left~ Should we go to the parade?”

“Go!”

Okay the concert isn’t over yet.

And this wasn’t all I had prepared.
