---
title: "Chapter 311"
category: "book"
index: 310
section: "Chapter 311"
slug: "311"
---

# Chapter 311

The second act of Testa’s concert was a series of endless climaxes.

As the narrative of Kim Rae-bin and Sun Ah-hyun’s unit stage continues the boy’s inner self dominated by impulse eventually flows in a dangerous and dark direction.

A stage to express that passion.

[The day finally came

coming]

Fragmented electronic sounds replace the sounds of traditional instruments creating an ominous noise.

[Finally here today

[Never get away from me ya]

The much darker version of the original song was so intense and sexy that it seemed slightly bizarre.

Liu Chengwu standing at the center nodded with an expressionless expression.

‘Joseon zombies… ’

No concept could be more intense than this and gamers thought this was the best climax to the part where the conflict was the most heightened.

But no.

For each part where you feel like this is the climax a new build-up is added and the excitement continues to build.

‘Uh huh?’

‘Better me’ followed depicting the wanderings of a boy who had defeated his enemy but began to doubt himself.

It was an overwhelming shadow performance.

‘This is the climax!’

It wasn’t.

The boy who ends his wanderings attains enlightenment and returns to his original self holds a splendid return ceremony.

“…??”

The stage that took place was ‘Daybreak’ a combination of the two titles ‘Wheel’ and ‘Drill’ from the previous activities.

Firecrackers exploded like fireworks and the insanely colorful and exciting jaw-dropping performance caught everyone’s attention.

[Turn my ferris wheel around

Fire-light exploding like a star!]

I was thrilled.

It was truly a concert-like climax… but now even gamers knew.

It wasn’t.

‘What else is there?? uh??’

At this point I was starting to look forward to it.

At the bottom of that mentality there was also a wish that this crazy performance would continue without end.

Because this stimulation and immersion was so delicious!

And as if to repay those feelings the next stage continues.

Tung-.

But something was different this time.

‘It’s taking a long time…?’

The preparation time was longer than for previous stages.

Even after the VCR was turned off only the sound of drums sounded on the black stage.

‘what?’

But everything came back on stage at once.

With an exciting whistling sound.

Whick!

Before I knew it water was flowing on the stage.

‘crazy!’

I don’t know how much money was spent but a stream of water like you would see at a large water show somewhere collects on the floor creating a water source.

And light flowed.

Whihwihwi-ik!

The lights turned on in sync with the water flow pool together with the water on the stage floor creating a fantastic scenery.

And at that moment a performer appears.

The performer jumped in the dark above the water stream in front of the concert hall and landed in the water.

“…!”

It was Cha Yu-jin.

Unlike the unit stage where the two were paired up Cha Yu-jin was the only one to come on stage alone during this performance.

[Yeah yeah yeaaaaah]

And without waiting he started dancing alone right away.

Literally like a fish in water he performed a spectacular solo intro with light and spray in water up to his calves.

Water and light form a parabola causing diffuse reflection and flashing. However all of the effects are absorbed as part of the movements of the performer who moves alone.

Cha Yu-jin’s characteristics instantly took over the stage.

The gamer was impressed without even realizing it.

“Wow.”

Are you human?

The moment Cha Yu-jin finished the intro performance she took off her goggles and grinned at the audience.

Wow!!!

The gamer did not frown even though the shouts were deafening.

Because a familiar prelude was played.

‘Oh this!’

This is Testa’s latest hit song. It was a ‘Promise’ that is still firmly on the music charts.

It is currently the hottest song among Testa’s songs. Even gamers were used to hearing it once every two times when they went out.

So I made a pretty convincing guess.

‘Ah so are we going to just have people sing along like a festival?’

Unfortunately it wasn’t the case this time either.

Instead what was there at the beginning returned to the concert hall along with Jeonju.

Just lighting.

Ugh~

Waving blue lights cover the concert hall. And this time instead of dry ice soap bubbles are poured towards the audience.

“uh…?”

The stage that concludes everything.

The performance venue changes back to the sea.

However this time the boy did not sink.

[Umm]

Turning back Cha Yu-jin shrugs her shoulders and looks up to the ceiling or the sea.

And right around there the stage floor opens and six figures emerge.

Testa.

[Take your STAR]

They were rising toward the surface.

“…!”

As soon as the first verse started Testa started laughing and pounding the water.

[The day the stars pour down]

The performance shown in the pouring rain unfolded as loudly and splendidly as a concert just as it was originally intended.

The anxiety caused by the heavy rain completely disappeared in the leisure and joy that came from countless practices.

Beautiful and cheerful choreography pours out like cool vocals in a pool with water flowing down and the water level has dropped to the ankles.

[Kick the waves and run

[Run and Fly to the Sky]

As the number of people increased the water movement became more spectacular.

“and.”

The intimacy provided by ‘the original song’ was met with power and was replaced by immersion.

The melody passes by in an instant.

If you are completely immersed in the performance using water spray and wave your light stick…

[Mood twinkling like stars

Come with me I promise

[Make you fly]

We arrive at the bridge in the second half of the song.

The members’ choreography becomes static and the lights facing the water turn off. Just when I thought it was getting a little too dark.

Pot!

In an instant the inside of the concert hall itself began to sparkle.

“omg.”

And the gamer was embarrassed to see his lightstick shining white at full power.

Not all the light sticks in the concert hall but countless small lights on the ceiling above the stage shone creating a cluster of stars.

[To the last island beyond the horizon

Today will shine]

It was beautiful.

The boy who had stagnated and sank into the consciousness of the past returns to the world where the stars of reality twinkle with enlightenment.

And the members leave the stage which is now almost completely empty of water and begin to run into the stars.

[Umm Umm Umm~]

ending.

The members who escaped from the water came to the front of the protruding stage and performed the final highlight dance.

The lights were no longer blue and the concert hall with its bright golden light and fluttering pollen was like a sandy beach in midsummer.

A true climax and finale. A clean and enjoyable final story with nothing to worry about.

[thank you!]

That’s how Testa’s story ended as an idol.

“…”

The gamer watched the whole scene with a somewhat dazed mind.

It was because of the cool emotion.

After a while the Testa members came out one by one and bowed as if it were a curtain call.

The music played is their first fan song ‘The Magic Is You’.

[I feel good today as if

[I think something good will happen]

Go to the stage when your part starts

They came out and walked around the concert hall with head microphones providing fan service.

“Mundaeyaak!”

“Ahh here!”

It was a time for fans who felt sorry for the distance and the second fan song and picnic took quite a long time with everyone singing along.

However instead of being bored the gamer sat like other fans for quite a long time after the curtain call ended.

‘…’

And after everything was over I belatedly opened my smartphone.

[PM 10\:31]

The performance started at 6\:30 pm. Four hours disappeared in an instant.

“crazy.”

She hit her head.

On the way back.

The two friends laughed inwardly at their gamer friend who seemed impressed.

“how is it? “Did you pay for the ticket?”

It was a question with obvious intentions but the gamer agreed.

“Oh it’s fun… time goes by so quickly.”

This kind of cultural life was worth spending money on. My fondness for the idol was growing in my heart.

In the end she muttered something like an exclamation.

“Hey… you did really well.”

“…!”

The two friends exchanged glances for a moment. Seeing that he is good at it if it is vocals or fan service there is a high possibility that it is Park Moon-dae!

“who?”

“Who do you like best??”

In a tense moment the gamer opened his mouth with a serious face.

“I… I liked everything.”

“…??”

“Performing as a group like that is the best. Totally… this.”

That’s right.

She recently ended her viewing ceremony with the all-fan mentality that she is more precious than wild ginseng.

And similar confessions were being posted on the Internet but those who performed were rejoicing on a more primal level.

* * *

11 o’clock at night.

Due to feedback issues we haven’t left work yet and are working overtime in the practice room. But the atmosphere is okay.

The concert went well.

“Great success~”

“Ah the best the best!!”

“It’s fun!”

Even after performing the crazy set list everyone still has the energy to keep the smiles on their faces.

‘It was worth the money.’

Originally the pleasure of succeeding in a new challenge was unique. This is especially true if it is a large-scale event such as a concert.

I evaluated it neatly.

“I liked your idea.”

“…! Hey what are you talking about! “I just added a spoonful to the already-complete set list~ You also included a lot of Moondae ideas!”

My mouth is tearing up but I pretend not to.

Anyway W Live is going to be as long as the after-party on the last day so today all we have to do is celebrate success and check.

However I have a few more things to say.

“Well Eugene looks a little dangerous here.”

“I looked great!”

“Yeah that’s cool but let’s land a little safer.”

I passed the guys giving feedback and found someone to talk to.

“Raebin Kim.”

“yep!”

Kim Rae-bin was talking with Sun Ah-hyun about the unit stage. After saying a few words to Seon Ah-hyeon I sat down comfortably in front of her.

And then we got straight to the point.

“How was it?”

“yes?”

“What was it like performing on stage?”

“…”

Raebin Kim looked a little nervous but answered without hesitation.

“I was very concerned about whether I could properly interpret someone else’s production results and express the production intention well enough to not be embarrassed as a professional…”

After a long introduction the correct answer appears.

“…I think I handled it pretty well this time.”

yes.

“Of course I am aware that I have jumped on the bandwagon because Ahyeon who performed with me showed such outstanding ability but still…”

Raebin Kim’s eyes lit up.

“I could do it…!”

It was a solid answer. I smiled and asked again.

“Can you do this in the future?”

“yes!!”

good.

After hearing that firm answer I brought up his status window without hesitation.

And then I confirmed what I had been waiting for.

[!Status abnormality\: Jumping and turning (disabled)]

His status ailment had completely returned to its disabled state.

‘okay.’

Of course it hasn’t disappeared completely so perhaps the ‘my producing is ruined’ situation may reoccur one day.

But don’t worry. Now this guy will be able to get out of his slump on his own.

Because I escaped once.

And… the option that it would be okay to quit producing must have been well established in your mind.

That was enough.

“You had a hard time.”

“No… I was truly grateful! “I will work harder in the future.”

Raebin Kim bowed his head. Seon Ah-hyeon who was next to her clapped with a red face.

It was a good ending.

With this you’re done worrying about the next album’s sound source.

‘Well then what’s left?’

Leaning my back against the wall of the practice room I prepared for the opportunity to say the last thing I had been thinking about for a few days.

“I have a suggestion.”

“huh?”

On my way home from work just before midnight I raised my hand in the car.

“I’m talking about that arrangement account.”

“Oh that.”

First of all I made an official contact with the game theme song that was put on hold because the concert was urgent.

I said calmly.

“If it’s something you just want to try I think it’s okay to accept the offer.”

“…!”

“How…?”

To put it simply this is it.

“You can donate the proceeds.”

“…??”

Just give up the money.

“When signing a contract the profits are diverted to the welfare foundation.”

Anyway there is no one here who would regret that money.

It would be a waste to just change the account and I want to avoid unnecessary attention if possible.

So just say OK once and continue using that account.

“If you donate anonymously there is no problem with tax evasion so there will be no problem even if you are caught later. “The title can be handled by the business owner.”

“aha…”

The person in charge wouldn’t go so far as to illegally track a novice businessman and find out detailed information about him.

“okay! There is no disagreement about profitability because I am not greedy either.”

Raebin Kim answered brightly.

I don’t think he knows anything but the person with the most stake is acting like this so even if there is someone who wasted money he has no choice but to keep his mouth shut.

Well it doesn’t matter since no one seemed to want to talk about money in the first place.

However Bae Se-jin asked with a confused face.

“Can’t we just sign for free?”

No.

“That’s… if they get caught they’ll say I’m just dealing with intellectual property rights because I’m overflowing with rotten money.”

“…”

“It seems that beyond the attitude controversy there will also be talk of a negative impact on the industry.”

Public opinion is a tough opponent for idols.

all. You have to take everything into consideration.

I asked as I passed by Bae Se-jin’s face who seemed to be both disillusioned and wise at the same time.

“So if you’re going to do it I wonder how it would be to handle anonymous donations like this… I’m curious what you think.”

Soon the cool positivity returned. I thought so.

“I like it~”

“me too!”

Even Liu Chengwu smiled and opened his mouth.

“Yeah it looks okay.”

It was unanimous.

I rubbed the back of my neck.

With this I will be able to continue operating my composition camp account without any problems.

“yes. “Then let’s do that.”

Testa’s arrangement account where Raebin Kim’s stake is infinitely high…

“You can make a career out of even a strange song!”

…Yes ‘Star’s Song’ is a reply to T1 Plays.

“…”

For your information I was against that account name.

I was wondering why they bothered to link it to Testa… but I just want to say that I gave in to the majority.

‘Because not all the plans I make work.’

The funny thing is that this time my plan didn’t go completely as planned.

A few days after signing an official contract with T1 Plays articles like this started appearing as popular posts on the Internet.

[Wetuber who arranges Flex properly]

[Result of Three Tributes.jpg]

[What is this guy doing?]

“…?”

There was no need to trace the cause.

It’s just… the person in charge left a public comment on the arrangement video.

-Thank you for the formal contract! As per ‘Star Song”s wishes the entire contract deposit will be donated to the Hanesori Children’s Foundation. (Laughing emoticon)

-Out of kindness we decided to donate the same amount ourselves!

Thanks to you this happened.

-Donate the entire amount to the Children’s Welfare Foundation.

-Is this a true story?

-God’s God song! God’s God song!

-Look at it this is Flex.

…

“Should I ignore it?”

“yes.”

We stopped all feedback after sending a complaint email to the person in charge.

As the popularity of even the alt-characters suddenly increased the weather became colder and they began to run towards the announced date.

It was soon the end of the year.
