---
title: "Chapter 312"
category: "book"
index: 311
section: "Chapter 312"
slug: "312"
---

# Chapter 312

The two-day concert ended successfully.

-Please encore

-No what if I make something like this and finish it in two days you crazy people? (I mean this in a good way not true)

-Be sure to buy it when it comes out on VOD. This is a recommendation for public interest.

The overwhelming majority of fans who came as audience members responded favorably. First of all it was fun and fresh.

A concert in the form of a play embodying a narrative. Since I’m good at performing on stage I probably ate half of it.’

A status window pops up but there is no need to remove it. The performance was great.

Of course there were some people who were disappointed in terms of intimacy and communication but after the W Live after-party as planned the number decreased significantly.

[Congratulations on the opening of Testa Karaoke]

They didn’t just recite the behind-the-scenes moments from the concert they also selected songs in a karaoke format.

It put a bit of strain on my neck… but it was worth it.

‘good’

I threw all the pear juice I was drinking down my throat.

A cold wind was blowing outside. Looks like the guys who left are having a hard time.

-Are you really not going to Mundaemun University?

The guy who asked until the end ended up going out to enjoy just one day of holiday. It was worth it.

Now is the time to set the stage for the end of the year in early November.

What this means is that you shouldn’t expect a day off this year after today.

‘No it won’t be until February.’

It will end with an awards ceremony and tour combo.

There is no special contact from the working staff today. They’re going to be really busy there too.

They said that because the format of this concert is special it would be difficult to fit it exactly at the concert halls where we usually tour.

So they will be working hard to revise the plan by mixing the general concert structure to suit the specifications of various performance halls.

‘It’s a busy season.’

Today will be my last free day so I might as well clear my head and rest…

Drurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

The smartphone rings.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: (Image)]

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: How are you?]

“…”

Are we going to exchange greetings? I’ve never had a good time with this guy contacting me while I was resting so it’s best to just ignore it.

But when I saw the attached image my mind changed.

I thought it was a dog again but it wasn’t it was a screenshot from an internet article.

[“A magic boy who defeats villains with song!” Testa appeared in 〈T-Holic’s Show Business〉]

It was a provocation.

I replied to the guy.

[Yes senior. I am working hard. So many people enjoyed the photos I sent so I’m thinking of accepting them now.]

It’s a good thing because the reaction is good but what does it matter if you’re a magical girl or a boy?

It’s not a mental victory but in fact stories about that entertainment show still appear on the internet.

In name and reality he is the hottest rising male idol in Korea this year.

‘I ran without a single misstep in the second half of this year.’

Sexual awareness and topicality are not lacking anywhere. If it is an awards ceremony that is close to T1 it is almost certain that we will receive a grand prize.

‘Is this guy doing this because he’s angry?’

But the reply came without delay.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I see. I was just trying to say that it suits you well^^]

This bastard is completely trying to kill people…

‘Eunwon liquidated everything with the cooperation of Gold 2?’

If this is going to be the case it would be better to just get a picture of the dog. I briefly considered whether to just turn off my smartphone.

But at that moment without even replying a phone call came out of nowhere.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

“…?”

What should I do?

I thought there might be some information among the bullshit so I took it anyway.

“What business do you have?”

Then a calm voice was heard.

-Um… I was wondering if you had anything to say to me.

“yes?”

What kind of bullshit is this?

Then there was silence on the other end of the phone for a moment and then a slightly regretful voice was heard.

-Not yet.

“yet?”

-I’m talking to myself. I just called because I was wondering how you were doing.

I don’t think so.

“As I said I’m doing well.”

I’m sure ‘not yet’ doesn’t mean that some kind of trick has been pulled and it hasn’t exploded yet.

I asked outright.

“Did you prepare anything separately?”

-hmm?

“I heard you said ‘not yet.’”

Then the sound of hearty laughter comes over the phone.

-Oh it’s really nothing else. I was wondering if you my junior have not entered the country yet. Testa had a brief overseas schedule last week.

‘But that seems like an excuse.’

Since there was no sign that he was being manipulative I decided to let it go for now.

-We entered the country.

Is that so?

“If you have time while you’re in the country let’s go see T-holic’s entertainment show. “I recommend it.”

I was curious about what to do with those boring kids. But the guy answered harshly.

-Ah… seniors.

If it wasn’t for the phone call I wouldn’t have even called you senior.

-Your survivability is truly amazing. No matter what happens you have good resilience… I’ve often admired you.

The story is that I tried everything to kill him but he managed to survive.

I summarized briefly.

“Senior you are like that too.”

-Um really? Have you found yourself in that position before you know it?

I don’t know why but it makes me angry because he seems to be having fun.

-Anyway I don’t really plan on going there but thank you for the recommendation.

“you’re welcome.”

You look so calm.

‘…Even if you miss one target item your position is strong.’

Well that’s a good thing. Because it means that the probability of this bastard hitting me in the back again has decreased.

Cheongryeo ended the call with a smiling voice.

-See you at the awards ceremony then.

“yes.”

And it actually happened.

The last time I saw Cheongryeo was at an awards ceremony for a major music chart that was scheduled for the last time that month.

* * *

“Ah Testa can you show me something today?”

“of course!”

“haha!”

The members who completed all preparations in the waiting room before the awards ceremony began appear half excited and half nervous.

Honestly if there was someone in this situation who didn’t expect to win awards that would be a weird person.

…But I didn’t expect that they had already brought out the champagne.

“Now shall we have a toast?”

“Yeah cheeeeers!”

The guys holding the non-alcoholic champagne included in the catering looked like test takers eating glutinous rice cakes right before the college entrance exam.

‘Well… the atmosphere is nice.’

Among those who were in such a mood Ryu Cheong-wu pointed out one with a smiling face.

“Sejin looks like she has something to say. Can you give her a toast?”

“My me?”

“huh.”

“Oh~”

Bae Se-jin’s face was red but he was not angry.

“Okay then…”

Instead he cleared his throat a few times and opened his mouth seriously again.

“This year too… you’ve worked really hard and no matter what the results are! “Let’s not doubt that we worked hard and did well!”

It was surprisingly plausible. I don’t think Liu Chengwu singled it out for nothing.

‘It looks like you secretly prepared it.’

“brother…”

“I think so too…!”

“It’s touching.”

The atmosphere couldn’t have been better.

Big Sejin also smiled without saying anything and held out his hand.

“Thank you for your continued support next year! “Ah we still have to give official slogans one more time properly~”

“…okay!”

“great!”

Then to shout a fighting slogan members put their heads together to form a circle.

A chanting formation that would only appear right before a sporting event.

It may not be much different in that there is a difference between winning and losing and rewards are given.

“Oh Moon Dae Son!”

I held out my hand. Familiar slogans come out with energy.

“Ah Testa I’ll show you something today!”

“and!!”

Adrenaline was rushing.

I finished my non-alcoholic champagne in one go and placed the empty glass on the table.

“Then let’s go out.”

That’s how the first awards ceremony began.

The first part of the Grape Music Awards passed without any special events.

Rookie stage with good grades disappointing performance but meaningful stage rookie stage from a large agency…

It doesn’t mean much. The only thing that happened was that the group with Gold 2 showed up briefly.

Of course there could be controversy over my attitude so I took the position of watching the stage intently.

After the long first part is over and the second part comes the words I’ve been waiting for come out.

After stages and stages have passed again.

When the fame of the person presenting the award changes and the effect before the presentation and the time leading to the introduction change.

[The next award is given to the artist who has shown activities that comfort and move the most people this year.]

okay.

[This is the Artist Award!]

It was the first target item. And this is the prize we are aiming for.

The camera visits the target candidates and captures them.

The camera arrived right in front of our block and grabbed this table without hesitation.

“oh…”

“fizzle!”

Big Se-jin controlled Cha Yu-jin. Correctly.

That’s how time passes.

[The winner of the Artist of the Year Award is…]

drum.

Singers laughing awkwardly.

A shaking light stick.

And finally the words are spit out.

[…Testa!]

The camera lights up.

[congratulations!]

Wow!!

The sound of pollen exploding the sound of cheering the sound of music.

And familiar faces on the electronic display board. The facial expressions that go from bewilderment to joy are exactly the same.

The funny thing is I’m no different.

“ah.”

I was expecting to receive it.

Isn’t it true that they moved this award order to the front for no reason? Because we have to subtract in order of seniority and give the ending to the senior.

But… yeah I’ll be honest.

It feels like someone has hit a gong in my head. Goosebumps rose all the way to my skull.

‘Target.’

Are you really going to ride this this year?

Big Sejin stumbled and got up from his seat. I also got up from my chair.

I think people around me are clapping but I’m not sure. I went up to the podium with Cha Yu-jin who was tapping me on the shoulder.

Shoulders collide with Sun Ah-hyun.

We stood on stage. Bouquets and trophies are handed over to each other.

“thank you.”

Liu Chengwu seemed to get choked up for a moment so he removed the microphone from his mouth and then spoke calmly again.

“We… are really happy and honored to receive this well-deserved award. “The members have worked hard not only this year but every day since their debut.”

Ryu Cheong-woo took care of everyone from fans to staff and parents. I heard them practicing from the dorm but I listened without paying attention.

He was the one who deserved it.

And it felt like it.

“…Thank you again.”

But as I finished speaking someone stabbed me in the back.

The first time I thought I stabbed it wrong but the second time it definitely wasn’t the case.

“…?”

What is it?

‘Mundae!’

It was a big strike.

He pushes me. Other guys made room and then blatantly left the middle empty.

‘what.’

So I ended up being pushed to the center. People around me tap me on the shoulder. The pollen that was there stuck to my nose and fell off.

There is a microphone in front of it.

‘…what a mess.’

Of course I wouldn’t put it off for the last speech so I smiled and held the microphone in front of the audience.

…I’m a little excited.

‘Now that I’ve caught it I guess I’ll have to say something.’

It was that moment.

[Mission clear!]

“…!”

A hologram appeared.

After clearing the status abnormality it stopped popping up when I didn’t call it.

And I understood the situation a beat late.

‘ah.’

I see.

It seems that public opinion was as important as I expected.

This is because… Testa is a prestigious object in the public perception that it is an object.

‘Still it was cleared at the first awards ceremony.’

It was a development I liked. I was willing to accept this situation.

But the hologram wasn’t over. It extracts unsolicited text.

[Settlement of compensation…]

“…!”

now?

The order is strange.

‘I have to accept the reward to get it… fuck you!’

I realized that I had been mistaken about something.

This was not a ‘status abnormality’ given by the system.

So… this means that there was no guarantee that what was possible when clearing the status abnormality would happen.

The same goes for compensation confirmation.

‘Unless I press the button to receive compensation.’

Cold sweat drips down to my neck.

The hologram in front of me crackles and changes shape.

[Reward complete!]

Reward\: Conversation with Park Moon-dae

complete?

At that moment my vision became blurry.

-Park Moon-dae!

Just like when I debuted &lt;Azusa&gt; when I cleared the first status abnormality.

And it was a dark battle.

* * *

When I think about it again it was a really strange thing.

I who had never participated in a talent show before now have a job dancing and singing in front of others.

‘Originally I… ’

Why did you take pictures of idols?

You can say it’s because they made money but then why did they film people who can’t make money?

The joy I got from it…

Was it vicarious satisfaction?

“Huh.”

I opened my eyes.

Inside a dark room.

I saw a familiar ceiling. But it’s been so long that it doesn’t feel familiar or welcoming… that thing. This is the ceiling of my old living room.

“…!!”

I got up. And he groped his face. A glass bead is caught.

Without having to run to the bathroom to look in the mirror I wear my hair my hands and my glasses…

My original body.

Ryu Geon-woo not Park Moon-dae.

“…!”

I clenched my fists. And he bowed his head.

‘Calm down.’

And this situation.

‘this.’

This… I already had a similar experience once.

‘daydream.’

Is this a similar situation to the coma? Even now maybe it’s a dream…

It was then.

[Over there!]

“…!”

what.

I hear it in my head… or rather I don’t know if it’s right to say I hear it a strange resonance.

[Um… bro why are you here…]

I spat out the words.

“Who are you?”

[yes yes?]

A sound like crying.

Next a small resonance rang out.

[Bar Park Mun-dae.]

“…”

What the fuck is this?
