---
title: "Chapter 313"
category: "book"
index: 312
section: "Chapter 313"
slug: "313"
---

# Chapter 313

An unexpected situation where I jump out of ‘Park Moon-dae’s’ body and return to my original body?

Of course I had considered it and expected it. Because in the beginning I was trying to find a way to go back.

The problem is… I’ve never thought about going back with its original owner.

[…]

“…”

[I]

“Be quiet. “Because I’m thinking about it.”

[yes…]

I pressed my forehead with both hands listening to a voice that sounded like a cry.

My head was pounding.

‘Fuck you.’

I don’t know what the heck is… No let’s start by gathering information.

“You… you’re Park Moon-dae.”

[yes yes…!]

There was no clear color in the voice but I could understand the tone of speech to some extent.

This means that he seems to be a little timid.

‘Damn it.’

Is this really the ‘Conversation with Park Moon-dae’ reward received for clearing the mission?

There is a level of absurdity. It’s such a sudden reward and you see someone so random on the podium… Wait a minute.

“…!”

I was… right before the grand prize speech. At the music awards ceremony being broadcast live.

In an instant my blood cooled.

[Geonwoo hyung…?]

I ignored what he said and got up immediately. And started searching around.

[What are you doing?]

“cell phone.”

I rolled up the blanket and asked in a low voice.

“Where is your phone?”

[I don’t know… I don’t know why I’m here…!]

I wandered around the room and finally found a small TV on the dining table/desk next to the sink.

‘TV?’

I’ve never bought anything like this before… I just turned it on.

I quickly flipped the screen to the news channel. I wonder if there was some kind of breaking news. And… I saw it.

Today’s date appears in small print at the bottom of the news channel.

“…!”

[December 15 202X]

It was 4 years ago.

Today when I lived it was not the awards ceremony day at the end of November when Testa received its first grand prize of the year.

…December 15th. Park Moon-dae’s birthday.

That was the day I entered Park Moon-dae’s body who had collapsed in a motel after taking a sleep-inducing drug.

The day it all happened.

“…under.”

I stepped back and tripped over a chair and stumbled.

[are you okay??]

You came back again?

‘no.’

That can’t be possible.

So this… everything is very similar to when I was in a coma but even then…

okay. I understand for sure.

“Is it a dream again?”

[yes? brother!]

I sat down on the chair. And he clasped his hands together. The tremors subsided.

“okay. “Let’s talk.”

Since this is a fucking reward it must have some meaning.

I opened my mouth without hesitation.

“Park Moon-dae. “You said you didn’t know why you were here.”

[yes?… yes.]

Whether that’s a lie or not it means that I’m not in a state where I can easily get an explanation as to why I entered his body. If so go back and hit the ground running.

“Then what were you doing right before this mess started?”

[I am…]

The sound of the voice wavered slightly uneasily. I waited patiently for an answer.

[…I went to visit my brother in the hospital.]

“brother?”

This is the first time that Park Moon-dae has an older brother.

But a completely unexpected answer came back.

[Geonwoo hyung… Brother.]

“…!”

Me.

Visiting my hospital? This is something else… no it’s something I’ve been feeling since before.

‘This guy knows me.’

From the beginning without hesitation I called him ‘Geonwoo hyung’. It means that you are confident that you are friendly with me.

I felt like I had a clue. I continued asking questions.

“when.”

[that is…! That’s strange to me too. I was clearly living in 202X but the year in the broadcast earlier was strange…]

I have to admit this. Apparently this guy… is Park Mun-dae in the situation I saw in the last ‘truth’ confirmation.

The future Parkmun University that I don’t remember that I had a meal with and kept in touch with.

The small trembling resonance rings again.

[Could it be that you… don’t know me?]

“I’m not sure.”

[yes??]

It means I don’t even know you.

“First tell me the last situation you remember. “I… I feel like my memories are all mixed up right now.”

[Then…]

Park Moon-dae hesitated but soon began to gently share his memories.

[My brother… was hospitalized so I went to see him because I was worried. But after that when I came to my senses it was like this…]

“Why were you hospitalized?”

[…Oh you’re overworked.]

I nodded.

“Don’t lie.”

[…!]

It makes no sense to say that I was hospitalized due to overwork. And when this guy lies his tone of voice changes.

“There must have been other reasons than overwork.”

And there was an answer passing through my mind.

“…You said you made an extreme choice.”

[…yes. Brother Tongue… he was very heartbroken and exhausted… I think you remember that.]

also.

In the final confirmation of the truth he tried to die but it seems he didn’t actually die and was taken to the hospital at the right time.

Still the bad luck seemed to be okay. Although the situation was absurd I nodded my head first.

“So roughly what did we talk about when we visited the hospital?”

[I couldn’t talk. My brother hasn’t woken up yet…]

“…”

He was in a coma.

I inquired further but they said that nothing special was done during the visit. Looking at the nuance it’s not a lie.

So is there one more thing to find out?

“What were you thinking?”

[yes?]

As a result of the last cross-validation we hypothesized that those who returned to the past seemed to have chosen the time to return based on their last thoughts and desires.

If so it is necessary to check the last memory of this ‘Park Moon-dae’. I have never wanted to enter Park Moon-dae’s body.

“I wonder what the last thing you thought of back then was.”

For example you might have looked at my situation and thought that if that was my future I would want to run away.

[…]

Gong Myung was even more nervous but spoke without hesitation.

[It wasn’t a big deal. I just thought it would be good for my brother to live a long healthy life…]

“…!”

It was an answer I didn’t expect.

I was a little shocked and kept my mouth shut. Because I felt a bit… petty.

‘Damn it.’

And only after a while did he say what he wanted to say.

“First of all… I’m sorry.”

[…yes??]

“I’m sorry for suddenly speaking as if I was interrogating you. “You would be surprised too.”

No I’m glad I didn’t panic because my body suddenly disappeared and only my voice remained.

It was just a dream it was a foolish thing to suddenly scold this guy. I had to deal with it more rationally.

“Anyway when I came to visit thank you for thinking that way.”

[ah…]

The resonance is mixed with a bit of embarrassment and embarrassment.

[no! You kept helping me but I didn’t get anything in return…]

What about repayment?

I expected it but it seems like I haven’t had much experience receiving help from people around me. I don’t know how many times I hear that phrase over a bowl of soup.

Thank you but let’s move on to something more productive.

“That’s okay but more than that what exactly are you in right now?”

[iced coffee! Even though I can’t move my body… I can feel it when my brother moves…?]

“okay.”

Then we share the same body but I have control.

Anyway the ‘conversation with Park Moon-dae’ is taking place. Although it is a bizarre method of making people talk in the same body.

‘Why do you have to do this?’

If we’re going to create a dream like this anyway wouldn’t it be okay to just have a conversation with each person?

Maybe… in the reality I lived in there was already no ‘real Park Moon-dae self’ so it was embodied in this way.

“hmm.”

It is not a very pleasant hypothesis and there is no conclusion. I need to check how this dream is structured.

I got up and started searching my phone again. It was then.

[Are you looking for that guy’s phone?]

“okay.”

[That… I wonder if it’s in my back pocket.]

Gong Myung added in an uncertain tone.

[Right now I feel like I have something in my back pocket…]

ah.

I immediately put my hand into my jeans pocket. And then I found a familiar square.

All sighs come out.

“thanks.”

I’m so crazy I couldn’t consider this. I clicked my tongue and opened my phone.

Then a pop-up appears.

[Network registration failed.]

“…?”

This is a pop-up that only appears on the air system. No phone number…

…no way.

With a strange intuition I immediately turned my head and looked around.

I lived with the options at the time and didn’t notice much until now but there was a definite sense of discomfort.

And I found the cause.

[brother?]

It was a family photo on top of the system window.

It’s a photo of four strangers. I will never photograph purchase or place anything.

Traces of others.

“…”

Suddenly a thought crosses my mind.

When I first entered the body of ‘Park Moon-dae’ I checked Ryu Geon-woo’s active account phone number site ID etc.

Everything had disappeared.

At first I thought it was a parallel world but after verifying that ‘all accounts and records that had been discarded in the past remained’ I concluded that it was a supernatural evaporation.

-‘Ryu Geon-woo’ disappeared from all places including the Internet and the real world starting from the moment I entered the body of ‘Park Moon-dae’.

And now… what if I suddenly ‘came into’ the situation 4 years ago?

Without any connection to reality.

I inadvertently hit my face to check.

[brother!]

“…”

It hurts.

‘What the fuck.’

I got up right away. And I looked around more closely.

And came to a conclusion.

‘It’s not where I used to live.’

And judging by the pain it wasn’t even a dream. This is fucking reality.

Then realistically the first action you should take is…

“Let’s go out.”

[Are you leaving??]

okay. If your monthly rent contract has been reset you are now in someone else’s house!

I hurried out of my room which had become someone else’s room.

Well nothing special was touched so you won’t notice that there was a trespasser.

The problem is next.

‘What I have now… ’

A flip phone not a smartphone that has become popular. And I only have about 140000 won in my wallet.

“…”

Of course there would be no bank account.

‘I want to kill him.’

I ground my teeth. And called.

“Status window.”

Something was hot.

[Receiving reward]

“…”

Let’s calm down.

It can be taken in a positive sense. Once compensation is received it will be restored to its original state.

I quickly pressed down on my situation right before my acceptance speech. Even thinking about it now won’t help.

“after.”

Park Moon-dae’s Gong-myeong who roughly grasps the situation lowers his voice and hums.

[Hey bro… are you okay? What kind of situation is this?…]

“are you okay.”

Actually no. But no matter how much I tried nothing would change so I just shut up and sat down.

The most urgent thing right now.

‘I don’t have a home.’

No there is no foundation not just a house. All communication networks with society have been reset.

I don’t know how long this shitty situation will last but I can’t afford not to have at least one phone activated right now.

…Then there is only one thing to do.

After coming to a conclusion I started walking again.

[Hey… where are we going now?]

“convenience store.”

I added casually.

“I’m going to buy a lottery ticket.”

[Lottery…? I feel like I’m back in the past but I don’t know the lottery numbers…]

There’s some misunderstanding.

“I know the number.”

[…]

I opened the phone again.

Even though it was an air system that couldn’t make calls or anything I was able to check one day of the week.

-friday

And tomorrow Saturday is the day the lottery winners are announced.

Think about it.

As soon as I entered Park Moon-dae’s body I thought about the fact that I didn’t know any stocks or lottery numbers. Do you really think I could have passed by without seeing the numbers announced the next day?

Even if it’s a shame I’ll see it at least once.

And such an impressive experience is bound to remain in one’s mind.

‘I still remember it.’

As soon as I entered the convenience store I bought about twenty lottery tickets including one or two confusing numbers.

“One of these is absolutely correct.”

The resonance sounded like swallowing saliva.

[Hyung… you’re really smart.]

It was not a head problem but a situation problem. To understand that I think I first need to explain what I went through inside my own body.

‘Right now… this guy seems too tired.’

Anxiety began to mix with the resonance a while ago. I’m starting to feel scared that this situation is starting to feel real.

‘For now give me time to rest.’

I then found a reasonably priced accommodation. I just need to hold out until Monday morning so the cash is pretty good.

‘Let’s rest first and talk after our heads cool down.’

As soon as I wake up I have to tell this guy what I experienced and explain the exact situation.

I said as I lay down on the bed.

“If you still can’t sleep after I fall asleep wake me up.”

[yes? no! It’s okay…]

“Wake up.”

I checked the status window which still only showed ‘receiving rewards’ and then fell asleep for a moment.

* * *

Light pours in from outside the eyelids.

[Geonwoo hyung…?]

“Sigh.”

I took a breath and opened my eyes. I guess I fell asleep deeper than I thought but my head is clear.

And then I heard a voice that almost sounded like crying.

[brother! Ah I thought you were still there…!]

Why are you so happy to see me? I got up.

And I was embarrassed.

“…?”

It looks like the inside of an officetel not a motel. And green trees and sunlight flashed outside the window.

“…”

It’s definitely not December.

“what.”

But first Gong Myung speaks up.

[Oh brother! I won the lotto! I received 1.2 billion!]

That’s good. But what that means is that enough time has passed since you received it to buy the house.

I asked him exactly that.

“It seems like quite a bit of time has passed since the day I bought the lottery ticket.”

From then on the voice gets quieter.

[yes. I bought a lottery ticket at that time. I woke up the next day… my older brother was gone and I became his older brother…?]

what?

[So for now I stayed like that…]

It was bullshit that made my eyes dizzy.

‘…Let’s stay calm.’

Still it seems like he won the lottery properly and there is no money problem.

I erased one worry when I saw that the house looked much more normal than the room I used to live in.

But the most frustrating part happened next.

[And that… brother. After my brother disappeared something strange happened…]

“what?”

[Look at this…]

After a while.

[! Status abnormality\: Pass or die! (1)

If you do not receive a report card without a failure in the first written test of the ‘Grade 7 Open Competitive Recruitment Test’ you will die.

“…”

These fucking bastards are really…
