---
title: "Chapter 314"
category: "book"
index: 313
section: "Chapter 314"
slug: "314"
---

# Chapter 314

Public notice level 7.

This is the same test that I failed the third interview at the last minute while living as Ryu Geon-woo. When I think about it I immediately think of the exam life that changes several years of my life.

But why did it suddenly appear as a status abnormality in this situation?

‘Are you crazy?’

It didn’t even occur to me.

[Receiving reward]

That still pops up for me. So that strange abnormality… I think it belongs to that guy seeing as it only appears when ‘Park Moon-dae’s’ resonance is called.

‘Then you should give me the stats. Why the hell aren’t the stats showing?’

I asked holding back the curse that was about to come out of my mouth.

“…When did it appear?”

[I remembered my brother calling the status window on the day I bought the lottery ticket… I also tried calling it the next day…]

Damn it.

‘Did you see that?’

I am now asking if it was because of the atmosphere that I couldn’t say anything.

[Now that I think about it the ‘receiving compensation’ thing… is this what your brother did too??]

Oh it’s similar.

However without needing to answer Gong Myung continues to talk without stopping as if pouring out the words he had not been able to say for a while.

[I bought an officetel but was it right to buy this…? Would the monthly rent be better? And something really strange happened…]

In addition to the status abnormality that causes death if you fail to pass the civil service exam it seems that quite a few shocking things have happened to ‘Park Moon-dae’ who has been living in his own body for the past few months.

And that is the final boss.

-Re-listing! Idol Co. Ltd. ┃Mundaengdaeng’s Mungagato Moment☆

[excuse me! That’s me right??]

“…”

Some guy participated in Idol Survival with his own body.

‘Was it the same timeline?… ’

I guess this is the past of the same world I lived in as Park Moon-dae. I silently endured the highlights of Park Moon-dae on the screen.

[I tried to contact them somehow but there was no place to contact them…]

Yes I guess so. Because you also canceled your smartphone.

When I saw the chicken feet mukbang I had mixed feelings.

‘Back then… that’s how I lived.’

I opened my mouth with difficulty.

“That’s me.”

[…?? Bro I think I misunderstood…]

“No that’s what you thought.”

I held back a sigh.

“I lived in your body.”

[Uh… Uh huh??]

I feel sorry for the person who was already shocked by the status window but it was an explanation that should take precedence anyway.

I sat down on the living room sofa and slowly began to recite what had happened to me.

It wasn’t difficult. The summary was easy.

After a while Gongmyeong shouts out\:

[So… my brother became an idol with his own body!? Are you saying that if you don’t become an idol you’ll die?]

Oh that’s it.

The resonance rang like crazy.

[Oh somehow! It was too cool to be me!]

Are you serious?

You know how to say things in a euphemistic way. I also know my broadcast image at this time of year. It’s okay if I look like a jerk.

[So just as you were about to win the grand prize you suddenly opened your eyes and found yourself here??]

“okay. But I guess that’s not important now.”

[yes…?]

I said darkly.

“Look at my case. “If you don’t pass the civil service exam you could die.”

[…]

I don’t know if Gongmyeong can swallow his saliva but it felt roughly the same.

[That’s right.]

It’s surprisingly calm.

[Actually… I bought the problem and studied it just in case. I’m not sure…]

Isn’t that because I gave up?

‘I need to design this first as soon as possible… ’

I thought for a moment and then opened my mouth.

“Listen carefully. First look again at the text that appeared on the hologram earlier.”

The name of the status abnormality is ‘If you don’t pass you will die!’ However if you look closely at the explanation you can see an escape route.

-If you do not receive a score with no failures in the first written test of the ‘Grade 7 Open Competitive Recruitment Test’ you will die.

Exactly this part.

“The standard is not passing but failing.”

[…Ugh!]

“You just need to score over 40 points per subject on your report card.”

And seeing as they added ‘(1)’ after the status ailment this probably won’t be the end of the status ailment. Passing the first round will probably result in the following status conditions.

For now it adds persuasiveness to the logic that ‘all you have to do is avoid failure’…but in the long run it is a marathon of death.

“What month is it?”

“It’s April…”

The first exam was in July. There’s only 3 months left.

‘Why is this… ’

Are you saying this is such a mess that someone made it a point to not pass the civil service exam? I ground my teeth.

‘It would be easier if I could see it.’

For the 7th grade PSAT I think I can get up to the passing line with just one or two months of rehabilitation.

The problem is that I seem to have passed the exam after a few months but if it continues like this from now on the exam will be as good as gone.

And if it is certain that this condition is attributed to ‘Park Moon-dae’ then Park Moon-dae…

“…”

That won’t work. I sentenced.

“It would be better to go to a boarding school.”

[yes??]

It varies depending on the facilities and instructors but for roughly 200 per month there are high-end boarding schools that will let you study without worrying about anything else.

What would happen if I put all the remaining money into futures and options related to stock prices I know and just went in and studied?

“Anyway if the following status condition appears as a condition for passing… boarding school is the most efficient option.”

Isn’t boarding school better than dying?

[all. Is there a next one??]

“I guess so.”

[Ugh…]

It depends on where the standard is.

If the memories of ‘Park Moon-dae’ are the focus… From what I’ve said it seems like I’ve returned to the past by about 6 years so there would be about seven things.

‘It’s hell.’

Even after you get the job it won’t be awkward if promotion or personnel evaluation comes next.

But to twist it a bit… What if I used the ‘conversation with Park Moon-dae’ as a reward and it was retroactively applied to the person who disappeared and came back to live in my body?

‘Then… the time when I won the grand prize is the standard.’

Still maybe about five? I held back a sigh.

Of course I’m not sure because I don’t know how it will be applied but the important thing is that it’s hard work.

There are 7 or 5 status abnormalities.

‘Fuck… ’

I sat in front of the PC holding back a sigh. Then I opened the page and searched for civil service exam lectures.

[202X Civil Servant D-100 Completed in Shortest Time All-in-One Package OPEN!]

“First let’s cut off the Ingang first…”

No wait.

When I see the advertising banner in front of me something flashes.

okay.

‘I must have solved this year’s past questions…!’

It was the latest exam from the period when I was most focused on public examinations. I definitely remember going into the lecture and organizing it.

“…”

I grabbed the mouse again.

And Gongmyeong began to hum as if he were confessing.

[Hyung I… I haven’t studied much since I graduated from high school…]

“No it’s okay.”

[yes??]

I loaded up the PDF file of the workbook this guy had downloaded from my desktop.

And after taking a look I laughed.

I remembered.

“I will take pictures of what will come out so just study it.”

[…!!]

I think I can go to boarding school next year. This year I will take pictures of all the types so you will avoid mistakes.

…Of course this is assuming that this guy has basic reading skills.

‘If it doesn’t exist it’s over.’

For your information surprising results were waiting.

* * *

[So number 3…?]

“…”

I nodded.

“Correct answer.”

[Hey!!]

After giving it a spin I found that this guy’s head was fine.

No it’s not just okay… the basic understanding itself is good. I feel like if I had continued to go to high school I would have done well on the CSAT.

‘I think my memorization skills are a bit lacking but it doesn’t matter because PSAT is not a memorization test anyway.’

Since it also includes past exam questions from my memory it means that I will pass the first test with ease.

I slammed down the workbook I had finished checking. I looked for all similar types and checked them.

“If it stays like this for 3 months it will be okay.”

[Really?]

“okay.”

If you cling to it until you die you will avoid mistakes.

[…]

The resonance seemed to hesitate but soon it hummed with a lower more trembling wave than before.

[Actually this is an expedient method. Because I am receiving what my brother studied…]

I was surprised that he had the spirit to even consider such ethical considerations when it seemed like he would die if he didn’t get along but I kept my mouth shut.

This is because I got the feeling that he was strangely filled with emotion.

[Nevertheless I’m really glad that I can do it. thank you……]

“…It’s about helping each other.”

Because I also became an idol with your body.

When I said that the resonance jumped out as if I was a little excited.

[that! Then shall we look at that? The guy from ‘Azusa’!]

“…”

Do you really have to do that?

But since I studied for almost 10 hours it would be nice to give me something.

‘Is it fun because I’m on TV?’

Without saying anything I changed my PC screen and accessed WeTube…

-The controversy over Park Moon-dae’s past sanitary pads that is causing a stir right now?

For a moment it almost ripped the sofa but it soon sank.

What I saw was a recommendation for the latest video. The incident where Azusa tried to voluntarily leave the company.

‘That was today.’

Now that I think about it the date turned out to be exactly right. I was drooling.

In any case it was a problem that would be resolved by the parties involved coming out at dawn. There is no need to feel any different now.

But this guy is the problem.

[That… I…]

“I know it’s not. “It’s all sorted out so you don’t have to worry.”

‘Park Moon-dae’ is said to be in a very shocking situation.

It would be upsetting to suddenly have one’s personal history exposed to the public. It could be scary.

“…sorry. “I guess this is what happened because I went to survival without your consent.”

He said he was trying to avoid sudden death but that may not be his business. But Gongmyeong was shocked.

[Oh no! I too… have been receiving this much help since coming into my brother’s body…]

Gong Myung trembled uneasily.

[But… what should I do if my brother can’t debut because of me…]

“I said I would do it.”

What do you mean I already did it?

But this guy didn’t answer for a while wondering what he was thinking.

And only when I started preparing the meal did it suddenly start buzzing again.

[I… I think I can contact you!]

what.

[I didn’t remember the number… but I have his email address!]

“…!”

[I sent an email a few times for the group meeting… I’m sure it will remain.]

I see.

The two seemed to have a very good relationship so it was likely that some trace would remain.

But is it necessary?

Anyway they will notice this early in the morning and post an explanation. It’s better not to do anything suspicious…

‘for a moment.’

…no way.

I hastily recalled the past.

-I didn’t do anything but things suddenly got this much better?

It was strange even back then. I thought there was no way everything would magically resolve itself so quickly.

And if now is the same timeline as then…

“…”

I eventually nodded.

“Where are you writing your emails?”

[…! It’s a favorite over there…!]

I followed his instructions and left a fairly long email to my friend.

It was a sincere request filled with concern apology and regret.

I could have edited it more effectively but I didn’t bother to touch it. I just made sure there were no inappropriate comments.

And as I read the content again I intuitively realized that this friend had written an explanation after reading this email.

‘The vocabulary overlaps.’

Because I could see that my word choice was affected.

Finally thanks to this email an explanation was posted.

[I want to send it like this…]

“…okay.”

As I clicked send the email I was overcome with a strange feeling.

My thoughts at the time were correct. Things don’t suddenly get better.

It’s just that someone specifically worked on it.

So favor was favor.

That night as I lay in an unfamiliar bed I admitted it.

“thanks. “For sending me the email.”

[no. It’s natural…]

Even after saying thank you the resonance sounded rather depressing.

[I’m sorry… for getting you caught up in something strange.]

“Are you the only one who has to take level 7 in 3 months?”

[Ugh.]

okay. Just worry about yourself. I smiled bitterly and threw the smartphone.

[That brother. If you fall asleep…]

“So I’m trying not to sleep either.”

[Ah… yes!]

The resonance became a bit lighter. I guess he was scared that I might not wake up for another few months.

“Looking at the pattern it seems like it will definitely come back so don’t worry if it disappears and prepare well for the exam.”

[…yes.]

I looked at my watch and made meaningless small talk with him.

The clock moved steadily.

-11\:55 p.m.

And the moment the minute hand points to 12 o’clock…

I fell asleep naturally.

* * *

When I opened my eyes again it was morning again.

‘If a day goes by do I always fall asleep?’

I can’t survive without sleep. I clicked my tongue inwardly.

Then I heard a scream similar to last morning.

[Ugh! brother! Is your brother here??]

“okay.”

Judging by the fact that her clothes are sleeveless it seems like a long time has passed. I sighed and got up.

And all kinds of resonance poured out.

[I took the test! I didn’t pass… but there were no failures!]

I thought it was because I saw that we could talk without having to say anything.

“okay. “Good job.”

[…! yes!]

Gong Myung seemed happy but soon calmed down.

[But another status abnormality occurred… Oh before that I had a schedule for today…]

“schedule?”

[It’s displayed on the smartphone alarm…]

For some reason the sound is getting quieter. I’m not even going to mention it directly.

‘Did you really think they would scold me for playing around without registering for boarding school yet?’

It may not be as urgent as a status condition.

I smiled and got up and picked up my smartphone. And I immediately checked the alarm name.

– Testa Festival appearance at 2\:30 p.m.

“…?”

[I… can I go there?]

I wanted to hear from the beginning what happened.
