---
title: "Chapter 315"
category: "book"
index: 314
section: "Chapter 315"
slug: "315"
---

# Chapter 315

When I opened my eyes several months had passed and I suddenly found myself going to see an old performance of mine.

And the cause of this situation was… surprisingly simple.

I straightened it out by pressing between my eyebrows.

“So… when I had time while studying I was curious and looked up my activities and at some point it became fun.”

[yes!]

You answer very clearly.

[To Magical Boy… Oh the performance in that baseball uniform was really cool too! And that solo entertainment show was really fun… I wasn’t able to watch the live broadcast because I was studying…]

I think that’s enough to keep me informed of all the news about his famous activities but I think he managed to avoid an accidental death by failing to make a mistake.

…No it’s possible that this was the only pleasure in life.

‘Did you relieve stress by watching idols?’

Then it’s okay to say something.

[And when I tentatively graded it it seemed like I definitely passed the failing mark… so I thought I might go and see it in person for a day so I made a ticket…]

“…”

The resonance became faint as if it were blurring the words.

‘I want it.’

I said while holding back a sigh.

“…Where do you do it?”

[…!]

okay. I understand.

If a person spends all day studying he or she will give up. In the long term I needed to rest for about a day.

The resonance is crazy and exciting.

[It’s not far from here! It was a Gyeonggi-do festival…]

“Wait.”

I changed my clothes.

There will be thousands of people so I wonder if anything will happen. All I have to do is endure the solemn monitoring of my stage and my own support.

[Thank you so much bro!]

I think I heard gratitude about three times while putting toothpaste on my toothbrush.

“It’s not that difficult so why not? “You should at least have fun like this.”

[yes?]

I chuckled.

“I’m going to start boarding school tomorrow.”

[…Ugh!]

I have no intention of interfering with the test taker’s last leisure time of the year.

* * *

An hour later.

I bought wireless earphones at a convenience store so I wouldn’t be suspected of being a crazy person talking to myself. If this is the case the assortment will be just right.

Of course while I was moving I was also doing what I had to do at the same time.

“Let me first tell you what happened.”

[yes!]

First I checked the status abnormality that had newly appeared on this guy.

[! Status abnormality\: Pass or die! (2)]

If you do not pass the first written test of the ‘Grade 7 Open Competitive Recruitment Test’ you will die.

okay. I knew it would happen.

The deadline is still one year. hmm.

‘I’ll have to tell you to delay clearing confirmation from next time.’

If you get pushed back you could end up in a crazy situation where the period expires before the second or third exam.

There won’t be much difference since the exam is on a yearly basis but you may benefit from the period.

But the moment I thought about it I also remembered how I was able to confirm that I had cleared my condition.

‘Check the truth.’

I don’t know if trash like ‘Check the truth ☜ Click!’ has appeared on this guy as well so I’ll have to check.

“Looking at the date it doesn’t seem like the condition changed immediately after checking the grades.”

[Uh… yes! Still something strange appeared…]

The resonance somehow trembled slightly. And as soon as he explained it I knew why.

The choice that appears at the bottom of the success pop-up that appears as soon as you check your first grade.

[Accept synchronization ☜ Click!]

I was somewhat apprehensive about clicking on this so I hesitated for a few weeks and then received it in September.

[I was planning to wait a bit and ask my brother if he came…]

But I was in the dark and in the end that guy ended up clicking that button yesterday.

And the result…

[Cumulative completion.]

It is said that a window like this appears.

‘…It must have felt really uncomfortable.’

[That brother. Could it be that I did something wrong and am accumulating penalties…?]

“No that won’t be it.”

From my rough feeling… I think it’s settled that ‘Park Moon-dae’ existed during the process of receiving the compensation I bet on but I’m not sure.

‘By what mechanism does it float?’

There are more things to analyze. At first I thought that way and passed it on.

Because we have already arrived at our destination.

I got off the bus and checked the sports stadium in front of me.

“Here it is.”

[and!]

I remember.

‘I think it was a festival held by some kind of company.’

Aside from that it was rare that tickets were sold instead of rented. It looks like this guy figured it out.

‘The line-up… was at our best level.’

I entered inside reviewing the details.

The air inside the venue was stuffy. In a modern society where abnormal temperatures occur like a meal it was hot even at the end of September so it was an obvious result.

‘I guess I don’t sleep in sleeveless clothes for no reason.’

I felt a strange sense of déjà vu as I sat in the aisle seat on the outskirts. Does it remind you of the days of data arms?

[That brother. Do you also remember this performance?]

“okay.”

[then…! When are you coming out?]

I consciously pressed the Bluetooth earphone and answered.

“The second to last game.”

[and…]

I wonder what on earth was there to admire in the conversation just now. In the midst of a fight to get to the end is it practical to just get off work quickly?

‘When I have time should I at least share an anecdote from my career?’

I feel like a curator. I kept my mouth shut. And on stage the performance was just starting.

“…”

The subsequent stages were not very impressive. Because we had overlapping activities we saw each other very often.

However looking at it from below again I feel a sense of déjà vu as if Datapal has gone back in time.

[Hyung aren’t you having fun…?]

“No it’s okay. “It looks like it’s because I’m used to it.”

It’s this loud so even if you mumble you can do it yourself knowing that people around you won’t hear you. And Gong-myung understood it well perhaps because it was his own body.

[You worked as an idol so of course it is!]

“Besides I went to film something like this when I was in college.”

[…!]

Well I just said it for no reason.

However Gong Myung asked ‘Did you do a journalist internship?’ Instead of saying the same thing he enthusiastically agreed.

[That’s right! That brother also took a fancam of Youngrin…!]

“…??”

What do you know so well?

“Did I even tell you that?”

[Well… yes. I found out by chance!]

okay. Well it wasn’t particularly a secret so it could have been spilled like this while drinking.

I nodded.

The guy I was sharing the view with was excited so I watched the rest of the performance without turning my head.

And after a long time the guys who had been waiting finally came up on stage.

Wow!!!

There are three times more screams than before.

And then the figures come up and form a formation.

Testa.

-I met you tomorrow

I think about it all today

Me wearing a dark blue stage costume and holding a microphone…

-Dream as blue as day

“…”

[and…!]

It was a strange feeling.

I definitely did a lot of stage monitoring. Because I have to check what the hell I’m doing so I can refine it.

But seeing the actual performance completely from the audience’s perspective was… almost shocking.

Even though it is the size of a lighter.

‘Did I have that kind of expression on my face?’

The face on the electronic display board and the running matchstick-sized figures intersect in the field of view.

-Cast a spell

Only then did I actually understand that I was included in those scenes that I had once left behind as data.

Park Moon-dae on stage I looked like a pretty… decent idol.

I sat quietly among the cheering people until Testa’s performance ended.

And only when the rapper who said he wasn’t interested in ‘Park Moon-dae’ came out did he get up and leave.

[brother?]

“Please go to the bathroom.”

I wanted to at least pour some cold water on it. Because I can’t believe I’m so impressed by this situation.

…I missed you.

‘oh my god.’

I moved my feet and naturally headed to the end of the hallway. And the moment I entered the bathroom I realized it.

Just now… I very naturally entered the area where unauthorized persons are prohibited from entering.

“…”

I guess they thought he was a staff member since he was invisible to the cast’s fan base. Event security is terrible.

‘Well I don’t even have a camera.’

I shrugged and turned on the water in the sink.

And I heard it at the same time.

bang!

Someone opens the door so hard that it breaks and comes out of the bathroom stall.

“…?”

What is it?

Coincidentally the person involved was seen in the mirror in front.

But… he was someone I knew.

[Ugh! This person!]

This is Bae Se-jin.

At that moment I understood the situation.

‘I was stuck in a compartment and cried.’

It’s still obvious since it’s only debut. Now that I think about it have you ever experienced a similar situation during a daydream?

“…”

This is Bae Se-jin who was trying to act less harsh but was still having a bad temper due to family issues.

I saw Bae Se-jin stopping without approaching the sink. His eyes were tense with alertness.

‘hmm.’

I had a strange feeling. Should I say… I’m glad to see you.

Of course I might look like a weird guy so I’ll have to take care of it first.

I washed my hands and spoke briefly.

“Are you Sejin Lee? sorry. “I was surprised because I am a fan.”

“…!”

“I had a good time watching the stage earlier. “I think you always have a really nice expression.”

Bae Se-jin no Lee Se-jin who has not yet changed her last name had a blank look on her face.

‘Ah this was the time when I started swearing a lot.’

Since it is a time when the additional successful candidates are being criticized by internet public opinion due to their lack of stage ability it may actually cause more caution.

But Bae Se-jin did not do that.

“…thank you.”

Instead a look of embarrassment crossed his face perhaps because he was a little embarrassed.

“I am truly grateful. “I will support you.”

“…yes.”

Only then did Bae Se-jin come to the sink and start washing his hands.

‘I passed it.’

I dried myself off and was about to walk to the door when I heard a voice behind me.

“that…! “If you need at least an autograph.”

“ah.”

I’ve thought about this before but this guy secretly likes fan service. I pretended to search my pockets a few times and then nodded.

“Because I don’t have a pen. Please next time.”

“…yes.”

After a short conversation with Bae Se-jin from the past I carefully exited the staff area without being seen by anyone.

I can’t deny that it was a refreshing experience.

[Wow… maybe you recognize my brother?]

“Probably not.”

I think we barely even chatted at that time.

‘If it were September of the year of debut… ’

Now that I think about it that guy was the one who accused my father of fraudulent gambling to the police and changed his name. Was it early October?

‘hmm.’

At that time… it seems that not only was he caught for gambling but he was also caught for drugs so his sentence increased significantly.

‘I even knew the identity of the drug dealer right off the bat.’

I stopped walking.

…if?

“Can I stop by somewhere for a moment?”

[yes? yes!]

I found the nearest pay phone.

[…?]

Then I called the Gyeonggi Province Northern Police Station’s civil affairs office.

[brother??]

Ah I received it.

“Drugs are being loaded into the illegal gambling den in the basement of building XX in XX city.”

And hung up.

[Uh… uh…]

You might think it was a prank call now but if Bae Se-jin makes an anonymous report you will remember it at least once.

There is little difference in the dates but two reports with completely different feelings came in from the same location.

‘It would be effective to check for drugs.’

I shrugged and left the phone booth.

“It’s not a prank call so don’t worry. “The police won’t come.”

[Well then…?]

I slowly returned home to the officetel telling a few anecdotes from my debut days.

And after I ate dinner and took a shower the day was already nearing its end.

‘Going out definitely takes up time.’

First I gave instructions related to status abnormalities and then quickly took next year’s first exam. I received it quickly after studying for a few months.

After that there were only 30 minutes left today.

Thanks to this I am chatting with Gongmyeong aka Park Moon-dae who seems a bit depressed.

[Brother by any chance… does he come back every time I remove this status condition?]

“That could be possible.”

Although there was only one case it was a story with potential. Then the resonance hums gloomily.

[Then… I might see you next time in a year.]

I chuckled.

“If you think about it the other way around if you make it to the first round you’ll get to see each other again.”

[I see… I see??]

“uh. “Work hard.”

[…yes!!]

It’s a bit surprising that if you don’t work hard you’ll die suddenly but wouldn’t it be better if a guide comes to you like an annual membership?

I went to sleep after giving him one last lesson on how to sell stocks in case I need money.

It was midnight.

* * *

And again morning.

The reason I opened my eyes again was because of the sound of the alarm.

The sun was coming in.

Now what is ‘Park Moon-dae’s hypothesis?…

[brother! You’re my brother right?]

After listening to your voice it seems to be correct.

“okay.”

I chuckled at the resonance that seemed to make me excited.

“Did you do well on the test?”

[yes! yes!! I’m stuck…! 1st time!]

Yes great.

No matter how much you registered for a boarding school… Wait a minute but this is still that officetel.

I got out of bed and looked around. There was something on the table.

“Have you not registered for boarding school?”

[i did it! Oh it’s the weekend and I had work to do yesterday so I came to the officetel for a bit… And I thought this place wouldn’t be unfamiliar to you when you come.]

“okay.”

It was a pretty unique idea. I nodded and headed to the table. What’s on the table is some sort of advertising bromide…

for a moment.

[Be happy^^ VTIC Cheongnyeo]

You bastard… why is the sign here?
