---
title: "Chapter 316"
category: "book"
index: 315
section: "Chapter 316"
slug: "316"
---

# Chapter 316

I don’t know what happened over the past year to have a bromide autographed by a competitor in the same industry in this house.

It’s not just any other guy it’s Cheongnyeo.

‘Isn’t this the time when this bastard was hitting on the back of my head for a while?’

What kind of wind blew that caused me to get this Reset Syndrome bastard’s autograph?

This guy didn’t seem inclined to spend money on fan signings just because he won the lottery.

Sure enough there was another reason.

[ah! I bought that dress and won!]

It seems that even though he was not interested in clothes because he was living bare-chested and completely reset when he could afford it he made large purchases to survive.

Especially winter clothes… It is said that people would freeze to death without a coat so they even bought coats and padding during the sale period.

[I don’t know much about clothes… so I just bought what one store recommended…]

Coincidentally that store was an outdoor brand advertised by VTIC.

And just for fun I won a fan autograph event for the advertising model with the entry card I entered into the lottery.

I’d rather have Testa advertise… No that would have been strangely twisted.

‘Why did I apply for the male idol fan signing draw in the first place… ’

[The last performance we went to see was cool… so I got interested when they said I was an idol. There is also someone who appeared on a variety show with that older brother…]

“…”

It was my fault. I understand.

I looked away from the bromide with uncomfortable eyes. It seems like you’re studying properly so it shouldn’t be a big deal.

“When did you go?”

[Yesterday!]

I guess I went there to commemorate the end of the first exam like last time.

Since I was given another one-year grace period anyway I was told not to worry too much about the second round and to just focus on the first round so it was worth it.

And in fact it seemed like there would be a status ailment similar to the first one where only failure would be avoided.

[! Status abnormality\: Pass or die! (3)

If you do not receive a score report without a failure in the second written test of the ‘Grade 7 Open Competitive Recruitment Test’ you will die.

Yeah I knew it would be like this.

So next year all you have to do is pass the first time and avoid failing the second time. And since I know until next year’s exam there won’t be any problem.

I tried to explain it but this guy said something unexpected.

[Well… Actually I’ve already watched the second round but based on the tentative marks… I don’t think there will be any failures!]

“…!”

[I was very lucky to get a lot of shots! I don’t think it will stick but…]

Still it was an incredible achievement.

“Enough. good job.”

[…! yes!! thank you!]

Then I will be able to eat the new status ailment raw within a month. I nodded and calculated.

“Still don’t clear it right away but make sure to wait until just before the second grades come out next year and then clear it. “Make sure you have some free time.”

[yes!]

So roughly… I guess I’ll be back in September next year too.

I checked the current date on my smartphone. September is correct. I filled it up and returned to this body after a year.

[This time they told me to wait again so I tried to wait as long as I could…!]

“That was good too.”

The resonance sounded like it was bouncing around. Probably smiling.

‘Then there’s nothing special to do today?’

I felt like I could spend some time wondering if there had been any special events in the past year other than that guy’s cause of death.

I accessed the stock app and continued talking with ‘Park Moon-dae’ while selecting the ones I wanted to sell.

“How about boarding school?”

[great! The people were kind… and they taught me well about studying so I had a really good time. The rice is delicious too…!]

I see. I turned off the app after selling and buying stocks a few times.

‘At this level if you just study without thinking you won’t have any money problems.’

And the moment I went out to the living room while listening to Gong Myung talking about his daily routine for the past year I saw something very impressive.

“…”

Flower head.

The ‘May Groom’ doll the hologram character I made when I appeared on ‘The Singer I Made’ is sitting in the exact center of the sofa.

‘What is it?’

It seems like he watched his body perform with great interest.

“Not this either.”

[My brother sings really well… I thought it would be nice to get one as a souvenir…]

I am the one who sets a cost for relieving stress every month. So it doesn’t matter if you like it…

Feeling a bit nervous I put the doll aside and sat down on the sofa.

And Gong Myung carefully brought out the main topic that he seemed to have been waiting for.

[After the second results come out… Would it be okay if I went to see you at Testa’s year-end concert? I couldn’t go early this year because I was studying…]

It seems like it’s a phrase I’ve been preparing since yesterday.

I chuckled.

“What are you getting permission for? “If you think it’s okay to go you can go.”

[…! yes! thank you!]

There is nothing to be thankful for. Of course going to a male idol concert with my own body is a somewhat conspicuous act… Wait a minute.

“That’s a fan signing event.”

[…??]

“…You said you went yesterday.”

[yes!]

I looked again at the bromide with the VTIC sign on it.

There are quite a few non-fans who come to the advertising model signing event not the fan signing event attached to the album… but I think it still stands out.

[He was very kind.]

It’s more ominous.

Just in case I logged onto WeTube and entered a search term.

If you combine today’s date activity name and clothing brand name… a fan signing fancam video will appear.

As I scroll down through the comments I see the content I was concerned about.

-22\:34 A young girl responding to a male fan is so funny hahahaha

“…”

When I clicked on the time the shadowy back of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ receiving an autograph was half captured.

The resonance sounds like a scream.

[Ugh! I didn’t know this came up like this…]

I captured it and color corrected it.

[brother?]

He was wearing a hat. I think he was probably also wearing glasses…

Isn’t this the same as Ryu Geon-woo’s facial expression that I told him about?

‘Damn it.’

Just in case I checked again the bromide that this guy signed.

Recipient’s name.

‘No way it’s Ryu Geon-woo…

-To. Big Moon

“…”

Big moon?

[It’s a nickname I used before… I feel sorry for using my brother’s name.]

This is excellent judgment.

‘after’

I quickly removed the smiling and signing sign from the screen.

“Avoid this guy from now on.”

[Cheongryeo?]

“okay. “Because he’s crazy.”

[Ugh.]

I gave him a hint to find Ryu Geon-woo’s whereabouts but now I don’t know his whereabouts so even the number and address don’t matter.

There is no need to increase the variables by having to meet this unpredictable and dangerous bastard.

‘Now that I think about it the reason his whereabouts were unknown was because I put him in a boarding school.’

It finally makes sense now. I rubbed my chin.

‘Then when I finish this and go back I’ll contact this guy… ’

no. I think I’m misunderstanding something now.

‘…How do I know that will happen?’

I don’t know what will happen when this damn status condition is over.

In the worst case scenario this guy may disappear after receiving the reward.

And even if you were to remain in this body… wouldn’t you want to return to your own body?

Look at the autograph he received using his former nickname.

“…”

[I thought you were close to Cheongryeo but I never thought you were a strange person… Huh?]

“I’m not familiar with it. It’s for broadcast.”

[ah…]

I need to… think about this.

I was glad I had time today. I can turn my brain to my heart’s content.

I started preparing the meal by coming up with a few hypotheses and fallback plans.

After that there was nothing particularly urgent or necessary to deal with.

[You’re also good at cooking…]

“Oh thank you.”

Since we shared the same feeling it was convenient to only have one serving.

A variety show I appeared in with Sun Ah-hyun was airing on TV during prime time in the evening. Solving problems while away from the Joseon Dynasty.

‘Was this the time when industrial spies within the company were uncovered?’

I lived really hard. I looked at my smug self unimpressed.

[Entertainment is good but I think standing on stage is even better. ‘Training’ was really cool…! I hope you make a comeback soon…]

I may have raised my stats openly but would you say that to your own face…?

But a compliment is a compliment and it doesn’t make you feel bad. I answered lightly.

“The comeback is on the 14th of next month.”

[omg…!]

“Don’t go around talking.”

[yes! I have no one to talk to!! Even at school no one talks about idols!]

Say the obvious.

The resonance excitedly shook with unknown waves but soon seemed to have calmed down and began to hum softly.

It was a bit cautious.

[That brother. I always get help like this… Is there anything I can do to help? Just like you called the police station last time. If there is anything you need to do I will do it!]

What should I do?

Well now that I think about it Cheongnyeo is going to try to kill me next month.

I thought for a moment but then shook my head.

We have handled that well enough. I can’t ask someone who has to worry about my condition to do anything more.

“There’s nothing more. “Just study hard.”

[yes…]

I feel downcast. Me indeed.

And as midnight approached it got worse. The resonance sounds almost unsettling.

‘Even if you don’t say anything I guess it must have been difficult spending a year alone.’

It was understandable because there was no one to tell the whole situation to. Maybe you need something to do or think about other than studying.

So when I was about to go to bed I brought up a new topic.

“Is there anything else you want to say to me?”

[Me?]

okay.

The resonance seemed to be hesitant but soon it rang again softly.

[Then bro… what did you think when you saw my nickname?]

“nickname?”

Big moon. I know it’s a nickname derived from his real name ‘Mundae’ but it’s not a very unique word. It actually seems familiar…

[Well… I have that account that my older brother used to run. I often left comments there.]

ah.

“Was that you?”

[…! Do you remember?]

“okay. “You always left something behind.”

[yes…!!]

Come to think of it that was the nickname of this guy I saw in the first ‘Truth Check’.

Actually I didn’t read the comments that much but I remember seeing them almost as soon as I posted them.

That’s how it was matched.

‘Have you been interested in idol performances since then?’

I shrugged my shoulders when I realized that the printed face was unique.

“If you’re interested in that field I think you could buy a camera and take some pictures.”

[…Is that so?]

“Of course once this test is over.”

[Of course! Still… wow.]

As if feeling better the resonance resonates more comfortably.

And the time was almost up.

“okay. Then think about it. “See you next year.”

[yes…]

Sleep slowly came to me. It was quite peaceful.

* * *

[brother?… brother?]

I opened my eyes.

It’s the same morning as last time. The temperature seems to be similar so maybe next September…

[You’re Geonwoo right?? brother!!]

“okay.”

This guy seems to be panicking. Did you call because there was a problem?

I got up right away. But first the resonance rang incessantly.

…I feel like I’m sobbing.

[Brother brother car accident…]

ah.

‘Fuck you.’

I immediately opened my smartphone.

-June 22nd

Four days after the debut anniversary.

That was when I fell into a coma because of my crazy ex-manager.
