---
title: "Chapter 317"
category: "book"
index: 316
section: "Chapter 317"
slug: "317"
---

# Chapter 317

Four days after the accident the media would have been talking about how there was no sign of me waking up.

I opened my mouth right away.

“are you okay. “Recover everything.”

[The news said that the Lord was dying…]

“I won’t die.”

I don’t know what kind of crazy person used that word to describe coma but I want to sue.

[You’re not really dead right…? You didn’t come to help me now that you’re dead right?]

“I said no.”

What do you mean you went up to catch the grand prize?

‘You disappeared not me.’

Hearing this from someone who doesn’t know what will happen once this ‘reward receipt’ is over it’s a bit… disturbing.

I said while holding back a sigh.

“sorry. I should have told you in advance but I didn’t think of it. “I woke up fine and was active.”

[…]

I didn’t think there was any particular problem that needed to be reported as I was able to overcome obstacles every time I got in the way. Because this thing will be resolved without him having to do anything.

However if you don’t know how it’s handled it’s worth worrying about.

That too… It would have been even worse if I had lost someone close to me in an accident.

‘I was complacent.’

I sat down on the bed and spoke calmly.

“You received a new status ailment and wanted to check if I was coming right?”

It was still June. I was planning to take some more time and then receive a new status ailment but I think I processed it now to make sure it appears properly.

‘Actually it’s easier to hold out for four days.’

As I kept hearing about it on the news I was so anxious that I couldn’t help but check it out.

Gongmyeong seems to calm down but then trembles again.

[I’m sorry. I was planning to press it in September but I…]

“No you did well.”

Even if you think about it efficiently it was a situation worth checking. Suddenly the guide almost disappeared.

‘It’s much better than taking the exam in this condition and failing.’

I got up and sighed in relief.

“I handled it well so don’t worry about it. Since it is a month before the exam we can give you another past exam which is actually advantageous.”

[yes…]

The resonance subsided as if greatly relieved. It’s true that I was in a state of panic.

“It was hard. “For four days.”

Gongmyeong shook as if sobbing.

I checked my physical condition just in case and realized that my stomach was almost sore.

“Have you not even eaten?”

[…There are people who keep talking about their older brother while eating… sometimes.]

They say they don’t talk about idols but they talk about idol accidents. Are other people’s disasters interesting?

Anyway it was painful to hear stories of people I knew dying while I was eating. I clicked my tongue inwardly.

“But from next time make sure to eat.”

[yes…]

Gongmyeong was sobbing. I don’t think I’ll be able to speak properly because I’m too nervous so I’ll try to figure out the situation myself.

‘First of all… today is Monday.’

Since this year’s exams are just around the corner I thought it would be an academy from the weekend but it turned out to be an officetel.

‘I guess they took it out on purpose to coincide with my return.’

Looking at the schedule on the smartphone screen it seems like I attended boarding school regularly.

I next accessed the internet.

[Testar Park Moon-dae has been unconscious for four days… What does the agency’s statement ‘in recovery’ mean?]

It was an article that appeared on the social media page and drew criticism like ‘Why is the title like this?’ I read through the comments.

Perhaps because of the perception that it has become ‘really serious’ after four days a lot of aggro has disappeared and most of them are fans.

Worry panic despair nervousness…

“…”

In fact at the time I watched it after everything was finished so it was my first time seeing it raw to this extent but seeing it in person was confusing. I’m going to be unconscious for the next 18 days.

But on one hand… it’s ridiculous to be a little happy.

‘…don’t think about useless things.’

I sighed and took down the news screen. Everyone else must have come to their senses and be hospitalized by now.

‘I heard that most of them ended up being minor injuries so there were no major problems… ’

In fact when she woke up the only one who was recovering from major visible injuries was Cha Yu-jin. The rest were just protective gear at best.

‘Hmm then the company might cut me off and make a new plan.’

Now that I see it I’m a little puzzled.

I think there must have been a gesture from the company when it had been more than two weeks since I couldn’t wake up.

Even if we assume that the subsidiary refrained from doing so due to manager issues the headquarters T1 are the ones who will get away with it.

‘…Now that I think about it.’

Suddenly I remember what Sun Ah-hyun said before.

-Sejin worked very hard when there was a school car accident…

-I told the company… I kept coming to the hospital and talking about the surgery… I worked really hard! I can’t even eat well…

“…”

After thinking about it for a while I created a new anonymous email. And I put my agency’s email format in ‘Recipient’.

However it is not a representative address.

I wrote down the email address of the ‘Management Office Manager’ directly.

And the title.

-It is said that a plan to enforce testa activities in the fourth quarter is scheduled to be announced.

I am writing about what kind of external backlash there will be if the six-person system is pushed forward as if it were an internal complaint disguised as anonymity.

‘This works when you’re in the middle of a factional fight with the head of the headquarters.’

In this case even if the head of the division talks to the head office and brings up this plan the management director will quickly object. Because you already know your weaknesses. Then things won’t proceed properly because the two of you will be biting each other…

‘…there will be less for members to consider.’

Big Sejin.

At this point this guy was the only one in the group who could properly communicate with the company but imagine if the company even came up with a proposal like X.

I didn’t know what would happen to this guy’s head due to extreme stress.

‘Still it seems like I did a good job of staying strong until I woke up.’

Well it would be nice if some effort like this had an impact. I clicked send email.

I felt a little lighter.

Only then does the resonance sound faintly again.

[Can I ask where you are sending that brother…?]

“Oh to the company…”

for a moment.

One more thing came to mind after talking to this guy.

-Actually the article was about to be published last year but the company blocked it.

This guy’s parents’ plane accident.

I was told that the company prevented the article from almost breaking out around the time I was discharged from the hospital but I doubt that these bastards did a good job of preventing it in this crazy situation.

“…Park Moon-dae.”

[yes!]

“Just one thing… I’d like to ask for your understanding.”

I explained the situation to this guy.

If you’re not careful the media may be the victim of your family affairs.

The fact that it has already been revealed to the public is enough to be annoying but I can’t pass this up.

So I planned to raise awareness by sending an email to the agency in advance like a reporter who wants an ‘exclusive’ title.

…It’s not a method I like but it’s the most effective because of time and space constraints.

“So I have to write something in the email first and I’m sorry if it’s inconvenient to see.”

[No… I’m really fine…?]

“…? okay?”

[yes.]

The resonance rang out loudly.

[Actually I don’t think he looks like me at all… He looks very different… I just don’t know how to say that… It’s like watching my real brother appear on TV.]

“…Well I get it.”

[It may be just my opinion but maybe that’s why I feel a sense of familiarity with it…]

“Thank you for that.”

The resonance sounded as if he was laughing without realizing it.

“You wake up on July 6th so don’t just watch the news until then.”

[yes!]

“The donation concert is held after the second exam.”

[yes…]

And one more thing was emphasized.

After passing the second round there is still a third test an interview and the next status abnormality will definitely be the third round.

So here’s what to do.

“First go through the interview and only when you feel like you’ve definitely passed the test should you receive the next status ailment right away.”

If you receive a status abnormality you only have one chance to clear it.

Since I’ve never done anything similar to an interview in my life I can’t not think about the possibility of being rejected.

[I will definitely do that!]

But deep down I thought that this guy might catch on at once.

And when I open my eyes again in the morning.

[…brother.]

“okay.”

It wasn’t until the following spring that I realized I had woken up.

This guy failed the interview.

* * *

‘Park Moon-dae’ was eliminated in the third round.

Of course it wasn’t because I was particularly bad at the interview.

[I’m sorry my score is below 1 multiple and I failed the interview so much…]

In the first place the score was somewhat different in the 1.5 multiple selection.

“good job. If you make it to the second round you’re almost there. “You just have to suffer one more year.”

If it sticks this year that’s it. But the resonance stirred uneasily.

[Um… what if I don’t make it this year?]

He seemed to get scared after slipping from his target once.

But there is no need for that.

“No you can stick. “I’m not saying this to encourage you I’m sincere.”

I was so sick of the questions that I failed the interview because I tried to beat the interviewer. This guy just needs to raise his score a little.

And you will be able to raise it.

“You raised your score to the passing level in two years but honestly that’s ridiculous.”

[Ugh.]

“And if you work hard for the first three years at this level your score is bound to increase to some extent.”

I spoke without hesitation.

“So if you are already qualified you will most likely pass if you work hard for a few more months.”

[…yes!]

The responding resonance returned with strength.

‘good.’

My motivation is back. I nodded and then started my day.

Now I have to run to my death for the last opportunity to take the test so I spent this time cooperating with this guy to rest as much as possible.

By taking a break from doing what you want to do and answering what you are curious about.

For example something like this.

[Hyung what about the next comeback…]

“July 12th. So don’t look any further and just listen to the song on the day.”

[yes!]

I realized as I answered. The song making a comeback on July 12th is the most recent song ‘Promise’.

In other words it was the year I returned.

‘You’ve caught up a lot.’

I haven’t found out anything specific about the system.

‘This guy himself doesn’t seem to know anything about it.’

I crossed my arms.

Still if you look at it one by one the ‘Conversation with Park Moon-dae’ itself was well done. I think I’ve become closer to this guy than I thought.

Moreover it seems that ‘Park Moon-dae’ will end the status abnormality more successfully than first expected.

‘It’s strangely rewarding.’

Well I’m seeing some gains.

[Hyung what is that?]

“I have something to take care of.”

This is because I remembered the ‘well-timed’ expose that sent away the person who bothered me the most during this time.

Chae Seo-dam’s secret dating account.

Of course I didn’t do anything special. I’m a civil service exam student so I shouldn’t get sued.

I just… posted this on an anonymous site.

————————

[Chaeseodam Kkadle seems to be working on rumors]

This account ID creation method is very similar to the previous Chaeseodam account but it was created recently.

I wonder why you want to curse this much

————————

The post about Chae Seo-dam’s private dating account was described as ‘an account deliberately created by antis.’

If this happens those who want to claim that it is real will stick to it… Well then as I saw there may even be hacking bastards.

It’s just a possibility. Well… I did see the results.

‘If this wasn’t really me I could have used it as a way to silence the anti.’

Unfortunately it was true that Chae Seo-dam herself was careless.

After seeing the number of comments increase I waited 5 minutes and deleted the post.

‘It’s neat.’

[Hyung… did you help frame that person?]

“It’s the opposite.”

[…??]

I didn’t bother to explain in detail to Gongmyeong who was sounding blankly. Study hard.

After that I spent my time resting as planned and the day passed quickly.

Gong Myung hummed gloomily.

[It’s already 11 o’clock…]

“okay.”

In other words it is time for a decisive battle.

If my hypothesis and calculations are correct this is the section where the fifth and final status abnormality must be cleared.

Although I didn’t explain it in detail he believed me when I said that his ‘condition abnormality’ would end with this guy passing the test itself.

However I was curious about what happened after that.

This is because I asked this now just before the day ends.

[Hyung when this is all over… what happens?]

It was something I was already concerned about but for now I answered in a casual manner. There’s no need to make me anxious.

“For me nothing happened just the condition disappeared and that was the end.”

[is it so?]

“okay. Well… even if it isn’t he won’t die suddenly anymore.”

The resonance shook like a laugh.

[I guess so!]

okay.

And just in case even if I were to immediately go back to the time period where I had first impressions I have prepared an alternative.

“Then take care and see you in half a year.”

[yes!!]

“If I don’t come in call me in December using the number I gave you.”

Gongmyeong shook with tension and anticipation. It seemed like a positive sign.

‘You can control it either way.’

As long as this guy passes.

So I went to sleep considering the various possible outcomes.

* * *

When I opened my eyes again I realized that I was lying in the officetel bed again.

“…”

Also it is Ryu Geon-woo’s body. Nothing particularly changes.

And looking at the season outside the window… it’s late fall.

This is the season when the 7th grade passing results will be announced. I knew it right away.

‘It’s stuck.’

The fact that I came back at this time

That’s it. I smiled and got up. And called.

“Park Mun-dae.”

Well done.

But no answer came back.

“…Ryu Geon-woo?”

No resonance was heard.

There was no trace of the strange vibration that was ringing somewhere inside.

“…”

What is this… situation?

I waited a moment more. I was wondering if this guy was playing a prank to celebrate his passing.

But the surroundings were quiet for over 5 minutes.

I was the only one in the officetel.

I swallowed.

“…Status window.”

[Receiving compensation.]

It means it’s not over yet. I was still receiving the reward for ‘Conversation with Moon-Dae Park’.

So… it’s definitely not the worst case scenario I was considering.

‘But why did the person I was talking to disappear?’

What is the situation?

I suppressed a curse and immediately got up from the bed. First of all I planned to find out and deduce something through clues around me.

It was then.

Jiyiing.

A phone call came in. It’s the smartphone that was next to the bed.

‘Number not saved’

I received it right away. With the intention of ripping out information to combine something.

Then a voice was immediately heard from the smartphone.

It was just a voice I knew.

-I found it.

…Cheongnyeo.
