---
title: "Chapter 319"
category: "book"
index: 318
section: "Chapter 319"
slug: "319"
---

# Chapter 319

Let’s leave ‘Park Moon-dae’ alone?

So… whether he disappears like this I’ll just go back to the time when I was riding the target and continue living as a tester.

Now that you know the principles of the system there is no need to talk further with Park Moon-dae. Because it seemed like I didn’t know anything.

At this point I’ve done enough so I’ll stop worrying about it and completely take control of the idol life I’ve been developing for several years.

I won’t deny it.

Apart from being ruthless it did sound plausible. Because I have come to acknowledge that the life I lived in that body is also mine.

‘but… ’

I took a deep breath and relaxed my fists.

“I don’t think so.”

“…”

Cheongryeo stopped tapping her fingers on the table.

“Of course what I experienced as Park Moon-dae was my own experience. “Because I did it.”

“is it so. then…”

“But the body is separate.”

I leaned back.

“Just because I’ve used it for a few years doesn’t mean it’s unconditionally considered mine. “Park Moon-dae’s entire growth background is something he experienced.”

“…”

“I happened to get quite a bit of help there.”

If ‘Park Moon-dae’ hadn’t lived uprightly it would have been difficult for him to win first place so dramatically. And even after debuting it would soon become a thing of the past.

Cheongryeo stared at me.

“Have you ever thought that you would have succeeded faster if you had done it with your body?”

“I haven’t tried it so I can’t guarantee it. And in the first place this is an issue that has nothing to do with achievement.”

I chuckled.

“Park Moon-dae has the right to live in Park Moon-dae’s body. “Don’t blur the topic.”

“…”

The guy continued to look in this direction without saying a word and then quietly opened his mouth.

“So you’re willing to give up your junior career if that’s what you want?”

“I never said I would give up.”

“then.”

I crossed my arms.

“We need to reach an agreement.”

Now that his status abnormality is over I plan to listen to what he wants and coordinate it.

It’s not like I can’t do that again.

“I’m not going to just wipe my mouth and turn away.”

“I don’t understand. “There’s no need to consider it that much.”

I shrugged.

“Well… I guess I felt some affection.”

After sharing for several days in a row how ‘Park Moon-dae’ has been doing over the past few years I realized that I am also human.

‘It’s kind of funny that you think you’re going to respect the doctor rather than how to make this guy give up.’

At that moment the guy sitting across from me withdrew his hand from the table without an expression.

“I feel affectionate.”

“okay.”

“I didn’t know it would have the same weight as your accomplishments.”

I put my glasses back on.

“I keep trying to weigh things that may not be either/or… Try changing the words to ‘four’ and ‘career’.”

“…”

“Isn’t it easier to live now that you have both than when you gave up one for career reasons?”

Just in time the dog under the table barked. Cheongryeo reflexively lowered his hand.

I saw the dog rubbing the tip of his nose.

“I will try to handle the situation with the goal of getting both of them to be okay.”

“…”

Cheongryeo closed her mouth with a mysterious expression. It felt like something was going on in my head whether it was a calculation or a thought.

‘That’s surprising.’

I thought this bastard was going to encourage me and weed out my competitors because he was thinking well.

‘The way of thinking is excessive but I gave honest advice.’

I eventually added briefly.

“Anyway… I’m thankful that Testa Park Mun-dae recognized me as me.”

“…”

It wasn’t a bad feeling that the first evaluation I got after hearing all this shit was approval.

The guy paused for a moment and then smiled bitterly.

“is it so. Well if that’s the case.”

No I will cancel. Well I’m a little upset that they gave me such great permission.

Cheongnyeo took her hand away from her dog.

“It’s a shame. “I was willing to help just in case.”

This bastard can’t possibly be saying that he was trying to help bury Park Moon-dae’s body.

‘What a waste of a first-team idol career.’

I changed the topic to wake him up from his pointless obsession.

“Then why don’t you give me a phone call tomorrow?”

“tomorrow?”

“After today I think I need to check who is in this body.”

“hmm.”

“Don’t do anything unnecessary.”

To prevent any unexpected situation I planned to leave a note to Park Moon-dae telling him to listen carefully to the voice coming on this phone remember it and skip it in the future.

Cheongryeo shrugged his shoulders.

“great. “I will contact you through other bodies as well so please wait.”

“There’s no need for that…”

for a moment.

I remembered the phone call I received from this guy out of the blue one day in November.

-Um… I was wondering if you had anything to say to me.

And next words.

-Not yet.

“…”

I looked back on my memory and guessed the date and found that today was the day before.

‘I see.’

Now I understand. This guy contacted me knowing about this situation at the time.

‘But you didn’t mention it even once and just wiped your mouth until you got rid of it.’

Is it helpful or not?

Anyway this is an unpredictable bastard. I clicked my tongue and stood up.

“A store?”

“okay.”

Since I’m done talking and there’s no case in particular I thought I’d look for more traces of Park Moon-dae at least physically.

“Well bye. “I’ll contact you tomorrow.”

It felt a bit strange that I had already received that call.

“okay.”

After finishing the conversation with Cheongryeo I returned to the officetel.

Upon arrival we immediately began a search.

‘Isn’t there something?’

There were no traces.

Perhaps because I was stuck in a boarding school I didn’t feel like living in an officetel. However there was only one bedroom filled with hobby items.

Testa’s albums and MDs.

It was stored well in various drawers that I didn’t even have time to open because I was always chatting with him.

‘Did you come to the concert again?’

I even visited the MD of the world tour held earlier this year.

“It looks like you had a good time.”

I laughed and put them away. Still it wasn’t a bad feeling to have been able to relieve the stress of my exam life.

But the situation still remained the same.

The whereabouts of ‘Park Moon-dae’ are still unknown and the only thing that can be confirmed is the notation on the calendar on the smartphone.

-The day I meet my brother!

“…”

Other than that there is no special schedule and no logged in social media accounts. Other than looking up Testa I think I really just studied.

I tried a few times to see if I could see the status window but nothing popped up. It’s just that I’m ‘receiving compensation’.

“after.”

That’s all for now.

Finally near midnight I sat down on the sofa and started scribbling down a note.

-When I came in you weren’t there so I’m leaving this in writing. First of all congratulations on passing and thank you for your hard work.

…

Since I have set up a recording for Cheongnyeo’s phone call I once again summarized everything from just familiarizing myself with his voice before meeting him or not sharing any additional information to how he would contact me in December.

And soon… it was midnight.

Dang-.

I am lying on the sofa.

A small bell is heard in the corner.

‘You changed the clock.’

After a brief thought like ‘I think that was a concert MD’ unconditional sleep comes over me again.

Soon my feelings and thoughts disappeared. As always during these few days.

Dang-.

But the bell rings.

‘for a moment’

And what I am doing is perception and thinking.

‘It’s coming back.’

I don’t know what it was but it felt like I was trying to fall into a complete sleep and was interrupted…

“brother!”

“…!”

I got up.

I was still inside the officetel. But there was one thing that was unfamiliar.

“It’s really nice to meet you bro…!”

There was a strange-looking boy sitting on the floor in front of the sofa where I was lying.

It looks strangely like me but it’s not exactly the same…

“Park Mun-dae.”

When his name was called he smiled awkwardly.

“Yes… I’m not sure if I can be called by that name.”

I could guess why he said that. That guy looked like a mix of Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae’s mold fixed in his early 20s.

‘Could it be that you received that in a new body?’

Maybe it’s because I’m sleeping but I’m getting a headache. I pressed my temples and got up from the sofa.

“But that’s your name.”

“Well… you use that name too. “I also used my brother’s name… Oh then please call me ‘Big Moon’ first!”

It seems like a title that would come out of a game magazine but feel free to use it as you wish. I nodded and got straight to the point.

“What happened now?”

Even though it was an unexpected incident they seemed strangely calm.

The guy in front of me looked towards the veranda blinds with a slightly nervous look on his face.

And I operated the button.

“Oh first… please look at this.”

Weeing.

The blinds open and what you see is…

“…!”

The sun was setting outside the window.

However it is not a typical color. The feeling of golden purple and red sunlight colliding and the sound of a music box being heard somewhere.

It was something I knew.

“It’s a scene from the teaser for ‘Magical Boy’ and I think both my brother and I were very impressed. “This was implemented.”

“…avatar?”

“yes.”

The guy laughed awkwardly.

“Um… this is an imaginary world.”

“…!”

“So it’s not real it’s something that only happens in our heads…”

“You know what it is so stop.”

“yes.”

You can understand it as a state similar to the daydream I had when I was in that coma.

And then I realized why that guy was acting like that. I guess my self-awareness was mixed while living as ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.

‘You’ve had all sorts of experiences.’

I held back a sigh.

The guy laughed awkwardly.

“You really know everything…”

It’s okay to say that because there are so many things I don’t know that I feel like I’ll turn around.

“It can’t be. “I think you’re more familiar with this situation than that.”

“…”

“By any chance… were you still here yesterday?”

Originally Park Moon-dae’s ‘big moon’ sat carefully on the floor. And he answered seriously.

“yes.”

also.

“And it wasn’t just yesterday.”

“what?”

“Brother I… I have been pressing ‘Accept Synchronization’ while resolving the status issue.”

I remember. It used to make people feel uncomfortable by always showing ‘cumulative completion’.

“It turned out that it was synchronized with the time I spent with my brother.”

“With me?”

“yes.”

“I don’t remember anything like that.”

“It looked different.”

Big Moon rubbed his palms on his thighs with a nervous face. And he said quietly.

Blunt an unexpected topic.

“Brother I want to apologize first.”

“It’s actually my fault that your brother had such a hard time.”

“…”

“I… I had a strange idea when my brother was in a coma.”

He slowly began to explain the situation at the time.

“My brother said he might never wake up again. So I… I cleaned out my brother’s house. “I knew then.”

As he said those words the thoughts he experienced at the time began to appear in my head like a direct resonance.

-this…

The camera I used.

And I didn’t bother to delete it from there.

Among the data there was some that I uploaded to the ‘gun1234’ account.

And this guy who was organizing the house seemed to recognize it right away.

That mental blow was very decisive.

-Oh what should I do…

“At that time… I guess I was so heartbroken. My brother helped me from then until now but I felt like there was nothing I could do to help him and he was going to pass away soon…”

“…”

“So as I was going back after packing up my things I accidentally leaned against the railing of the outer stairs while holding the trash. Without thinking…”

Since it was a cheap one-room building I thought the railings looked dangerous when I came out to smoke.

“But the railing couldn’t bear the weight and collapsed…”

And it happened that it was destroyed when this guy was at his most frantic.

-ping!

With the worst timing.

“Actually until now I thought I might have just broken my leg… but I didn’t tell you about it because I was afraid you might worry. But maybe… I think I was on the verge of death at that time.”

I almost bit my tongue. But his story wasn’t over.

“So I guess the system was mistaken.”

“Illusion?”

“This system grants wishes based on the thoughts you had right before you died.”

Big Moon swallowed his saliva.

“But… I hoped that my brother would stay healthy and live happily for a long time but at the time he was in a coma on the verge of death just like me… and an error occurred. “You misunderstood the target.”

“…!”

“Instead of me my brother went back to the past and lived in his own body.”

-Ugh…

I pictured myself waking up in a dirty motel room.

But the point of view of that scene was… me.

“I think I integrated into the system in the process… but I guess I still had a little bit of ego left in me. “It’s like a pattern of behavior that requires something to be corrected.”

And then I realized.

This guy kept using the word ‘system’ naturally.

…the exact same usage of the word that I have defined on my own and have never explained to anyone.

I barely opened my mouth.

“…Status window.”

The guy nods his head.

“that’s right.”

“…”

“So brother I was… my brother’s status window.”
