---
title: "Chapter 320"
category: "book"
index: 319
section: "Chapter 320"
slug: "320"
---

# Chapter 320

The moment I heard the confirmation questions related to the status window flashed through my mind like a flashback.

‘…’Park Moon-dae’ is the status window’

And before concluding.

The original Park Moon-dae ‘Keundal’ began to talk as if reminiscing about what he had experienced as Sang Sang-chang.

“At first I was completely unconscious. But… my brother was shouting at the status window and suddenly I came to my senses.”

-I quit playing games.

The last words I posted when I closed ‘gun1234’ the WiTube account where I uploaded fancams.

“My brother likes games so I thought it would be helpful…”

“Maybe it was because it was the last shock I had when I was human and realized that the account was my brother.”

I barely opened my mouth.

“Then how about leveling up or getting characteristics?”

“yes. Since the only games I’ve played are mobile games… I think that’s probably the only thing that came out decent. sorry.”

It wasn’t something to be sorry about.

The status window that I had as a perk… didn’t stick out for balance reasons like Cheongryeo thought.

This is what this guy did.

“After that I became assimilated into the system again… and mainly just played a role in showing what the system was trying to do in a nice way.”

I cut him off.

“No thank you.”

“…! “That… no…”

The guy sitting across from me didn’t know what to do and lowered his head.

“Actually strange things start happening here.”

Strange thing?

“I told you that I who prepared for the civil service exam in my older brother’s body was in sync with me who lived through the status window.”

“okay.”

“Well… I think it was reversely influenced by me the person who prepared for the civil service exam.”

“…!”

“So… even when I was in the status window I vaguely knew what would happen to my brother in the future. “I’ve seen all of your activities starting with Azusa.”

I see.

I remembered the status window’s draw which gave me not only what I wanted but also the characteristics I needed at the time as if predicting the future.

It wasn’t predicting the future. It really was a mix of people who lived in the future.

I pressed my forehead.

‘There is no beginning or end.’

If I hadn’t set up a ‘conversation with Park Moon-dae’ mission after clearing all status abnormalities this guy preparing to become a civil servant would not have existed.

But I need this guy who was preparing to become a civil servant in order for me to be able to clear status abnormalities with predictive shots in the status window.

“Cause and effect are just mixed up right? Haha… I’m a little confused too.”

“I know.”

Even if you return to the past time is not reset and coexists as is so there is no forward or backward order.

It’s as if I was interfering with Testa’s activities while helping this guy with his announcement.

“hmm.”

Meanwhile Geoldal cautiously opened his mouth again.

“Um so… the moment my self which was in a state of confusion really woke up was when I realized that my brother’s car accident was just around the corner.”

“…!”

I instantly remembered the unique option I received as a reward after clearing the ‘200000 audience attendance status abnormality’.

[Options]

\: Check the ‘truth’ ☜ Click!

\: Obtain ‘Coin’ ☜ Click! !

※ Duplicate selection is not possible

“…coin…”

Big Moon smiled faintly.

“that’s right. “At that time the choice was mine not the system.”

oh my god.

“And what happened after that?”

Immediately after when the next status abnormality appears all kinds of lines appear and the status abnormality is continuously updated.

‘No. 1 or death’ occurs!

‘Target or death’ occurs!

‘Performance or death’ occurs!

I thought it was like someone had hacked it but it turned out to be an accurate guess.

“Yes… Fortunately my brother chose the coin but there was an error there.”

I opened my mouth without realizing it.

“Is it because the truth was not confirmed?”

An error occurred because the final condition was not cleared.

“…! that’s right. So the status abnormality that was originally supposed to end with that appeared once more…”

“…”

“Ugh I think it happened because I just intervened. So I tried to change it to something as easy as possible or cancel it… but it didn’t work.”

The guy lowered his head with an embarrassed face.

But in fact the burden of that condition was entirely his fault.

“So the target of death also changed to you.”

-If he fails to meet more than 400000 audiences within the specified period ‘Park Moon-dae’ will die.

Big Moon nodded.

“…yes. In fact my brother’s status condition ended just before that. “The penalty must be borne by the person who created it.”

I muttered calmly.

“I don’t understand that.”

“yes yes?”

“The number of status abnormalities I have.”

I folded my fingers.

“In the end it’s just that I don’t remember but it’s true that I lived until a few years later and came back.”

This guy was organizing my belongings… This is my future when I get a job at the company. What I saw in the last truth check.

“Why did the number of status abnormalities come down based on my memory rather than that standard?”

“That’s because… the preliminary work was done to grant my wish before my brother returned to the past.”

That guy’s wish…

-I hope Geonwoo lives happily for a long time…

It is a wish that is so good that it is absurd but there is something even more absurd than that.

“If I were to live I had to have no memories of that?”

“yes.”

The guy across from me seemed a little pale but he was determined.

“My brother’s heart was in so much pain during those years that the system decided that he would not accept a new body.”

“…”

“And seeing how far back in time I have been based on my brother’s deleted memories the number of status abnormalities has decreased accordingly.”

I was speechless.

I gritted my teeth in frustration and answered slowly.

“I don’t even remember meeting you.”

I have no recollection of even occasionally contacting this guy including buying him soup.

“That too. “I guess he thought he would react strangely if he entered the body of someone he knew.”

I’m going crazy.

‘I set it up so that one true wish can be thoroughly granted.’

Blasting someone else’s memory is not a way to appear personable at all and it was a decision that some kind of AI would make.

Now that I think about it there is something special about me that automatically connects and emerges.

“Can you even confirm the truth?”

A reward for clearing status abnormalities that was only given to me.

“yes.”

The guy across from me closed his eyes tightly.

“When the system analyzed it I think it decided that my brother could overcome it by seeing his own trauma.”

Aren’t you crazy?

“So I did it using the existing status window.”

“The system used the status window?”

“yes. From that point on not only was I using the system but the system also started using me… We end up influencing each other.”

“…”

I suddenly looked closely at the guy across from me.

The big moon sitting in the imaginary world looked like a mixture of ‘Park Moon-dae’ and ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ but when I looked at it again I felt a sense of incongruity.

Tick.

At that moment a crackling noise followed the creature’s outline.

‘Damn it.’

“Actually I’m still a little confused. “It seems like it’s a bit mixed up with the system.”

It was a strange situation. I frowned.

“The system would have moved to someone else.”

Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung.

“You remained in the status window. “But they’re still mixed up?”

“Hmm… As my brother finished dealing with the abnormal condition my sense of self became more and more clear. So the system could remain on its own when moved.”

The guy opened and clenched his hands.

“But… I can use some of the same abilities as before.”

I automatically remembered what I had chosen with the last remaining talent draw.

[Attribute\: Acquired ‘Mission Constitution (S)’!]

The ability to trade rewards and penalties in a similar way to status ailments.

“It must have been you who gave me the mission constitution.”

“yes.”

So in the end this guy saved his life.

‘hmm.’

I almost felt cheerful for a moment.

“So… I think there’s still some connection. “We can’t get involved with each other.”

“okay.”

This… could be used somewhere. I nodded and relaxed my posture.

“phew…”

The guy across from me sighed softly as if he had just taken care of something big.

‘I’ve said everything I wanted to say.’

I chuckled. Then it was my turn to talk.

“I heard the story well. “Everything I was curious about was answered.”

“yes!”

This is where the main topic begins. I erased my expression and opened my mouth again.

“And… thank you for saving my life.”

“yes?”

“Thanks to you I lived well.”

I thought about the things I had experienced over the years as ‘Park Moon-dae’.

There were a lot of terrible things but when I look back and think about it… the ending was always good.

I remembered the whole experience vividly. So… I never thought I would say this out loud.

“Idol was fun.”

If I had to do it again I could do it.

of course…

“I never thought I wanted to be an idol but I guess I did.”

Then suddenly the guy in front of me started crying.

“…??”

What are you doing?

“I’m sorry. It’s really touching… I hope you’ll say that at your concert too…”

“…”

It was ridiculous but I just laughed. I didn’t feel bad.

And he said it like a joke.

“Your civil service exam was also surprising.”

Did you want to have that kind of job?

“…!”

At that moment the guy makes a prickly expression.

What is it?

“Um brother about that.”

“why.”

“Actually… I think I just decided on the status window because it reminded me of my brother.”

“…”

I’d rather take level 9 you idiot.

I can’t say anything since I ended up sticking with it but I don’t know why I pushed myself into the pit of hell.

The guy muttered a few words as an excuse saying ‘I didn’t know much about the civil service exam’ and quickly returned to the main topic.

“Your brother helped me a lot there. To be honest since I started with missions my brother saved my life several times…”

“Then let’s say we helped each other.”

“yes…”

In conversation the tension gradually eases and you start to have time to think.

And as if to express those feelings the sunset has already ended and one or two stars can be seen outside the window.

At that moment the slacker suddenly stood up.

“omg! “Time is almost up??”

“hour?”

You say it’s an imaginary world so you’re asking about that?

“yes! “It’s because I used a trick right before my brother left his body while he was taking the test…”

Now that I think about it that’s the most important thing. This guy’s future residence.

“Then what happens to you from now on?”

“Well… you can go back to the status window!”

You are saying nonsense.

“Have you ever thought about wanting to use your own body?”

“Uh… to be honest maybe it’s because I spent a long time as a status window but my body doesn’t really look like mine… I’m not attracted to it.”

“…I see.”

It’s a situation that benefits me but it’s a moment when I think it’s bittersweet.

Additional explanation is attached.

“And when I return to my body Testa disintegrates. “No really… How did you get here?”

“…”

Why do you care about that?

I don’t know if I’m overly immersed because I’ve been using the status window for a long time or because it’s a comfort to me during exam preparation but I don’t think this is the case.

“You could do it. Since the body is the same I think the stats will be the same.”

In my daydream I used the body of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ but that wasn’t reality at all.

But the guy across from me grinned.

“That brother. “There was something I wanted to say about that…”

“…?”

“Do you remember the traits that were there from the beginning? “This was before the talent draw came out.”

It was there before I drew it through the trait draw…

“Infinite potential?”

“yes!”

okay. A ridiculous morale trait that allowed all stats to grow to their limit…

“It was originally my brother’s.”

“…!”

what?

“So the characteristics my brother picked and the stats he raised… are all just a manifestation of the talents he originally had.”

“…”

“There was nothing that my brother achieved that he couldn’t have.”

Big Moon nodded coolly.

“I really want you to know that.”

“…”

I stared at him blankly as if I had been hit in the back of the head.

‘It’s mine.’

Slowly a strange sense of elation comes over me.

Its name was… Satisfaction.

The voice continues.

“So please show me some cool activities.”

I nodded reflexively. My head didn’t turn because of the sense of stability that filled my head.

The guy across from me muttered.

“I really want to continue to support my brother as an idol…”

“…!”

At that moment I came to my senses.

Now is not the time to indulge in sentimentality but rather the time to direct traffic.

From this guy’s residence.

‘If you’re not interested in your body in the first place… ’

“Then you don’t care about how well you passed the test?”

I don’t think they’ll just leave it at level 7 and throw it away.

“Uh oh!”

Fortunately this time a positive response came back. I guess I secretly wanted to do this since I’ve been fucking it for 4 years.

“Hey but will it be okay? “It’s my brother’s body!”

“What if I also use your body?”

It’s not like I’m going to save the extra body and make soup so what’s the point? I looked at him with the attitude that I would not take any orders.

Then the guy turned a little red and nodded.

“Then… I’ll use it well for a while.”

For a while?

The moment when I was about to question the choice of words that made me feel uncomfortable.

“Bro time is up! I think it will flow soon. Lie down quickly!”

“ah.”

I turned around to lie down on the sofa in response to his fuss. It was then.

The reflected light from the dark window illuminated my appearance as night fell.

“…!”

The person you see there… wasn’t the complete ‘Ryu Geon-woo’. But if you ask me if it was just ‘Testa Park Moon-dae’ I don’t know.

It was both.

I don’t know how that was possible but I just felt like no matter what I looked like someone would recognize that as me.

Unlike the appearance of the large moon which seemed to be unrefined and mixed with elements it had a completely settled and solid appearance.

As if I was already sure of who I was.

‘I am indeed.’

I guess they both ended up thinking it was me.

I lay down with an indescribable feeling and burst into laughter.

It was somehow cool.

“If I get a chance…”

I confirmed in a cautious voice.

“See you again.”

“…! yes!”

And then I closed my eyes as sleep rushed in again.

This time it was a dark battle where all five senses disappeared completely.

Dormant where consciousness and thoughts disappear.

Dang-.

The moment I thought I heard the bell ring.

“Park Moon-dae…!”

When I came to my senses I realized that I was on a platform.

The smell of stage equipment and air conditioning.

“…under.”

It was the day Testa received the grand prize.
