---
title: "Chapter 321"
category: "book"
index: 320
section: "Chapter 321"
slug: "321"
---

# Chapter 321

The noise of people under the stage the noise of the equipment and the swaying lights of the light stick enliven the five senses.

I’m back.

“…”

Someone grabs my shoulder. When I turn my head I see Keun Se-jin and the faces standing around him.

This kid is smiling but his hands are tense. I guess it was this guy who called me earlier.

‘I guess I stumbled.’

When Azusa debuted I remember almost fainting when I saw the first confirmation of the truth.

It may have been a similar situation but the difference in how much time I felt was very big.

I quickly glanced at the faces of those standing behind me.

‘It’s been a while.’

From Ryu Cheong-woo to Bae Se-jin on the outskirts. Actually I met Bae Se-jin a few days ago but I was surprised at how different his impression was from the guy he was when he debuted.

‘I’ve seen it for a long time.’

It’s been 4 years.

As students it’s like we all graduated from the same high school and went to college together.

I came this far by unintentionally forming a team with six strangers who were my age. It’s a rare experience.

However I have the irrational thought that even if I had chosen the team myself with the status window and my own eyes I would not have been able to put together a better team.

It was a strange thing.

I laughed inwardly when I saw Kim Rae-bin’s pupils twitching.

‘It’s just as you said.’

-Although we did not meet for social purposes I believe that true solidarity can grow within it!

There is more to this sentiment than just wanting to keep doing it because I am getting good grades.

And the same goes for the light sticks waving in front of it.

I nodded slightly to the guys standing behind me and then turned back to the front.

People who support Testa.

And I am the one standing in front of Testa’s Parkmun-daero.

Even after going through all those situations the conclusion is still that.

“…”

This won’t work. Maybe it’s because of what I heard in the image world just before but my head feels very emotional.

‘I’m embarrassed.’

It was then.

Suddenly I noticed text popping up on the teleprompter.

-Please share your thoughts quickly.

“…!”

Yes my thoughts.

I came to my senses. It brought my head back to reality that I had something to do right now.

I was frozen for roughly 34 seconds. There is already a fuss about cutting off the procrastinating speech time at every award ceremony.

‘Still I hope you understand because this is the first person to receive fair grades.’

I chuckled and grabbed the microphone.

“Did I stall too much? sorry. “I’m nervous.”

A small laugh erupts from the audience.

I don’t think it was a funny remark… Well let’s just say it was accepted as a good thing.

“When I look back on the moments I spent working as a Testa it feels like it was a very long time and it also feels like I debuted just yesterday.”

I took a moment to catch my breath and then spoke again.

“That was also the moment when I decided to aspire to become an idol.”

This is a journey that began because of an unexpected threat of sudden death.

“Honestly as an outsider I had no confidence or expectations about how far I could go. “I just said I could do it so I came on the program.”

If I hadn’t been threatened with sudden death I wouldn’t have even thought about doing it. but…

Just before I came to my senses I remembered what I said to Geoldal.

-I didn’t know I wanted to be an idol but I guess I did.

I could imagine very specifically the perspective of the person taking pictures of me under this podium avoiding security.

Because I’ve tried it a lot.

And at that time I didn’t bother to trace the cause of my satisfaction. Because I couldn’t even imagine going beyond that perspective and seeing the sight directly from the stage.

“But after meeting these members and meeting the fans Testa has come this far.”

However if standing on stage in person is more truthful and stimulating than watching it from the audience.

That means… what I did as Data Pal was precisely for vicarious satisfaction.

And if you think that the taste of mulberry will get bigger because you think that the fact that I found this real pleasure and did well is actually thanks to my ‘unlimited potential’…you are mistaken.

‘It’s too much.’

A lot of variables came into play. And it wasn’t just me who moved the variable.

Because idols are groups.

“Regardless of this award I think I did very well to challenge myself as an idol at that time… I’m very happy.”

I never thought such embarrassing words would come out of my mouth but what can I do if everyone doesn’t understand?

“I believe the members will do the same.”

I put my arm around Seon Ah-hyun who was standing next to me.

“…!”

‘…He looks like he’s freaked out?’

I thought I would naturally accept it because I was in a bad mood but I almost got embarrassed.

Still he didn’t look unpleasant so I looked around and said what I wanted to say.

“thank you.”

“…”

Then a strange expression as if they were in tears began to spread across their faces and something like a game ceremony naturally began to occur.

Encouragement and a sense of accomplishment for working hard.

‘oh my god.’

In the audience cheering sticks shake like crazy and cheers ring out.

I accepted being one of seven professional people embracing each other.

And I also thought of another person.

‘Did you get in safely?’

I finished the last sentence between my arms thinking of the guy who was probably watching on TV.

“Thank you so much for allowing me to receive the award.”

It was a general expression of gratitude.

* * *

A fanfare was made to quickly end the remarks and leave the room and we moved to the backstage holding the trophy.

As soon as the awards are over our stage continues after a short preparation time.

This is probably why the first target was placed that way.

I thought silently as I moved around still holding the trophy.

‘I guess I’ll have to give up the grand prize at the next awards ceremony.’

This is because when my senses returned I realized that I had been too stubborn.

‘I think it was said but next time I’ll make those who haven’t given their opinion prepare separately… ’

But I couldn’t keep calculating. This is because an urgent question came before I even arrived at the transfer site.

First of all it’s a big hit.

“Park Moon-dae are you okay?”

“…?”

“You almost fell. If you’re not feeling well tell me. “Let’s leave some painkillers and leave.”

That’s why you grabbed my shoulder. I understood his actions.

‘Let’s start by understanding the situation to what extent it was.’

“I almost fell?”

“I thought I was going to collapse…”

Sun Ah-hyun muttered with a bright red face. It looks like he stumbled more grandiosely than expected.

‘this.’

I’ll have to see if this excuse works. First I sighed and rubbed the back of my neck.

“sorry. Since it’s my first target… I can’t remember what I’m going to say and I think it’s because I’m nervous.”

“…You said you did it because you were nervous?”

“you…?”

Why are these guys so suspicious?

I answered as calmly as I could.

“sure.”

“Stop for a moment.”

“Manager please give me a thermometer!”

Doubts poured down like a bombardment. I think you know roughly what my impressions have been.

I raised both hands.

“It’s true that I’m fine. “It’s just that… I really like it.”

I chuckled as I looked around at each and every one of their faces who seemed even a little shocked.

“Because it’s the first target. “I know I’d be thrilled too.”

“Park Moon-dae…”

The astonishment disappears and warmth fills the air. Since everyone will have their first target I thought this would work.

“…okay. “It could be so.”

“It may be late but I think it was a really great acceptance speech!”

good. All the weak-hearted people have passed.

‘…Well actually it wasn’t a lie.’

Because it’s true that I felt good. I handed over the trophy to the guys who were in a great mood.

“Let’s do our best next year too.”

“Ugh!”

“Good!”

Liu Chengyu seemed to enjoy this atmosphere with a look of satisfaction over teamwork and ended his speech in a gentle manner.

“I’m still going to take your temperature.”

“…”

Do whatever you want.

As I changed into my costume I was diagnosed with a normal body temperature. It’s absurd but it feels like I’ve overcome one hurdle.

“13 minutes left~”

But at the same time I realized the real problem.

‘Holy shit.’

I racked my brain and eventually stabbed Sun Ah-hyun.

“Ahyeon.”

“Uh huh?”

And he said quietly.

“I can quickly check the revised choreography this time…”

“Why can’t I suddenly remember the choreography?”

A quick-witted bastard.

“…I felt relaxed after the speech so I decided to check it out.”

“Ah I see.”

It’s not a lie.

‘That’s because I haven’t sung let alone danced for a few days you bastard… ’

Ryu Geon-woo has a year-end one-time modified choreography that he practiced for exactly a week right before entering the body and he will be using it now.

I’m in a cold sweat because I’m afraid I won’t remember anything properly on stage.

“Anyway check.”

“Ugh! Let’s do it right away…!”

Fortunately perhaps because we didn’t have time the choreography lesson started right away instead of other conversations.

As the two dance lines joined together the angle became clear in an instant.

“Kick and spin here… hit your toe with the pointer and go over…”

“Mundae was half a beat faster be careful!”

“okay.”

“I know the choreography best. “Can you tell me?”

“Eujin shall we go and get some drinks?”

So with the help of others I completely re-mastered the choreography in 3 minutes.

Living alone was comfortable but the taste of being around other people wasn’t that bad.

* * *

This evening the prestigious music awards ceremony is being broadcast for the first time at the end of this year.

-Park Moon-dae I think I almost collapsed just now.

-Gwanjong haha.

-Isn’t the schedule too much to ask? I think there are aftereffects from that accident. I need to be careful.

-I think he’s just thrilled but look at him running away like a pack of dogs.

Twin Homma an office worker who took pictures of Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae clicked his tongue as he looked at the real-time comments showing people’s expectations for humanity disappearing.

But this kind of thing happened all the time and she was more concerned about something different.

‘I can’t believe he made such an emotional comment.’

Park Moon-dae has handled everything rationally so far but this time he acted as if he couldn’t bear to feel overwhelmed.

Before the acceptance speech I was speechless stumbled around looked back at the members had a long editorial… I did all the things I normally wouldn’t do.

I don’t know if there is a story or if the object was that meaningful…

‘Well it wasn’t bad.’

Twin Homma nodded wondering why Lee Se-jin gave in to Park Moon-dae.

Since Park Moon-dae has a calm image to the public that makes him look like he’s in the 4th dimension even shaking once like this would be seen as a charm rather than an annoyance.

It was no different from showing the public a scene with a similar effect to crying at a concert.

In fact by the time Park Moon-dae’s speech ended the response to comments had changed quite a bit.

-It’s a bit touching.

-Park Moon-dae what’s going on with the real Offer City?

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Testa you’ve had a hard time so far…

-You’re right you’re thrilled you bastards.

Moreover even the last action seems to confirm the members’ affection for the team.

It seems that there was something about that series of flows that stimulated people’s hearts.

‘This works well.’

It wasn’t for nothing that a collection of reactions from a singer who won first place on a music show for the first time since his debut was floating around on WeTube.

People love it when a star falls but they also love it when a star is overcome with emotion.

Testa’s emotions were raw just to suit the tastes of such people.

Twin Homma nodded quite satisfied.

‘Well done.’

Park Moon-dae had not particularly calculated such a thing and was expecting a very negative response.

In any case contrary to my expectations Testa’s thoughts on receiving the award were expected to be successful and a moving speech.

Awards season has only just begun.

And this season there was going to be a lot of Testa.
