---
title: "Chapter 322"
category: "book"
index: 321
section: "Chapter 322"
slug: "322"
---

# Chapter 322

A few days later.

Testa’s stage clip was posted on the official WeTube channel of the music company that hosted the first awards ceremony of the year.

This is the stage that was performed immediately after the first grand prize of the year.

[Whee-ik!]

Water and light erupt from a simple underwater device used as a concert stage supported by spectacular choreography.

Fans who watched the concert said ‘Isn’t that cool? I was excited and said ‘I liked the concert better than that one’ and tried to create a business-worthy stage and that’s what happened.

Of course it ranked among the most popular videos in real time.

[(RMA) TeSTAR | Intro + Promise Live Performance]

Of course VTIC’s performance was also ranked but who cares whether they are waving capes or riding boats.

My first performance in a while was so impressive that it took up all my brain capacity.

I held back a sigh.

‘It was a good thing I didn’t make a fuss.’

In the nick of time my body remembered and I lived. I almost made a choreography mistake on stage after the first grand prize.

‘From there it’s a disaster.’

Strangely enough the reaction to my acceptance speech was ridiculously better than expected…

If you do that on stage excuses like ‘I did it because I was moved’ will be the end.

It’s as simple as whether you have professionalism or not.

But that didn’t happen and what was left instead was… a few needlessly intense close-ups.

[Sailing Island in the Sky

We fly so far!]

“Oh~ Mundae hyung Smile~”

“…”

I admit it. I was a little excited.

The thumbnail of the comment collection that appeared as a recommended video earlier was a sight to behold.

-Mundaengdaeng is 100% happy hahaha.

-I know that ganggeolji that goes out for a walk has that kind of expression.

-Tibetan concentration zero hyper pure dog state

I looked at a close-up of myself smiling and turned off the screen without saying a word.

“What the…! “I’m watching!”

Don’t talk like the guy who popped out while brushing his teeth was watching.

I changed the screen to a Magical Girl cover stage and Cha Yu-jin ran away.

“Brother this is too much!”

If you feel unfair next time just grab the remote control first.

When I saw that Cha Yu-jin had gone back to the bathroom I was about to turn off the screen and inadvertently noticed the Tea Holic guys standing in the background of the Magical Girl performance.

[Flying magic Heart bullet!]

eyes are out of focus Their overwhelmed expressions were perfect for creating a sick atmosphere.

‘Now that I think about it I think they also sent congratulatory messages for the target.”

I opened my smartphone and looked at the contents.

I’m not as good as the guy who managed messages and calls to the point that his smartphone was drained as soon as he got home on the day of the awards ceremony but I got a decent amount of them.

After winning the grand prize I received calls from all kinds of people from Younglin to an entertainer I saw on a variety show so I’m sure they sent me too…

[Listen to us Testa we have enough grand prize trophies to win one each. I hope you will continue to treat us as seniors.]

[Please]

[Of course I didn’t actually get it. It’s probably in the company president’s office.]

Did these bastards even open a new group message room just to send this?

In addition there was even a personal message asking if it would be okay to post the screenshot on their entertainment SNS.

‘I work hard to live.’

It wasn’t for no reason that I stayed on the entertainment route for so long until my prime was over.

I politely replied ‘I don’t mind posting it but if a controversy arises just deal with it yourself.’

There will be no problem as long as you reply to other minor details in a reasonably polite manner.

It was then.

“No why is Moon Dae-moon doing a punishment stage… Oh T-holic senior~”

In these cases the most perceptive person puts his head to the smartphone.

‘This bastard is losing privacy more and more.’

However there was no need to cover the screen. Because dealing with T-holic is like work.

But I guess that wasn’t the main point of this guy. Big Sejin grinned and sat down on the sofa.

“As expected of you T-Holic senior~ KakaoTalk also has a room! Um by the way what do other seniors say?”

There is no need to ask who it is. I’m talking about a senior who narrowly missed out on the first Singer of the Year award.

VTIC.

So it was natural for this guy to be curious.

‘It’s even funnier if you send reactions to all kinds of awards and then keep your mouth shut here.’

Of course VTIC showed off their health by winning the ‘Album of the Year Award’ at the finale.

And I think we’ll probably be nominated for the Singer of the Year award at about half of the awards ceremonies that follow.

‘But if I kept going and got it taken away I’d feel bad.’

We may no longer do things like send friendly messages one-sidedly.

“What did they say to you?”

“Just say congratulations. But we can recognize nuance too~ So I was just wondering how you sent it to the other members!”

How clumsy?

It means that they are curious about whether there is any trace of restraint. I chuckled and closed the message windows one by one to organize them.

And eventually I found a message from a VTIC member.

But… the content was not a celebration.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Do you have something to say now?]

Ah this.

‘I got the mood.’

We’ve been talking since November and he seemed to have a clue after seeing my impressions during my grand prize.

‘This bastard has been waiting.’

At that time I hear a quiet muttering next to me.

“…What should I say?”

I see. From my perspective and knowing that my relationship with Cheongryeo is very bad this seems almost like a fight.

‘I thought you were fighting over whether you had anything to say.’

Of course it is true that our relationship was dirty. So excuses come out easily.

“Ah we almost fought over the object again.”

“what??”

“It’s nothing else it’s just an argument. “I’m sure the winner will be announced over the phone in a little while.”

I waved my hand.

“You bastard can’t win against me. “Because I have a recording.”

“…Moondae is amazing. amazing.”

Big Sejin shakes his head as if he is fed up. Okay if we change the topic as is…

“Give it to me. “Brother Sejin will listen and tell you who won.”

Wow.

“I’ll be polite when I call so don’t worry. “There won’t be an incident like last time.”

If you remember the recording incident in Chaeseodam it is not unreasonable for this guy to come out like this.

But Big Sejin frowned.

“Who cares about that? No I’m worried about that too… Um Park Moon-dae is strange these days.”

“…”

hmm.

“I feel like I forgot the choreography and when I sing my part I feel like I’m doing something strangely different and then I get the hang of it…”

no way.

While I remained silent Big Sejin finished his sentence.

“Did you secretly do some NIS mission?”

“…”

Look at your imagination.

I looked at him as if I was dumbfounded but Big Sejin was just smiling.

“I practice and schedule every day but where is the time for that?”

“dawn? Oh wait. “Cheongwoo is a morning person again so it’s really going to work out right?”

“Don’t talk nonsense.”

“The University of Arts also caught Ravin composing early in the morning. By any chance~? “Did you see it when you were leaving the house?”

Is this guy kidding me?

However even though he is talking bullshit with his mouth there is an awareness on his face that he is talking bullshit.

I know there’s something going on but you’re trying to cover it up as a joke.

“…”

I said while holding back a sigh.

“You said you would when you can talk.”

“…!”

“It’s nothing serious and everything is being resolved well.”

He continued speaking slowly.

“Of course it is not the National Intelligence Service. It’s just a personal matter. “There is no problem with Testa.”

“…I know.”

Big Sejin sighed and then smiled bitterly.

“sorry. We had a lot of work to do. So I tried it because I was wondering if you were in a difficult situation and couldn’t say anything.”

It seems like honest sincerity.

I thought briefly but then answered equally honestly.

“I’ll tell you if I’m in trouble.”

“Is it true?”

okay.

When I nodded Big Sejin immediately erased his bitter smile. Then he tapped my shoulder and got up from the sofa.

“okay. I believe in Mundaemundae~”

The guy dragged Cha Yu-jin who came out just in time to the kitchen.

“after.”

I leaned back on the sofa.

‘I don’t know how long this medicine will last.’

However it is crazy to talk about such an absurd situation and ask people to believe it. It’s not for nothing that I kept my mouth shut until now.

‘Something like this happens because we work well as a group for a long time.’

It’s difficult to hide something. Especially for quick-witted guys.

Even to some extent… I just want to say it.

‘Is there no other way?’

Let’s make a separate plan for this in the future and do what needs to be done now.

I went out onto the veranda and made a phone call.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

After a fairly long call tone the connection tone was cut off. And then I heard a muffled voice.

-Um… junior.

Did you wake up? That won’t work.

I immediately typed out my lines for recording.

“Did I wake you up while you were sleeping? sorry.”

-no. I have an early morning schedule… um.

Cheongryeo was silent for a moment and then answered in a normal voice.

-are you okay.

I haven’t been eating Jjambap for decades for no reason. It seems that he has completely adapted to his irregular life pattern.

-So why did you contact me?

I could sense anticipation in his tone of voice. I answered calmly.

“I have something to say. “Just as you messaged me.”

-Ah finally.

Cheongnyeo’s voice is powerful.

-how is it? I think I came back well.

“I’m fine. “There was no problem and I received the grand prize.”

-is it so. Congratulations on your first grand prize. I hope you enjoy this moment.

It means you won’t be able to enjoy it in the future.

I thought of a rebuttal like ‘I really wish you would do that’ and then deleted it.

It wasn’t the time. Instead I went straight to the point.

“thank you. “Then may I ask what happened to the call you made then?”

Because this guy decided to make a confirmation call to Ryu Geon-woo’s body as well.

-Ah… that person.

Cheongryeo answered casually.

-I tried contacting you on that cell phone a few times. But… they always say that the phone is turned off.

“…”

what?

“So what are you up to?”

-yes? haha. Junior. How would I know such a thing? It’s just that I don’t answer the phone.

“…”

Damn this…

-I was scheduled to leave the country the very next day. How can you find time to find out about domestic affairs during a concert?

“…yes.”

Yes that is a reasonable statement.

But hearing it from the mouth of the guy who dug up the address of the officetel all by himself I feel like I got screwed.

‘after’

I pressed my temples.

Why did I immediately try to find out the whereabouts of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’s body from this bastard?

It’s still the original Park Mun-dae… That’s because no text message was sent to ‘Keundal’.

I lifted the recipient restriction to receive it but only all kinds of spam and stalkerish messages poured in.

‘hmm.’

I thought it would be better to wait until I wanted to contact him. Since you have just passed level 7 there will be a lot of work to do.

Still I thought this guy would definitely contact me… but he hasn’t contacted me for several days even after I received the grand prize.

It didn’t feel very good.

‘Back then… he definitely said that.’

-Well… I’ll use it well for a while…

Why was the period limited? Of course I knew the address of his officetel. If you have any trouble you can just go there.

‘Of course there are methods that can be used before that.’

Hang up the phone first.

“All right. “I hope you sleep well then.”

-Wait a minute. Is that the end?

“yes?”

What does this mean again?

-I thought you were going to give me an impression or something.

…I think he’s saying he’s a little upset but this bastard is… upset?

“…”

It doesn’t suit me in a creepy way… but in my own way… I did listen to Ryu Geon-woo’s advice when I was in his body.

I can’t deny it. This guy is also an official now.

I ended up backtracking.

“I don’t think this is something we should talk about over the phone. Let’s meet next time.”

-Um… I see. great.

I never thought the day would come when I would be able to make a leisurely social appointment with this bastard.

I ended the call with a shocked feeling.

However the screen did not turn off. Instead I immediately manipulated the screen and pressed the ‘text’ icon again. Then I opened the box to compose a new text message.

‘I’m not stupid.’

Of course I had at least roughly memorized ‘Ryu Geon-woo’s number.

All you have to do is contact me.

‘I guess I can put in two or three confusing numbers and write the content so that only this guy reacts.’

It was the moment I entered the number I remembered and even wrote ‘Big Moon why haven’t you heard from me? The last time I saw you was in November.’

“Mundae!”

“…!”

I learned a lesson from the big situation and closed my smartphone.

When I turned my head I saw Liu Chengwu walking from the hallway waving his hand outside the veranda door.

“Are you busy now? Or I was wondering if I could go to work with you for a while.”

Less calm than usual. It seems like there is some urgent news.

It would look suspicious if I turned this down during recess.

“yes. “But what’s going on?”

“I’ll tell you once I get there.”

Liu Chengwu opened the veranda door and urged me. This is also rare.

‘It seems like you’re really in a hurry.’

I hesitantly picked up my coat and followed him out the front door. I planned to continue writing down the text I had written when I got in the car.

But the moment I sat in the front seat and saw Liu Chengwu operating the navigation system.

I knew something was strange.

“brother.”

“huh?”

“Isn’t that the company there?”

“ah. for a moment.”

The car started. The car driven by Liu Chengwu left the underground parking lot and left the complex in an instant.

And with a smile on his face Liu Chengwu opened his mouth again.

“Mundae. “The person you asked me to look for.”

“…?”

Why is that story coming out right now?

“I got a call from the door saying they found it.”

“…!”

“I mean Ryu Geon-woo.”

what?

Liu Chengyu lowered his voice slightly.

“They said he was a level 7 civil servant. “I think his whereabouts were unclear because he was studying for an exam.”

“…”

“I guess I got in touch with you now that you passed the exam.”

I suddenly had an ominous feeling. I barely opened my mouth.

“No way now…”

Liu Chengwu grinned.

“that’s right. So now we are on our way to meet him.”

“…!!”

“Anyway I have a car and I’d like to meet you in person… Moon Dae-ya?”

Ah… Damn it.

Suddenly Ryu Cheong-woo and Ryu Geon-woo’s body Park Moon-dae ended up meeting together.
