---
title: "Chapter 323"
category: "book"
index: 322
section: "Chapter 323"
slug: "323"
---

# Chapter 323

Park Moon-dae goes to meet Ryu Geon-woo with Ryu Cheong-woo…

“Mundae are you really surprised? are you okay?”

“it’s okay.”

What kind of person can get to this point in an instant? I pressed my eyelids to keep from fluttering.

So… Ryu Cheng-wu has now come and found Ryu Geon-wu’s whereabouts. Okay start with this.

“I was a little surprised. “I’m curious as to how you suddenly contacted me.”

“yes? “So did I.”

No your reasons and mine may be different but anyway Liu Chengwu smiled and continued his explanation.

“One of the grandsons from my eldest family contacted me after meeting him at the Seoul City Civil Servant Training Center.”

“I guess there are a lot of people in the family who remember me.”

Well… I don’t think it’s just that there were a lot of people who remembered it.

Isn’t it true that the elders of the family who were dying of laughter at the words of Ryu Cheong-woo a former national team gold medalist and current Daesang idol called out to everyone and asked about him?

‘It’s worth it.’

The title alone is a lethal dose of soup but the double title is eye-popping.

Therefore Ryu Geon-woo was arrested as soon as he began his social life.

Regardless of the situation I understood the logic. So I nodded silently.

‘But how do you drive this car?’

The day that guy notices something strange between me and Park Moon-dae in Ryu Geon-woo’s body I’ll be booked into a mental hospital. I shook my head furiously.

At best Ryu Cheong-woo should just drop me in front of Ryu Geon-woo and turn the car around to let me out…

“Sorry. I guess I was just too excited and made it a surprise. “Something like this may require mental preparation.”

You make up excuses for yourself. I answered earnestly trying not to offend.

“Well I’m grateful but I’m nervous and dazed so I’m a little worried about whether I’ll be able to have a proper conversation. “Why don’t we go back today?”

It’s stupid to ask someone to find you when they talk about the price of your life and then immediately say things like ‘I changed my mind and don’t want to meet you anymore.’

‘Take your time and turn it gently.’

However Liu Chengwu opened his mouth with a worried expression.

“okay? “Except for today it will be difficult to find a date to meet for a while… After the awards ceremony there will be a tour.”

Damn it.

“Hmm… I guess I’ll have to find time somehow.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“Don’t worry too much. “Because I have a license… I can at least give you a ride to work secretly for a little while.”

“…”

“Mundae you don’t have a license.”

“…That’s right. thank you.”

I’m going crazy.

‘after… ’

Now that this guy already knows it’s hard to wipe his mouth and meet Ryu Geon-woo separately.

However if this guy even created a position for you but he refuses and whines that you should find out his contact information and hand it over it could be an emotional issue.

‘I think he changed his attitude after turning the door upside down and finding him.’

I even think that it might be best to just get in this car and see it today. I looked into various cases.

And concluded.

“If you’re really nervous let’s call it a day and I’ll tell the company and take some time…”

“no. “I’ll try to calm down while we go.”

“Um okay.”

Let’s not make things bigger. The moment you tell the story to the company it may be leaked to officials or reporters and then it becomes a real mess.

‘There are already a lot of people who are interested in Park Moon-dae’s past history.’

Although Ryu Geon-woo is an ordinary person he is a relative of Ryu Cheng-wu. I can’t guarantee that there won’t be someone who inquires about your financial situation or family circumstances.

“…”

Yeah fuck it. decided. I’m going now.

Now that the situation had come to this I tried to smile. This is because if the facial expression looks like trash it is more suspicious.

“Anyway… thank you very much. “It’s a bit surprising and my heart is pounding.”

In many senses.

“haha. okay. “I have some time so I’ll take my time.”

In order to get rid of this guy before meeting with Ryu Geon-woo I tried to get him to drop out by saying ‘You can get off and go’ but…

“Well how do I get back?”

I just kept my mouth shut.

If you don’t want to talk to the company you can’t call the manager. If you take a call taxi there will only be eyewitness accounts.

‘Either way Ryu Cheong-woo is better than that in terms of security… ’

Let’s give up. It’s as easy as a lie. Let’s do our thing.

I erased the text I had written about two or three candidate numbers for ‘Big Moon’. I don’t want Liu Chengwu to find any records left when exchanging phone calls.

‘For now I’ll just pretend to exchange numbers and then quickly break up.’

I came up with a few scenarios but for some reason I couldn’t help but feel a pull in my back.

And slowly realistic questions arise.

“But… did you have an appointment with him?”

“huh?”

Liu Chengwu shrugged his shoulders.

“I also received a call. “A relative who went to the training center with me said ‘There’s someone I want to meet. Can I see your face for a moment?’ and you said okay?”

what?

* * *

A little later a training center on the outskirts of Seoul.

People who had just finished today’s training poured out the door.

Because the training was hastily scheduled only in Seoul due to an appointment issue there is no training camp schedule and only the commuting schedule is being carried out… It’s none of my business as I couldn’t even join the program.

What’s important is that ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ was actually in the restaurant room next to it.

‘This bastard.’

Amazing. There was no need to doubt that there was no way I could be fooled by the flimsy statement ‘There is someone who wants to meet you.’

It’s a good catch.

“Uh um hello.”

Looking at that reaction I guess what’s inside is ‘big moon’. I was convinced as I listened to the guy’s tone that made me break out in a cold sweat.

It’s true that I’m angry but I also feel relieved.

After seeing this guy in the image world I thought I would feel a similar sense of discomfort when I saw him in real life but that wasn’t the case.

On the contrary since this is my first time seeing this guy move Ryu Geon-woo’s body in person I feel a new emotion.

This is probably how you would feel if you had a younger sibling.

“Are you here to see me…?”

Yes bastard. Let’s find out why he keeps making such suspicious promises even though his limbs are fine but he hasn’t contacted me.

Since I couldn’t say that I just calmly lowered my head.

“hello. brother.”

“Yes yes?”

“You remember me. “This is Park Moon-dae who my brother helped me with.”

Get your words right. a little.

The big moon looked at me and Ryu Cheong-wu quickly and immediately answered as if an exclamation point was floating above its head.

“Ah ah~ Mundae… that’s it!”

“…yes.”

It’s ruined. This guy has no acting talent.

However Ryu Cheong-wu looked a bit puzzled but he smiled and greeted her perhaps because he was embarrassed.

“I was also surprised to hear that I had a relative who helped Moon Dae a lot. “Thank you for meeting me like this.”

Considering that many difficult situations can arise in our profession I think we will continue to sit with our butts crushed.

In fact this guy is a relative of Ryu Geon-woo and a classmate at the Park Moon University training camp so there is nothing to criticize even if he sits there.

‘On the contrary my feelings might be hurt if I send him out.’

If you feel like the atmosphere has calmed down enough you will probably leave on your own. Until then there is nothing much to do. I looked at it with mixed feelings.

“Thank you…! What did I do? I would rather say Geon-woo… hmm.”

And you knew it would be like this. I immediately changed the subject.

“Let’s eat first.”

“Oh then. What do you think of it Geonwoo? Oh is it okay for me to call you this?”

“…yes.”

It’s ruined. I was planning on having some tea and leaving quickly but they’re even ordering food.

My stomach hurt when I saw Liu Chengwu ordering a course meal. There was already a long way to cover.

‘Damn it.’

…and an hour later.

While I finished eating the whole thing and delving into the main course Peking duck I could hear Keoldal’s remarks more than five times.

“…”

It’s a new record in itself.

‘I guessed it.’

At this point inertia has developed. In fact Big Moon wasn’t that careless. While Ryu Cheong-woo keeps trying to lighten the mood he inadvertently uses the wrong name every now and then.

For example this is the story when explaining how Park Moon-dae and Ryu Geon-woo met.

-Oh he really bought me a meal and gave me a lot of advice even though I was meeting him for the first time…

-My brother did it for me. I still remember it well.

It’s like this. It was close.

Keudal tried to speak as consciously as possible of our bodies that were reversed from his position but it is not easy for a guy who only studied for four years to do that while eating.

For reference the time I ate Dongpo Pork right before was the best.

-At that time Geonwoo hyung… ugh.

I made a mistake with the title.

I won’t lie. Here I also broke into a cold sweat.

-… yes. I said ‘Geonwoo helped me a lot. Thank you.’

-…

Honestly I thought I was screwed.

However Liu Chengwu only answered quite gently.

-Oh I see.

And after a while he lowered his voice and whispered to me.

‘I guess it’s a bit difficult for you to talk too much since you’ve been studying for so long. ‘I’ll restrain myself.’

‘…’

Ryu Cheong-wu made up another excuse after tea. He was a sincere person who tried to understand others.

‘I see. Let’s finish it quickly.’

I quickly took it and ate it to survive.

And now just before the meals finally arrive.

“I’m going to talk on the phone for a moment.”

“yes!”

Liu Chengwu left.

widely.

The moment the door closed I saw the guy across from me sigh.

“phew…”

You worked hard.

I crossed my arms and looked at the guy in front of me. The guy is looking down as if he knows his mistake.

“…”

“…”

good. There are no signs of popularity around.

I relaxed my arms opened my mouth and got to the point.

“Why didn’t you contact me?”

The limbs look fine. The calculations become complicated as I wonder if another problem has occurred.

However the guy across from me was startled.

“I did it…! “I did it!”

what?

“I was trying to contact you separately when you didn’t contact me at all. What are you talking about?”

“Uh I thought this was that contact… Oh no. First of all I…”

Geoldal answered with a very resentful expression.

“I texted you right away when I saw you win the award…”

“…”

for a moment. I checked once.

“Right after watching the live broadcast?”

“Yes… I didn’t hear a reply so I waited because I thought you were busy.”

hey.

“I… told you to contact me after the awards ceremony.”

“yes??”

The blank expression on his face asks if that’s what it is. I said pressing my head.

“All numbers that are not in my directory are blocked but I don’t have time to look at my smartphone while I’m working at the awards ceremony so I can’t change the settings.”

“…! Ugh.”

This text was filtered out like countless other texts that came at the same time as the award. The big moon hit its head.

“sorry…!”

“That’s it.”

It was my fault for not explaining the reason in detail. I held back a sigh.

“And if someone I don’t know creates this kind of situation ask for more details.”

I don’t know what kind of guts they had to accept such suspicious words.

The guy across from me muttered in a dejected voice.

“No… I thought this was some sort of sign from my brother to me.”

“sine?”

“Like 007. I thought you contacted me like this because it was the same ‘Ryu’…Because one of the members is Ryu Cheong-woo…”

“…”

He has a really rich imagination. But surprisingly it gets to the point so it’s funny.

I chuckled.

“okay. I got it right this time. “It means be careful from now on.”

“yes!”

It’s a strange feeling to see Ryu Geon-woo’s proud expression on his face. It’s because it doesn’t look like me more than I expected.

‘Does the impression change this much depending on who is inside?’

I hesitantly admitted it and then passed the topic.

This is the most urgent topic.

“And the most important thing to worry about now is to be careful what you say so as not to get caught.”

“Ugh. yes…”

I lower my head probably feeling frustrated myself.

“Actually this situation is partly my fault for asking Liu Chengwu to find out the whereabouts of my body. So don’t worry too much. “I will continue to cover it.”

However he explained that he should avoid giving long answers and keep his answers short by saying things like “I’m tired from the training.”

The guy nodded with sincerity. I think I understood it well.

I also gave myself a task.

“I will handle the topic well from now on so that only our past becomes a hot topic.”

The guy across from me brightened his eyes.

“Oh then should we talk about Testa instead?”

“But it’s okay.”

“Hmm if that’s the case we can really start talking about our debut.”

Me indeed.

He seemed to be a little relaxed so his shoulders slumped slightly. I handed over a few pieces of the remaining Peking duck in the calm atmosphere of the room.

“Answer slowly while eating.”

“yes!”

However apart from the calming atmosphere there are thoughts that naturally connect with the topic of debut.

The experience of the mental world where the scene from the teaser for our debut song Magical Boy was displayed on the veranda window.

That guy’s comment there bothered me.

“…”

I slowly opened my mouth.

“I mean you.”

“yes!”

“…Last time I said I would take care of you for a while. Are you planning on getting out of that body any time soon?”

“…”

“There’s no need for that.”

The face which had previously shown expressions such as confusion and joy became slightly stiff. Instead a strange expression that appears slightly less human appears on his face.

It’s the same feeling I saw in the world of images. I kept my mouth shut.

His answer came without hesitation.

“I need it.”

what?

“But that’s not what I think.”

“…then.”

“The last date of my life as a human being has been decided.”

The day this guy fell off the railing and made a wish on the system.

“That’s next summer.”

“…”

“So the date I can use this body is… until next summer.”

Holy shit.
