---
title: "Chapter 325"
category: "book"
index: 324
section: "Chapter 325"
slug: "325"
---

# Chapter 325

KPOP. A new word that mainly refers to Korean idol music.

In fact it is not a name given by Korea itself.

‘I think it’s probably been talked about in foreign countries since the days of the Korean Wave.’

So if the new mission is to ‘break KPOP records’ isn’t there a high probability that only records that are well known abroad will be recognized?

I asked the status window via text message to confirm.

[I’ve never thought of it that way but I guess it’s true.]

It couldn’t have been a random record that worked but it wasn’t renewed because I asked about it.

I closed my smartphone with a feeling of discomfort.

After returning home I am now sitting on the bed in my room.

Are you going to sleep? You must go to the practice room as soon as the completed special stage choreography arrives. Because the end of the year is not such an easy season.

And my roommate who was also waiting on his bed opened his mouth.

“If you have to break a record you end up having to do better than everyone before you.”

“Of course.”

From the car he said ‘I’ll think about it’ and it seemed like he was really thinking about it. He is truly a sincere guy.

The words that followed were typical of his personality.

“How about trying a new evaluation item that was recently created? “It’s easy for new items to create records.”

It was indeed a realistic statement befitting someone who has competed as an athlete. I cracked my jaw.

“Let me take a look. First of all in Asia the record is acceptable…”

VTIC ate it all. Fuck you.

“haha. “Your seniors worked hard right?”

“yes.”

It really was. All records have already been set including the million-seller dome tour which has been number one for several tens of weeks.

In fact while Testa mainly focused on securing a domestic presence VTIC even solidified its global presence… so it can be said that it scraped by.

“It’s the same in South America.”

“okay.”

Previously all the cities where the K-pop market was a hit had excellent records. Renewing this next summer is a reckless challenge with only one bullet.

And it is not necessarily the records of predecessors that are the only obstacle.

“Everyone is still working hard. “My grades are good too.”

If you look at it globally not only VTIC but also quite a few groups have better results than Testa.

Liu Chengwu also nodded as if he was remembering what he heard at the company briefing.

“Well it’s difficult. Even if you try your best to create a good performance there is no guarantee that the results will be good.”

The entertainment industry is like that.

“It’s a big question of timing and luck.”

“okay. “There are a lot of similarities but I think it’s a bit different from sports in this respect.”

Liu Chengyu laughed bitterly.

“I tried to break records even when I was an athlete but being a celebrity isn’t just about winning or losing… I think it’s very complicated because you have to win people’s hearts.”

“Sure.”

I nodded and Liu Chengyu seemed lost in thought.

The atmosphere flows into a deeper story than expected. It might be better to grab a little.

I briefly brought up the topic.

“After listening to it I’m curious about what records you attempted before.”

“huh? haha. It’s not a big deal it’s just a challenge for everyone. 3rd gold medal at the Asian Games World Championships Olympics. Those are the people who say they will try to do it as the youngest.”

“…”

3 gold?

I have no idea what Korean archery is all about.

‘Why do you talk about gold medals as if you won the local league?’

The ecosystem over there is beyond common sense.

“You are amazing.”

“It was a huge failure. “I wasn’t selected as a starter at the world championships.”

Liu Chengyu grinned as if he was a little embarrassed.

“But I still set the record for being the youngest person at the Olympics.”

“That’s great enough.”

“Haha it’s going to break soon again right? Many young people also made it to the finals…”

“…!”

for a moment. I think something comes to mind from those words.

‘The youngest.’

Suddenly a new path flashes in my mind.

‘…yes. That kind of approach is possible.’

Rather than simply aiming for the highest overall score it means subdividing the record items themselves into different directions.

Toward an item that ‘appears to be acceptable enough to be used externally’.

‘It came out good.’

I guess I’ll have to figure this out first. I nodded.

“Anyway I’ll think about your question some more. “I’m sorry I can’t tell you anything useful right now.”

“No thank you. “I think I got the hint.”

“…? okay? If so I’m glad.”

He looked like he wasn’t sure where he got it from but Ryu Chengwu just laughed it off.

I added just in case.

“You can rest assured that we will never consider doing anything detrimental to Testa’s common interests.”

“I never worried about that… okay.”

Liu Chengwu agreed to that much.

It’s no different from the reaction I showed last time when I said ‘I have to win the grand prize.’

“…”

Come to think of it that guy didn’t even ask me why I asked this until the end. It seemed like he guessed it would be burdensome.

‘Why are there all these guys?’

It was the same in the car as before. I too was unusually impressed by the situation so I just moved on and moved on…

Now that I think about it I wonder how this guy understands this situation.

‘He seemed like the type who didn’t believe in supernatural phenomena at all.’

Isn’t he the type of person who doesn’t even treat ghosts at all?

Even if there was some groundwork before isn’t it too unrealistic to just brush it off based on the trust he has experienced in Park Moon-dae?

‘It doesn’t look like he has another plan.’

I rubbed the back of my neck and just sighed.

Eh I don’t know. Let me just ask.

“brother.”

“huh?”

“Regarding what I said in the car earlier… I was wondering how you were so sure about my situation.”

“…”

“Honestly I think it seemed ridiculous.”

The proposition is ‘Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae have switched bodies.’

Liu Chengwu smiled awkwardly.

“Well actually I tried to think of other explanations… but they all left loopholes.”

“…”

“But at first I thought that the two of us were greatly influenced by each other and had a lot in common as one. “I thought I should take that into consideration and deal with it.”

I recalled how he suggested to me ‘You can speak comfortably.’

‘Is that why?’

But the explanation didn’t end there.

“Then today I met ‘Ryu Geon-woo’…and it was there that I realized that wasn’t the case.”

Liu Chengwu calmly concluded.

“The two are very different… as if they were swapped.”

“…”

“So like a flash of lightning I remembered what you said last time we were hiking.”

-It’s just… I just acted the way I did.

Liu Chengwu laughed.

“If you take that literally everything you’ve been wondering about will fall into place. cleanly.”

“…”

“Things like your knowledge and ability to cope with trauma. And the reactions of you and Mr. Ryu Geon-woo on that occasion.”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly.

“And why were you angry at me and avoiding me before… Same thing.”

“…”

“I understood it very well.”

That damn summer package.

I guess I had already put it into that category and wondered why I had a fit when I heard about my car accident.

I kept my mouth shut and Liu Chengyu continued speaking quietly.

“At that time it seemed like I understood you unilaterally… but in fact you also cared for me a lot. yes? Sorry.”

“…no.”

I barely answered.

“It is absolutely right for me to apologize.”

Liu Chengwu laughed it off.

“I guess stubbornness runs in the family.”

“…”

“Anyway that’s how I found out. Of course I still don’t know the principle… but it’s okay if I don’t. “You don’t necessarily have to listen to that.”

In the end this guy… exercised his instinctive judgment based on reason.

Since he was also such an easy-going guy the situation seemed to fit together well and flowed smoothly up to this point.

‘Besides hearing this the value of the information was particularly high.’

In the end I laughed too.

“I feel embarrassed because I always hear explanations without being able to explain them properly. thank you.”

“I said it’s okay.”

Liu Chengyu grinned but his expression soon changed as if something occurred to him.

“Well now that I think about it that wasn’t the end.”

“yes?”

What else is there?

“Actually… I unintentionally heard it myself.”

Liu Chengwu looked a little embarrassed.

“Earlier when I left the restaurant to talk on the phone I was standing outside the door to catch a moment before coming in…”

for a moment.

“…so maybe.”

“huh. “He very naturally called you brother.”

Was it confirmed there?

As expected the sad premonition is not wrong. I understand.

I felt a tug in my back from the situation I was worried about but it soon went away.

‘Anyway it worked out well.’

It’s like a phone call. I looked at Liu Chengwu once again.

And then he blurted out\:

“Thank you for your continued support.”

“Haha please take care of me.”

I suddenly created a helper that didn’t require me to hide my identity.

And not long after the door bursts open and other guys come in.

“Everyone~ The choreography is here~”

It’s practice time again.

“okay? for a moment.”

Liu Chengwu immediately stood up and spoke to me as if he were adding something.

“Let’s come back and continue talking about that KPOP record.”

“yes.”

I think I can think about it alone but unless I’m going to act alone I have to keep talking.

So I nodded obediently but the response came from another guy after Liu Chengwu left.

That’s a big deal.

“What is Moon Daemun University’s KPOP record?”

“We were discussing what our next goal should be.”

Anyone can see that this is a productive idea worth sharing with the leader.

“Oh~ It seems like you and Chungwoo have become a lot more comfortable after becoming roommates at Mundae?”

Big Sejin grinned. And then he deliberately pretends to cry.

“Hehehe just the two of you went out to have fun but Sejin feels so left out…”

This quick-witted bastard went out secretly. How did you know?

“What are you doing when you were talking on the phone with the entertainment MC at the time?”

“Hey when our main vocalist and best friend Moon Dae called I hung up and ran right away~”

He speaks naturally and without any saliva in his mouth.

I was about to hit the guy on the back but stopped when a thought occurred to me.

‘…Now that I think about it I said I would tell this guy if I could tell him about my situation.’

…You were already caught by Liu Chengwu first.

“…”

“Mundae?”

Do I have to voluntarily explain this to this guy?

But this… I haven’t been caught so I don’t know if it’s okay to say it out loud. Is the risk too big?

If you say something directly and fail to persuade it’s not like you can start over again.

Moreover this guy is the type of person who needs to hear everything from beginning to end as soon as he opens up about it.

When I think about explaining everything to a kid who doesn’t even know what a status window is I’m worried that he might feel embarrassed regardless of whether he believes it or not.

I was silent for a moment but then I held back a sigh and opened my mouth.

“…Then when we have time let’s go out on our own.”

Still if I get the chance I should talk about it. Even though Ryu Cheong-woo knows and only this guy doesn’t the moment he makes a mistake later on the picture becomes strange.

“…! Mundae\: I finally want to get out of the house! Okay okay~ I’ll just look at it!”

No you idiot.

Big Sejin chuckled and patted my back but I fell silent and walked out the front door with the members.

‘There’s more work to do… ’

How are you going to explain this unrealistic situation to that guy?

‘I decided this while paying close attention to it.’

I put that thought aside for now and brought back my original concern.

‘So if we want to make it easier to break the KPOP record which is our mission goal… ’

1. Pioneering new markets

2. New evaluation item subdivision

It’s organized like this.

So even if we break down the items there is a market that is big enough to look prestigious and has good public awareness but there is still a piece of the pie left for us to eat…

I unconsciously spit out one expected answer.

“USA.”

“Are we going to America??”

“no.”

It’s just a group of candidates.

“Boo…”

Cha Yu-jin who reacted like lightning passed by me and got into the car with her shoulders slumped. Still there is no solution.

‘There are more than one or two cases of failure when entering the United States.’

There are other things to do first.

‘Start with analysis.’

Starting from which market Testa will be advantageous we extract all the data build a method and then enter.

If possible we will never do anything to insult the United States.

And in order to do that… I need to be able to control planning and activity plans more as I want.

I cracked my neck.

‘It’s time.’

And I remembered the contract I had renewed with the head of the division.

-If Testa wins the grand prize at the annual awards ceremony in the following year we will fully support the establishment of Testa’s new independent label.

Here the target has already boarded.

So the time has come to create an independent label for Testa.
