---
title: "Chapter 327"
category: "book"
index: 326
section: "Chapter 327"
slug: "327"
---

# Chapter 327

[Idol of the Year TeSTAR ToneA Received Singer of the Year Award]

[‘202X ToneA’ tester’s target action]

[ToneA’s thoughts on the object of joy… Testa “We’re launching a label!”]

At first news impressions and stories about Testa’s prospects were widely covered in articles.

I don’t know but there must have been many people who had already almost completed it and were ready to press enter the moment they received the award.

If the content is simple the article that is exposed first is likely to get more views.

Afterwards at most I wrote down exactly what I had said during my speech and added to it pouring out over the course of an hour or two.

However the true taste of public opinion was revealed only after the awards ceremony ended.

[A new attempt at T1’s KPOP cultivation strategy after launching Testa’s exclusive label?]

[T1’s new KPOP artist independent label… Testa starts]

This is Testa’s reaction to his exceptional impressions.

‘Why a label is launched.’

In fact the separation of labels specifically for artists is not that rare anymore.

However there were differences in reporting methods.

It wasn’t announced at the company’s business level but the singer suddenly gave his acceptance speech himself.

Like a performance at an awards ceremony hosted by the headquarters.

‘T1 has decided.’

‘Look what you’re going to do.’

People who were interested in how the entertainment business works smelled it as soon as they clicked on the article.

Moreover the reaction of fans also played a role.

-Finally finally finally finally

-The days of putting our kids in a subsidiary company are over. I’m really proud of them. ㅠㅠ

– This is the first time I’ve seen Moon Dae so excited. He won the grand prize and the tension continued. It’s really cute and makes me cry.

-Am I dreaming?

– Wow a solo label before the contract renewal season… Please push it properly. Put in a lot of manpower.

These are people who have often suffered because of the company but the fans who heard the news of the label’s independence through winning the grand prize exploded in a good way.

As the melting pot of enthusiasm and excitement filled the comments and posts even the public not just fans was affected.

‘uh? Is this a big deal?’ do.

Thanks to this a second movement occurred.

It’s stocks.

————————

[What do you all think about the news about Testa’s exclusive label?]

This can be seen as good news for T1 Entertainment right?

————————=

-Spacer a male idol from the new season of &lt;Azusa&gt; may have overlapping positions with Testa so Testa was given an exclusive label. I think a new plan will come out starting next year.

-Looking at T One Stars’ sales this year the reason for its sole label is clear which is good news.

└You are correct. Testa is top-tier domestically but it is a bit weak overseas. And overseas usually follows if we catch up domestically^^ As we grow overseas next year the sales volume and name value will definitely increase several times.

-Tone’s stake in the Testa label is 100% right?

-I’m not buying entertainment stocks… but it looks sweet.

The rumor that ‘T1 has a big plan’ has become mainstream and is even somewhat reflected in the stock price.

Then a few articles analyzing it are posted and it becomes like a fait accompli.

[Why did T1 Entertainment stock price rise?]

[What are the advantages of an independent label? T1’s new plan]

At this point T1 the parent company is probably reluctant to announce that this is the first time for Testa’s exclusive label.

If you are not careful it will be interpreted as bad news and will only be scraped off.

And even if we become independent T1 has nothing to lose. This is because they are subsidiaries anyway.

In the end the agency lost its biggest card that it could use to console appease and scold us.

‘The subtle threat of asking if you want to have a bad relationship with T-One doesn’t work.’

Thanks to this it unfolded this way.

Three days after the acceptance speech.

“The company said they wouldn’t publish an article saying ‘nothing concrete has happened yet’?”

“omg.”

also.

Instead of taking a hard stance the company bowed its head slightly and began to take a more moderate approach. By asking our doctor.

‘That’s it.’

Now you are probably ready to voluntarily sit down for negotiations.

I nodded with inner satisfaction at Liu Chengwu’s message.

Most of the members responded that it was a bit absurd but the fact that these bastards were so embarrassed that they came forward to communicate seems to be viewed positively.

Bae Se-jin even slightly raises his thumb and speaks with his mouth.

‘good job…!’

“…”

That’s a remark from a guy who was the first to hear and agree to this method. I nodded hesitantly.

However one member’s face turns red and starts to fuss.

“I think you’re going a little too far…!”

“…?”

…This is Sun Ah-hyeon. suddenly?

The guy squeezed his hand and even started explaining.

“You spoke so meanly to Moon Dae back then…!”

ah. On the day of the awards ceremony.

right. On that day they even called me directly and said a few words as if they couldn’t control themselves.

‘I think he said something like he was careless and lost trust.’

I knew that would happen and it was just lip service so I just skipped it after hearing it.

Still he may have been embarrassed to avoid getting caught in future negotiations. Next time I will tell you first and talk about it.’ He made some kind of apology gesture.

In the end it was a performance that was all expected so I guess they paid attention to that.

Seon Ah-hyeon clenched her fist and said.

“Mumundae apologized… But they didn’t even apologize and tried to announce it as if Mumundae lied… I don’t think it should be like this.”

“I think so too. The company was bad. “You must have a taste of justice!”

Cha Yu-jin agrees. I must have picked up an idiom after watching a dubbed version of a hero movie a while ago.

Liu Chengyu seemed to be thinking deeply and asked softly.

“Then what do you want to do?”

“I wish I would protest. “Why not vote with that majority vote??”

“No I’m fine. “Then I’ll vote.”

“…??”

Are you not asking me?

The conclusion was reached by a majority vote among those excluding the person who was criticized.

The result is a clear yes.

Sun Ah-hyeon spoke firmly.

“Let’s protest…!”

“…”

I nodded hesitantly.

“Okay… I’m grateful.”

“Oh no…! Umm what do you want to say Mundae?”

What words?

Looking around everyone is implicitly expressing their intention to follow the opinions of the parties concerned. It means that you keep your mouth shut and look at me.

If that’s the case.

I shrugged.

“Then let’s just tell it like it is.”

“Huh?”

“What you said.”

There was nothing more to add. I wrote an honest reply that reflected Sun Ah-hyun’s position.

If I were to summarize it roughly it would be like this.

-I was very embarrassed by the company’s request. Why are you trying to say ‘no progress has been made’ when there is a clear contract? Were you really planning on not doing it?

-I apologized for what I said at the awards ceremony because I thought the media might have embarrassed the company but now that I look at it I feel uneasy about that too.

-Of course we thought the company would fulfill the contract and said what we said in our remarks but I want to believe that we didn’t get more angry than that.

To sum it up it’s ‘Don’t do anything stupid come up with a plan right away you idiots.’

“Then I’ll send it to you like this…!”

“Okay~~”

“I think it captures the disappointment we felt well enough! “You are amazing!”

Sun Ah-hyun delivered the information to the company’s management amid cheers from the members.

And then Big Sejin lowered his head towards me and whispered.

“It won’t work right?”

“It doesn’t work.”

When the agency saw that they suddenly came to their senses and said ‘I’m sorry!’ starting tomorrow! ‘We will push for label independence right away!’ Is there any way to say the same thing?

It just makes me feel bad and more anxious.

‘I get upset when something doesn’t work out the way I want.’

In the meantime we have to appease them so we can’t subtly show them by neglecting care because we have to make them even more upset.

The situation suddenly became a disaster in every way.

A dead end road where you can’t move in any direction.

I chuckled.

“But mistakes usually happen in situations like this.”

“…”

Big Sejin looked at me silently and then patted me on the back.

“Mundae let’s go to Testa for a long time. No we are testers for life. “You know?”

“Like that.”

I burst out laughing.

It felt really good to be recognized. And it was quite pleasant to be able to comfortably say that.

And if things work out as planned it will get even better.

A few days later as expected the agency suffered a huge accident.

It was a fight with the headquarters of T1 Entertainment the direct parent company.

* * *

The agency which was unable to persuade both the parent company and Testa lost the power to speak out its position alone.

However it was not possible to just sit idle without expressing one’s position. This is because fans also started to join in.

-Why isn’t the agency saying anything?

-It’s a bit weird because the article only says that the official statement hasn’t been released yet.

-Even if the full-fledged launch is over after the awards season is over we have to show a gesture. There’s no way the kids would have expressed their feelings about something that hasn’t even been decided.

It seemed as if a protest truck would be sent to the agency at any moment if the deadline passed.

Well at this time it seems like what I announced also played a role in increasing the buzz among fans.

It seemed like the people who were talking about themselves behind the scenes had made some assumptions about ‘Why did Park Moon-dae say that?’

-Seeing that Umseupdaeng has a good microphone I guess label X must have invested a lot haha.

-Are you at least the CEO?

-I don’t give up on things like this not even to the leader. Of course it’s Gomer.

These words were criticized by major public opinion as ‘malicious antis who twisted even the words of Mundae’s excitement’ but the original controversy only increased the amount of mentions.

Moreover even these negative comments were based on the premise that ‘Testa’s label will be enormous’ so naturally everyone who heard this news thought that way.

‘It’s a business topic that money can’t buy.’

So in the end T1 Entertainment itself took the cake.

[KPOP’s new vision proposed by T1 “Starting with the launch of an artist specialty label”]

They published the article first.

In effect it was a declaration that T1 Stars had absolutely no intention of helping with their dithering in not letting go of Testa.

And after seeing this did the executives at our agency give up?

no. It seems that upon hearing the rumor they rolled their eyes and sent a somewhat hard-line statement to the parent company.

‘It was a stupid decision.’

Normally I wouldn’t have done something like that but I was immersed in the contract issue for several days so I made a mistake in my judgment.

That statement which had not been properly reviewed was sent to the parent company…

The management of the agency was treated as a scandal by the higher-ups at T1 regarding this matter.

The result?

“…So if I do well I think I will become independent early next year.”

What is it? It’s a declaration of surrender.

-oh my god!!

The guy on the smartphone’s video call screen blinked.

Since the acceptance speech at the last awards ceremony people have been curious about the situation so we are answering their questions.

Originally I was going to do it over the phone but I decided to do it via video call to check on the baby’s condition.

‘Fortunately there are no other signs yet.’

He is receiving good training and appears to be healthy.

-Isn’t it too cold there? It looks like a veranda…

I chuckled. Now that I think about it it seems like things I do to avoid the members always end up here.

And in fact it’s just a video call using a palm-sized screen. It’s okay to do it in your room but it’s just a habit.

“are you okay. “The house is expensive so we did a good job of blocking drafts here.”

-Wow… I’m glad. It’s really nice!

“okay.”

I shrugged.

-And congratulations on the label. As a fan I’m really looking forward to the next album…

Keundal who uses the body of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ began to share his thoughts and I listened to them in silence.

It was then.

There was a hint of popularity next to me.

Grumble.

“I got a call from Park Moon-dae’s company…!”

“yes?”

As I turn my head I see Bae Se-jin holding a smartphone in his hand hurriedly opening the veranda door and coming in.

‘what.’

Contact the company?

I took off one earphone from my ear and tried to talk to him but Bae Se-jin made his move first.

The guy suddenly started pointing at my smartphone.

“…?”

“Uh… Uh huh??”

As if I recognized someone.

“…”

-brother? brother?

Hey no way.
