---
title: "Chapter 328"
category: "book"
index: 327
section: "Chapter 328"
slug: "328"
---

# Chapter 328

Certainly I have encountered Bae Se-jin in Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

‘At best all I could do was stand in front of the sink and cheer to avoid the situation.’

There was a time when I doubted whether Bae Se-jin would remember that experience impressively.

However I never doubted that I would remember what Ryu Geon-woo looked like.

There must be tens of thousands of fans who have seen this guy’s face so far but he still remembers the face of a fan he only saw once? The guy who even wore a hat?

However if you point with your finger and shout out an exclamation it means to anyone who sees it ‘I know you.’ There is no doubt. There is a face this is it.

‘after.’

Still I must have been wearing earphones so I couldn’t hear the strange situation where ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ called me brother. good.

As soon as I guessed the situation I immediately opened my mouth. Naturally.

Talk to the guy on your smartphone.

“Brother I will contact you again.”

-Uh…? uh…

We can’t let Bae Se-jin go with the flow. Just hang up once and ignore it.

However Bae Se-jin moved first. He grabbed my arm and bowed.

“You… I found you!”

“…!”

“That’s the guy you saw in the video right?”

At that moment I understood the situation correctly.

‘ah. Was it that way?’

right. Now I remember. When I was checking Ryu Cheong-woo’s home video Bae Se-jin also accompanied me.

I guess I remembered watching it carefully several times at that time.

…Or maybe you remember me doing something crazy like breaking into a co-worker’s house on a holiday night and searching through family videos.

I barely answered.

“…yes. “That’s my brother.”

“also!”

Bae Se-jin looks at Ryu Geon-woo on the screen with understanding eyes.

‘Even so you have a good sense of vision.’

The home video was filmed when I was quite young and the contents inside were also changed so my impression would be different but I think I figured it out.

-Hey… Shall I say hello?

No just stay still.

I glanced at the screen and asked Bae Se-jin’s question.

“How did you find it?”

“There is someone in Cheongwoo’s family that I contacted.”

To prevent further questions and answers and unnecessary talk I also explained the situation in more detail.

Let’s end this.

“You know a few days ago the two of us went out for a bit. “We met then and exchanged contact information.”

“Hmm okay.”

That’s… a face that says he didn’t even know that Ryu Cheong-wu and I went out that day.

‘Well that guy isn’t that big of a deal.’

Even though Cha Yu-jin is my roommate she is the type of person who rarely leaves her room.

Anyway the situation seemed to be calming down. I nodded and opened my mouth.

“Although my brother went with me to check out Chungwoo’s home videos so I wanted to tell you the news. thank you.”

“Well… no. What did I do? Anyway it went well and uh… if there’s anything I can help with let me know…”

Bae Se-jin started talking gibberish and then started acting very social.

As soon as he made eye contact with Ryu Geon-woo on the screen he said hello.

“So this is you… Hello.”

-yes? yes…!

Even if that guy answers I can only hear it through my earphones. Why are they greeting each other?

-Ah even if I say this you can’t hear it right?

I guess I finally figured it out.

“…What are you saying?”

“wait a minute.”

Anyway it would be neat if we exchanged brief greetings and hung up.

I deliberately looked at the screen and spoke clearly.

“brother. “I can’t communicate so if you don’t mind I’ll unplug my earphones now.”

It means prepare.

-… I get it!

The guy’s tone changed perhaps because he thought he wouldn’t make a mistake this time. And his expression changed… Could it be that he’s imitating me?

The guy relaxes his face and speaks in a firm voice.

-hello. This is Ryu Geon-woo.

It doesn’t suit me.

“Yes this is Bae Se-jin who is on the same team as Moon Dae.”

As soon as communication began Bae Se-jin returned to her normal self as if saying hello first was a lie. You’re quite shy.

Still it is welcome that the atmosphere has calmed down. This is because the guy on the screen also greeted me too politely to the point of being excessive.

It’s a good sense of distance. Let’s go like this.

-yes. I am rooting for Testa a lot. Congratulations on the grand prize.

“…thank you.”

However Bae Se-jin answered a beat late looked away from the smartphone camera with a strange expression and bowed to me again.

“…Does that person work in broadcasting?”

“…?”

What kind of nonsense is this?

“no. why?”

“It’s just… your face looks familiar…”

Bae Se-jin stopped mid-sentence and stared blankly at the guy who was still imitating me on the screen.

“…”

This is a very meaningful symbol.

I opened my mouth right away.

“Then see you next time…”

“for a moment.”

Bae Se-jin raises his hand and starts talking as if he wants to go.

“Have you ever met me a few years ago? It was at a concert hall and we were talking about autographs in front of the sink…”

“…!”

No there is nothing to be surprised about. Let’s calm down.

‘I’m not sure.’

The idea is to check and see if a flash of thought occurred to you as the situations overlapped.

And isn’t that what that guy on the screen did anyway? You can answer ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about’ without any remorse…

-Uh…! In that bathroom…

“…”

Why are you showing off there?

‘You also experienced resonance with me right?’

I looked at the two excited guys with cold eyes.

‘Ryu Geon-woo’ on screen reacted too warmly and thanks to this Bae Se-jin was immediately convinced.

“…!! also!”

-Wow I was wondering if you would remember…

“…Of course I remember. “I was really grateful at that time.”

Bae Se-jin seemed a little conflicted but eventually added one more word.

“It gave me a lot of strength. Thanks to you I found a lot of good stories.”

-Hmm I see.

What are you squinting your eyes with pride?

It was absurd but he continued speaking in a slightly excited tone.

-I think I would have been very happy to hear it at the time…!

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo back then?

I’m sure I didn’t just go against this guy’s will…

‘Was it telling me to listen?’

I was speechless and stared at his screen.

The big moon seems to have forgotten how to control its expression and the corner of its mouth is twitching with a happy expression. I can hear Bae Se-jin clearing his throat from the side probably out of embarrassment.

“Hmm yes. I am also happy to greet you like this. “I couldn’t even give you an autograph at that time…”

“…”

Okay well… it’s a good thing that something insignificant has helped Bae Se-jin so far.

It’s not a big deal and it’s just a small story so it might be better to just sort it out here and move on rather than realizing it later and making a fuss.

I laughed.

“I’ve already decided to give you a signed album when the next album comes out.”

“Ah hmm that will do.”

-I’m really looking forward to it…

“It’s an honor.”

The atmosphere relaxes slightly. To be precise Bae Se-jin began to shed his shyness alone.

‘It looks like we’re going to have a chat like this.’

Since there might be loopholes in the conversation any further I decided to organize the conversation this time.

“Hyung I heard there’s training tomorrow too. I think I wasted too much time.

-…! That’s right. Sorry I’ll just go into it now.

“Oh yeah. That… yes. thank you.”

Keudal quickly understood the signal this time and the call ended like that.

Tiriring.

Bae Se-jin looked at the disconnected screen and muttered with a mysterious expression on his face.

“…You really were a fan of our group.”

“…”

It would be even weirder if I didn’t ask here right?

“Do you two know each other?”

“It’s not that I met you… I received support as a fan… No I only saw you for a few seconds and I didn’t know you were the person I was looking for until now! “I knew you were looking for me but I didn’t tell you on purpose…”

“I guess so. “Because I don’t remember the faces of everyone I meet.”

“That’s right.”

Bae Se-jin sighed with a somewhat relieved expression.

“Still… it’s fascinating. You and I both got help from the same person… I didn’t know we had this much in common. “I think there really is such a thing as human connection.”

“Sure.”

“Hmm… It’s a bit strange to hear that the person who said such good things in the beginning is still supporting me…”

“I guess it’s because my brother has been doing well so far.”

“Is that so? Hmm not that much but… thank you.”

“What?”

Bae Se-jin seems really excited now.

“Wouldn’t it be nice to say something like that on entertainment? “Isn’t it?”

“…”

Let’s stop there.

“There are ways to keep it as a memory between us. “More than that the reason you called me…”

“iced coffee!”

Only then did his expression change and he got to the point.

“That’s right I got a call from the company…!”

hmm.

‘A call from Bae Se-jin to come running and find me?’

It’s not like they’re trying to overturn the declaration of surrender. I crossed my arms.

“Your agency?”

“Not that company… but the company above it!”

Bae Se-jin shouted with a somewhat excited face.

“I got a call directly from T1 Entertainment!”

“…!!”

It was the departure of the parent company.

I followed Bae Se-jin into the room. A few people had already gathered in the room following Cha Yu-jin’s actions.

“I came home!! As you warned me I quietly escaped without anyone from the AR team detecting me!”

“That’s right.”

When Kim Rae-bin who went to the studio last joined us the briefing finally began.

“It’s nothing else just an offer.”

“A suggestion?”

Liu Chengwu explained briefly.

T1 Entertainment sent the email directly without going through the agency. The board member’s opinion was sent directly to the person in charge who I spoke with last time regarding the issue of the dedicated team…

I rubbed my chin while listening to that and summarized it in one simple sentence.

“So… they’re saying they’re going to remove us from their direct label.”

“yes.”

It is not under their own subsidiary T1 Stars but as a direct affiliate of the real T1 ENT.

‘You’re crazy.’

It was an incredibly generous offer. They even sent us a plan to reform the settlement structure and explained how much we would benefit.

“Then what is your current agency?”

“There was no mention of that.”

It was worth it.

‘They just write it down because it’s X.’

Originally even if a label was established planning and activities would be carried out independently and the accounting structure including sales processing would belong to T1 Stars.

‘It means that our sales will continue to be attributed to this agency.’

Because it is an affiliated label.

However if this happens the relationship with the agency will simply end.

Literally transfer.

We will even bring a dedicated team with us so the company will be in an emergency situation and will suffer a significant blow.

However there is no need to worry about retaliation as the parent company is raising its fist behind your back.

“If this happens… I’ll be leaving that agency altogether!”

“Oh~”

Perfect timing for an escape that you could only dream of.

There are already people clapping as if it was a refreshing situation…

‘hmm. ‘It’s not good.’

I wiggled my eyebrows.

This is an unprecedented treatment by anyone’s standards and it is a change in Big Deal affiliation that anyone with even a passing interest in the entertainment industry will judge Testa as the right candidate for T1.

So that’s the problem.

‘You shouldn’t get too involved with the T1 image.’

T1 has an image of garbage as it is a large company that operates in the octopus food business.

Even in the cultural business sector there is a lot of talk about ‘ruining the industry ecosystem’ with the aggressive strategy of sucking up KPOP represented by the Tnet channel.

But what about the business signboard image that T1 is pushing?

It’s the worst if it sticks.

‘It’s not just about benefiting from a large company it’s about becoming the main business of T1 Entertainment.’

Even during the Rookie of the Year Awards there was a lot of criticism saying it was tyranny by a major broadcaster but there’s a high chance that T1 will tag us whenever they do something stupid.

This means that if something happens in the future it’s perfect to be framed in the position of a strong perpetrator.

‘Not only that.’

There is also one most crucial reason.

‘…We shouldn’t be perceived as if the company is entirely on our side.’

In business not everything can suit everyone’s tastes. Obviously a problem arises.

It was the same with the idol business.

Then when a problem arises there will be a liability… If the company starts off like this by pretending to care for us and respect us we end up bearing the brunt of the aggro.

-T-One did T-One.

-Oh shit let go of my kids.

Instead of saying this.

-LOL. LOL… Guys please let’s do it properly.

– You should think that the members who haven’t been active this time are pointless and let go from next time okay?

The number of people saying this is increasing. Absolutely not.

‘T1 must be an image whose interests do not coincide with ours.’

The moment this breaks down even if the company makes a mistake it could be treated as the same as the idol and try to cover it more than it should or a crazy situation could arise where the idol is lumped together and blamed.

In the long term it’s a handshake.

“…”

“What do you all think? “I… think I’m okay!”

“Me too.”

The problem is that just because I think that way I don’t know if I can really convince these already excited people.

‘Honestly the reason is a bit dirty.’

We need to make people blame the company for things like X but isn’t it right to say that we shouldn’t make it difficult?

I can see at least three people who won’t be persuaded by these words.

‘…It would be perfect if there was an emotional justification.’

At that time Raebin Kim next to me muttered quietly in a droopy voice.

“Then some parts of the AR team will completely change their affiliations and break up…”

This guy… he said it well.

This is it.

“Well wouldn’t it be okay to just bring them all?”

“It will be difficult. “I don’t think the agency will come out that easily.”

I answered deliberately assertively.

“It would be a huge blow to the agency if we took out the dedicated team and it would be difficult to get other people out.”

“Umm…”

“So… what happens to those who can’t go with us?”

“You will be working in a more difficult environment than before.”

Raebin Kim’s face turned pale. I crossed my arms.

“But there’s no need for us to force ourselves to stay for those people. “Because we each live our own lives.”

“yes…”

It was then. Sun Ah-hyeon carefully raised her hand.

“Over there…”

“huh.”

“Then why don’t we just stay here and kick out all the bad people? “Isn’t it impossible…?”

I answered calmly.

“It’s hard to kick them out.”

“Uh huh. As expected…”

It was then. Liu Chengwu opened his mouth.

“But isn’t there something we can do to prevent him from doing bad things in the future?”

“…!”

“Right?”

Surprisingly this side also makes some backups. I nodded.

“That’s okay.”

“Oh I like that. Fight!”

Cha Yu-jin immediately changed her stance. He was like a guy. And Bae Se-jin muttered.

“It’s not bad…”

okay. I thought this would be your favorite too.

“Then let’s consider this too.”

There was a pretty good response.

‘That’s it.’

I clasped my hands together.

“Then let’s wait until everyone has completely decided on one side.”

“period?”

“Now that the story has progressed I think it will work.”

I looked back at the guy sitting next to me.

Big Sejin.

“Like he said last time if we are all born with the target we will have a greater say.”

“…!”

That is to the point where the others are at their most restless.

Big Sejin opened his eyes wide and immediately smiled.

I laughed along too.

“Let’s wait until then.”

Testa then received a total of 32 trophies during the end-of-year awards season.

And 5 of them were grand prize trophies.

Our deal started to move at that point.
