---
title: "Chapter 330"
category: "book"
index: 329
section: "Chapter 330"
slug: "330"
---

# Chapter 330

Testa’s global tour.

Although it was not possible to copy the Seoul concert using the musical as is important key parts and stage equipment were carefully removed and included.

‘For sure the planning and AR working-level staff do a good job.’

Now that it has been launched as a label the workforce has become more active. It felt like I was getting a taste of escape.

For reference the head of the planning team was the label’s representative. He is a person with good sense and experience who does not do unnecessary things so he is the perfect candidate.

‘I’m not a celebrity so even if a problem arises I don’t have to be the target of personal criticism.’

During this process I also heard some absurd things.

-How about having a literary school become the representative?

-yes? Would you like to do it?

-Haha sorry.

There was a guy who came up with an idea that would require 10 more years of annual leave.

‘An idol directly represents a label.’

There are endless things to catch. Rather tell him to set up a company and become the president. I held back a sigh.

Anyway… the first performance of the tour was very successful.

[Let me breathe!]

At the end of the last encore song cheers could be heard for a long time until the group came back to the stage soaked in sweat and water.

Wow!

thud!

Cha Yu-jin who excitedly jumped down the steel stairs laughed out loud.

“It’s really fun! “Concerts are the best!”

“That’s right…!”

“I like it better because the stage shines so brightly. “I really need to do this a lot!”

I guess swinging a lightsaber was really fun. I chuckled and just shook the moisture off my head.

Instead Bae Se-jin who was wiping his stomach with a towel awkwardly opened his mouth.

“Of course… concerts have their charm.”

“brother!”

The guy who always thought he was going to die because of his physical strength and nervousness before his debut is now saying things like that.

‘Have you been influenced by the two of you becoming roommates?’

Cha Yu-jin shouted even more excitedly after rubbing shoulders with Bae Se-jin.

“Don’t take a week off it’s okay! Do it again! “We rehearse a lot!”

Is that so?

“We don’t take a week off.”

“Ah??”

I draped the towel over my shoulder.

“We should go camping.”

“…”

“…”

“yes! “We have prepared for you to have a great time!”

Only a workaholic is excited.

No wait. Don’t you all like working?

“Do you not want to work?”

“…! Oh no…!”

Then what is it?

At that time Bae Se-jin turned his head and muttered following Sun Ah-hyun’s words.

“When you say that… something crazy usually happens.”

“…”

“Yes everyone got scared because Park Moon-dae spoke in such a meaningful way~ It’s Moon Dae-moon University’s fault… Wow!”

It’s noisy.

I slapped Big Sejin on the back. And I immediately regretted it because of the moisture sticking to my hands. Ryu Cheong-wu who was watching this with happy eyes opened his mouth.

“Hmm then after the Osaka concert tomorrow is it a camp instead of an after-party?”

“iced coffee…”

The atmosphere is melting away.

However there is no one who is opposed to holding an after-party instead of camp.

…Are you really scared?

‘Did I speak too one-sidedly?’

Now that I think about it I guess I didn’t collect opinions properly. I shook my head rubbing the back of my neck.

“We have to… have an after-party.”

“…!”

I relaxed and smiled.

“It’s been a while since I’ve had a concert so I need to celebrate. “Even though I received the grand prize I was so busy that I couldn’t do it properly.”

“Park Moon-dae…”

“Ugh that’s right…!”

Working for a long time… No because physical strength is important when working together.

I nodded satisfied with the warm atmosphere.

“Let’s move.”

“Yes~”

Soon Testa began running backstage following the instructions of the staff and leader while hearing the cheers that had not yet stopped.

I let the others go first and slowly left. Then a large figure came next to me.

“You know it’s a joke right? “Everyone follows your opinion because the results are always good.”

“…”

“It’s not because you pushed me right?”

“okay.”

“That’s right~”

I looked again at Big Sejin who was smiling. Certainly… he was a guy with a deeper heart than just being quick-witted…

So I feel more confident.

‘I’m definitely waiting.’

Until I revealed my situation. You may be analyzing the discomfort you have felt so far in your own way.

‘Should I look at the timing during camp?’

Once while working this guy was completely exhausted and lost his ability to think critically citing various movies and dramas as examples…

“Let’s do well with our next album as well.”

okay. You thought that would come first too.

‘Let’s just take care of our work first.’

The next day’s concert went well without any minor injuries in surprisingly good conditions.

And the after-party ended well and at an appropriate and pleasant level.

It was an appropriate basis.

Thanks to this everyone attended the camp the next day with smiling faces.

“Shall I order room service?”

“The manager brought us laptops for our composition camp!”

We had a great time and everyone looks good. There is also a lot of passion.

I didn’t stop these guys from setting up the food and seating because they were so excited.

On the contrary he tried to help appropriately but when he relaxed he attacked him.

Suite living room. I turned on the teleprompter in front of the guys sitting on the sofa side by side.

[Testa’s direction]

“Ahyun-ah-hyun look at that I prepared the presentation materials. I’m completely sincere.”

“Ugh…”

So is this serious or a joke?

“First let me tell you the results of my analysis of the current situation.”

Cha Yu-jin quietly put down the popcorn she was eating.

“As everyone knows Testa won grand prizes at five different awards ceremonies this year.”

“Ohh.”

“But this is not what you need to see now.”

“yes?”

I changed the screen.

[Distribution of Lovers]

[-&gt; Grand Prize Popularity Award Voting Pool]

“This is the result of a popular vote.”

I stretched out my hand.

“As you can see we won popularity awards at three awards ceremonies. “What do we have in common?”

“I don’t know! Please let me know!”

You are proud.

“These are places that have blocked overseas voting. “The firepower of domestic fans makes Testa one of the top two singers who have made a comeback this year.”

“and.”

“Mundae where on earth did you get this?”

“The Internet.”

I spoke again to those who opened their mouths.

“But the moment overseas KPOP fans participate in the voting it turns around.”

“…The VTIC seniors will definitely win.”

“Of course.”

I changed the graph to vote rankings. There are even one or two examples of voting results captured in which Testa came in third or fourth place.

“They are even pushed out by idols from other large agencies.”

“hmm.”

“We are still clearly weak overseas.”

I came to a conclusion.

I brought you here to say this.

“So for my next album I would like to promote properly towards the global market. What do you think?”

“…”

Members exchanged glances with each other or looked at the presentation screen.

There was no active approval. Even Cha Yu-jin whose base is in the United States.

I laughed inwardly.

‘That’s right.’

No one should fall for such naive words.

Instead a rebuttal came in.

“If I do well domestically won’t people abroad recognize me? “We have found many cases where attempts to force entry did not work out.”

right. In fact because we thought about that we didn’t bother to pursue overseas activities until now.

“I already won the grand prize so I think people who are aware of the domestic situation will know. “Isn’t it time to increase our overseas exposure and appeal a little more?”

“Um… okay.”

Liu Chengwu seemed to have been convinced in his own way. But the next one struck.

“But on the other hand I don’t think domestic fans will like it that much so that’s a bit awkward~”

It’s a big hit.

“Of course we will do a lot of W apps and show a lot of our own content but honestly there is a sense of distance between us. Doing so right after receiving the grand prize may seem unloyal!”

I crossed my arms and smiled.

“Yes if the most prosperous people in the country change their course to be more foreign-friendly it would be like toadyism.”

“Well it might not be that bad but we should be aware of the disappointment and be considerate! This is it. Even though I know everything about the university~”

That was an accurate point.

“That’s true.”

I nodded.

“So it would be best if we were invited.”

“invitation?”

“yes. They’re calling us from America. Then you can increase your exposure by just visiting.”

“Let’s go…”

It’s not that we’re anxious and anxious to advance into the US but because they’re calling us we feel like we should go and do some activities.

Instead of giving an answer I only spit out conditions.

“I hope it’s not overtly KPOP-related. “The VTIC seniors have already taken care of everything there.”

“At the same time I hope that calling us doesn’t seem too artificial.”

“It’s topical so it’s worth using.”

As the words continue to come out the members’ faces become increasingly blank. Yes it’s tricky so think about it slowly.

But the moment I closed my mouth there was someone who immediately raised his hand.

‘oh.’

This is Raebin Kim.

“Even if I tell you my opinion…”

“Of course. say.”

“yes! “I would like to tell you about a field that we have recently been involved with and is gaining great recognition in the United States!”

I laughed inwardly. It seemed like the right answer would come out.

“Where are you?”

“This is ‘Ruin Factory’ a company from 〈127 Section〉.”

“…!”

“The newly released game is also a huge hit in the U.S. and it is said that a movie will be made based on that worldview so I think it would be a good idea for us to take on the challenge of participating in the movie’s OST!”

“Woah movie??”

Of course opposition poured in from all over.

“Hmm~ Wouldn’t it be nice to do that again? “We didn’t create a separate ‘Star’s Song’ account for nothing.”

Of course getting involved with that game company again is completely crazy.

And surprisingly in response to Keun Se-jin’s remark Bae Se-jin provides support.

“okay! And T1 also owns that company. “It seems like it was planned from within the company…!”

In fact unless it was a company conspiracy how could we contact them first but image was also the most important part.

‘If it is judged as a media play for self-praise it will only become a joke from then on.’

However Raebin Kim did not withdraw his opinion.

Instead we released more information.

“…! That could be so. However what I confirmed is that the movie is being produced somewhere other than T1.”

“where?”

“It’s a Hollywood production.”

“…!”

“This is news I saw in the comments while running the Byeolbyeolgok account. Gamers were all looking forward to it as it was handled by ‘Limestone’.”

“Limestone??”

Cha Yu-jin whistled.

“There’s a hero movie production company! [Insanely famous!]”

That’s right. This is a line of hero movies under an animation company notorious for its IP business.

A completely American businessman.

I opened my mouth.

“So… through our company T1 we can make contact quickly but in fact it can look like the call is from an American company.”

Also since the movie production company is another large company with a famous IP it is also reminiscent of the feeling that they are too intertwined with the game and feel bored with each other.

“yes! Are you okay?”

Are you okay?

It was the best.

‘You’ve caught candidate number 1 right away.’

As expected this guy has this sense regardless of his senses. It’s the sense of being able to choose the fun things you want to do.

“I like it.”

“…!”

“I wonder how everyone is doing.”

“I like it!”

“Of course I do too!”

There are quite a few positive votes.

It seemed like a lot of people were interested because it was a fresh challenge and a lot of their concerns were resolved.

Finally Big Sejin smiled and opened his mouth.

“Okay let’s try hard~”

“Well then the conclusion has been reached.”

We decided to aim for participation in the OST of a Hollywood hero movie that is the essence of subculture.

There was sporadic applause here and there.

“Are you contacting the person who will be the CEO of Les Labels and telling them that you would like to work together?”

“that’s right.”

“and.”

“I liked that game. “It’s good if a good movie is made.”

Bae Se-jin muttered quietly.

“But what if I don’t accept it…?”

“So what? Limestone loss.”

“…I see.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugs asking why she was so scared when she was the grand prize singer. The atmosphere became a bit lighter.

‘good.’

Good timing. I opened my mouth.

“Then I hope that this title will also be interesting to those who are accustomed to hero movies based on original games.”

“yes.”

“I think it will be a very fun project.”

“Hmm good.”

I laughed.

“Then from now on let’s pick a concept that works well doesn’t seem like we’re trying too hard and represents the colors of Testa well. practice.”

“practice…”

That’s how the KPOP Hell Camp full of brainstorming began.

However there was a problem.

Unlike hobby composition camps the difference between honor students and inferior students became more pronounced.
