---
title: "Chapter 332"
category: "book"
index: 331
section: "Chapter 332"
slug: "332"
---

# Chapter 332

What kind of situation is this?

I am lying in bed. I don’t have any particularly good thoughts. I’m just ruminating.

The situation right before when I went to visit Keun Se-jin who had left the camping hotel room.

-Beep.

I rang the doorbell of Keun Se-jin’s hotel private room but there was no response.

-…

I wondered if he was not in the room. But is he the type of person who will go out and make a fuss while Keun Se-jin is so busy?

It’s definitely inside.

-Lee Se-jin.

I waited a moment and rang the doorbell again.

Then came the response.

Grumble.

From your smartphone not from your door.

[Moondae let’s talk next time. I’m a bit tired now.]

That was the end.

“…”

I took my hand off the pillow checked the text once and swiped it away.

-Are you okay?

“uh.”

And now Ryu Geon-woo’s face appears on the screen. Because I’m resuming the call I hung up earlier.

…I have to do my job.

“What is the story you were trying to tell?”

-… wait a minute.

The thing on the screen moves. Then raise both hands and point into the air.

-Do you see this?

“no.”

The guy on the screen cautiously lowers his hand.

-You can’t see it…

“…”

-I’ve done a little research since the last time I logged in to take down the ‘reward receipt’ pop-up.

I see.

-A few days ago I was able to load and display the status window from my side. So I wonder if you can see it on the screen…

“okay.”

It was something worthy of making a video call. I understood.

And when he closed his mouth the room became quiet again.

“…”

A cautious voice was heard.

-That brother. After all what happened earlier?

“no.”

Can you stop asking that?

I almost felt annoyed for a moment but I realized there was no need to and pressed it.

…For this guy since the phone suddenly hung up of course he can ask.

“Someone who didn’t know the situation came and hung up on me and there was some misunderstanding.”

-ah…

After a short exclamation the guy became silent again. It seems like he roughly understood the situation.

‘Is this the end of the story?’

Now when you wonder if it would be okay to end the call and hang up.

-Well… then wouldn’t it be okay if I told you the situation?

“what?”

-You’re Sejin Lee right? You were my brother’s close friend. then…

“I came back to the past in someone else’s body and became an idol. If I didn’t do it I would die so just tell the story of how I leveled up and came this far.”

-…

“Common sense tells me this… No I’m sorry.”

At that moment I realized why Big Sejin stopped the conversation and left. I guess I did it to avoid unnecessary yelling.

I shook my head and continued.

“I will organize my thoughts and analyze the status window problem you just mentioned so you should take a break today as well…”

-no. brother.

The guy stopped talking.

-I think this is the first time I’ve seen you so uninterested in talking about the system. Normally you would have asked a lot of questions.

“…!”

-I think you are very concerned about the current situation.

“…”

And then I heard a small voice.

-Then why don’t you just talk… and be comfortable?

I clenched my fists without thinking.

It was that moment.

I suddenly remembered the afterimages derived from those words.

The mistakes this guy made every time he met me.

-brother!

-Geonwoo hyung ummm…

Errors in titles or endings.

I thought it was because he was such a bad person at deceiving others.

But now that I think about it it’s strange that someone who lived in Ryu Geon-woo’s body for so many years made such mistakes every time…

Isn’t it unnatural?

“You must have made a mistake every time the members were around…”

-…

“Maybe they wanted me to get caught.”

After a moment of silence.

A voice came from the screen.

-Maybe…

“…!”

-I wasn’t conscious of it at the time but I think I did it subconsciously… because I thought it would be helpful to my brother.

“what.”

-Testa is a close person who has lived with my brother for several years. I wanted my brother to feel at ease after telling him the secret…

It is an action based on good will.

However it reminds me of something in that it does not take into account the other person’s wishes and feelings at all.

And he says that too.

-But that’s what the system does.

okay.

-You’re just ignoring your thoughts and feelings.

This was too mechanical and inhuman an impulse for this weak guy.

I slowly opened my mouth.

“…So you guessed that the system was being affected?”

The last time I met him he reminded me of a guy who was particularly afraid of the system.

-I can feel the part that has assimilated into the system becoming stronger. I wonder what effect it would have if it were transferred to another body.

And a bitter somewhat dejected voice comes from the screen.

-yes. So ever since I noticed it I’ve been really trying not to make mistakes…

“…”

-It really wasn’t intentional. I am truly sorry that you must have felt uncomfortable. I will be very careful not to be swayed in the future…

“…okay.”

A sigh of relief was heard on the screen.

‘You’re having a hard time.’

It seemed like it would be quite unpleasant to be influenced by something I didn’t know what it was.

‘I’ll have to pay closer attention to this guy’s condition from now on.’

I looked at the big moon with some sense of calm as if I had been hit by cold water.

But the topic came back.

-But bro this is really a separate message. That friend will definitely believe you.

I’m going crazy.

I said holding back my sleep.

“If he had the personality to believe this kind of science fiction it would have been sorted out already.”

However Lee Se-jin was the most realistic character in this.

I admitted it.

‘So… I was putting it off.’

Because I have to work and the timing is not right.

By making excuses like that I was rationalizing the situation by keeping my mouth shut and dragging it out.

I was intoxicated by the atmosphere and said ‘I’ll tell you when the time comes’ so I guess I should say it… but it seemed like there was a very high chance that they wouldn’t believe me no matter how I said it.

I sighed.

Then a somewhat absurd voice appeared on the screen… What’s absurd?

-Brother I’m telling you in case you’ve forgotten… Was that my brother’s status window??

I know that too.

-I know how you and Lee Se-jin are doing!

“…!!”

-The brothers fighting and things like that… Anyway I’m speaking from the perspective of a third party who knows all the information. Please trust me…!

It was quite an embarrassing story to see it all happen.

However the big moon was embarrassed and embarrassed and was almost crying now.

-That friend is realistic and knows you well…! And we trust each other a lot.

And I find it funny but I listen to that.

-If you just explain honestly and honestly you will believe me.

“…”

I lay down with one arm resting on my back.

-brother…

I don’t know.

“I don’t even know how to say it. “It happened like this.”

-ah…

“First… look at the situation.”

I’m telling you the truth now and I don’t know how this guy will come out tomorrow.

There was a possibility that it wasn’t a big deal because my emotions got stronger right away. When you cool off a bit you may end up explaining the misunderstanding and feeling a bit embarrassed.

-Brother so…

The guy on the screen seemed to be trying to give some words of encouragement but it didn’t really hit home.

“okay.”

I immediately ended the call and while conflicted responded to Keun Se-jin’s text.

[sorry. Rest well]

And it’s funny but it really wasn’t that big of a deal.

The overnight camp for the album the very next day went smoothly.

* * *

“I added an explosion sound to the beat what do you think?”

“Is it good? But how about adding it only at the chorus point and replacing it with a different sound in the verse? “Because your ears may get tired quickly.”

“All right!”

Keun Se-jin coordinated the situation well providing feedback that was no different from the previous day. Promote good opinions and reject inappropriate opinions.

“I would like to select a song based on demo number 4. What do you think?”

“…That’s okay. But I think number 3 is better.”

“okay.”

It’s not like I just smile and be nice like I did before when I got angry and things got awkward between us.

It’s just… the sense of distance has gotten thicker.

‘Damn it.’

You don’t give us time to have a private conversation.

It was difficult to even apologize for this. ‘What are you sorry about’ is impossible to develop a conversation like ‘It’s okay’.

“Let’s get some rest.”

“yes.”

And then it’s time for a break. I woke up while following the guys who were scattering around the suite more freely than yesterday.

‘Let’s at least pour cold water on it.’

If you can’t concentrate because you’re frustrated you’re stupid. Let’s at least come to our senses and look at the album after some cold water.

I was on my way back after using the sink next to the entrance.

“…Lee Se-jin.”

“yes?”

I heard a voice from the kitchen next to the hallway.

Bae Se-jin who calls Big Se-jin.

It was rare. So just yesterday after Keun Se-jin left the conversation with Bae Se-jin came to mind.

-Did I… say something strange?

-… no. It’s because there was some misunderstanding with me. I’m sorry for getting you involved.

-No no.

It seems like the topic will be brought up no matter who hears it.

The voices of two people with the same name continued to be heard from beyond the corner of the hallway.

“Hey… I was talking about yesterday. “I’m sorry if I made a mistake.”

“yes? no. It’s not like that. “I was the one who caused the mess.”

“…Isn’t it because there’s a problem?”

“Oh it’s just my problem. Did I speak a little rudely at that time? “I’m sorry bro.”

“No that’s okay…”

After a moment of silence.

“Um bro. “I have something else to do so is it okay if I tell you this?”

“…wait for a sec.”

The sound of Bae Se-jin swallowing saliva was heard.

“…It was yesterday that Park Moon-dae told me that he was the person he was looking for so I didn’t bring it up. “I didn’t know because I happened to be there.”

“…”

“I shouldn’t have said that…”

“brother.”

Big Sejin stopped talking.

“I think you need to hear this from yourself.”

“…!”

“I really don’t think it’s my fault so you don’t have to worry. On the contrary I knew it thanks to you. “The situation.”

Bae Se-jin was heard suffering. It seemed like there was a cross between the feeling of wanting to talk about what was going on and the thought that it would be foolish to intervene further.

And finally said.

“okay. “I hope you have a good conversation with Park Moon-dae.”

“…”

The guy who would normally have finished saying ‘yes’ instead blurted out in a rather tired and sharp tone.

“…I don’t know. “Do you want to do it?”

“…!”

“Anyway… yes. All right.”

I knew then.

Clearly this guy was also paying more attention to the current situation.

And I was so pissed off right now that I had the urge to listen to the story.

‘then.’

I suddenly remembered Geoldal’s last words yesterday in response to my comment ‘I don’t know what will happen after this situation ends.’

A statement that didn’t really make sense at the time.

-Wouldn’t people believe me more if I told them that the situation was like this? My brother isn’t the type of person to say nonsense to someone who is angry.

-…!

-Knowing you the more strange things you say the less likely you will think it’s an excuse or a joke!

“…”

Fuck you. okay.

I picked up the phone and called the manager.

There is no other way. Let’s do it.

* * *

Sejin Lee liked concerts.

Anyone who is familiar with him would easily mistakenly believe that people like Lee Se-jin would prefer appearing on entertainment shows or famous WeTube channels.

Originally what people thought with their heads and what they felt with their hearts were different.

The concert was like proving myself as an idol.

The existence of dreams and ambitions.

‘So that’s good… ’

But today I wasn’t able to fully enjoy that great concert.

In a concert it is common for members to gather together and enjoy the encore during the encore.

Even if that wasn’t the case the amazing coordination with the members who were on stage together at times encouraged immersion and a sense of belonging.

But today that was impossible.

‘under… ’

This is because I stood on stage with Park Moon-dae without even having a proper conversation since the uproar a few days ago.

I am conscious of it moment by moment as if a stone had fallen into my shoe and my mood becomes depressed every time.

‘why… ’

In fact I already knew that Park Moon-dae did not ‘look on’ him as leniently as the other members.

In fact I was more than happy to do so.

Because it felt like a kind of relationship establishment.

‘An equal friend.’

I even shrugged it off a bit. He is confident that even if the group disappears he and Park Moon-dae will continue to work together and remain friends even if no one else knows.

That reassurance.

However once you realize that it was an illusion you feel as betrayed as your confidence.

‘That’s really funny.’

No Park Moon-dae didn’t say that he trusted you the most so what kind of betrayal are you talking about?

Sejin Lee laughed.

We know very well that humans easily change their positions depending on their environment. And there was nothing particularly disappointing about it.

‘It’s even more like that in this industry.’

But I couldn’t understand why I felt so disappointed with Park Moon-dae as if we were great friends.

But if you think about it again isn’t it worth it?

‘It’s not like we’re just a decent group.’

I spent my time talking about all kinds of worries accidents and even my personal history.

And yet…

Sejin Lee clenched her fists.

‘I’ll just say an apology via text and that’s it.’

This means that Park Moon-dae doesn’t have much to regret right now.

What’s even funnier is that even now he’s thinking about talking first and resolving the situation.

Wow!

Sejin Lee took a deep breath as she watched the flower storm explode next to the stage.

It wasn’t just that I was out of breath.

‘It’s annoying.’

I felt ridiculous that my condition had worsened just because I had a fight with one member in front of a large audience on this beautiful day.

That’s because I looked down on the idiots who couldn’t distinguish between that type of construction.

So I paid more attention to performance and live performances. If you lack immersion you have to do it elaborately.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“Thank you for your hard work!”

So when I came down from the concert I felt more empty than the usual joy.

It felt like the energy that was overflowing on stage had disappeared.

“…”

“What about the doormat?”

“What did you do so quickly!”

In the meantime I was somehow more upset that the other person left unscathed.

‘Why am I the only one who wastes my emotions?’

Sejin Lee was torn between fever and fatigue and eventually left holding back a sigh.

I planned to quickly get in the car and go back to the hotel and sleep.

Tirik.

But when I opened the hotel door and entered.

“Are you here?”

“…?!”

Someone was already sitting in the room.

“I got the key from my manager.”

The person who had his hand on the table was… Park Mun-dae.

Sejin Lee couldn’t believe her eyes for a moment.

‘this… ’

What’s going on?

Why on earth is the guy who went in first still here?

At that moment expectations flash through my mind.

‘no way?’

I’m trying to grab an apple…

“I’m sorry for trespassing.”

“Ah are you sorry about that?”

Fuck you.

Big Sejin felt like punching herself in the mouth. I don’t even know why I’m talking like this.

In the first place showing any signs of being offended seemed like a loss.

And… that’s why I was afraid that the relationship would become strange.

“I’m sorry for that and I’m sorry for something else as well.”

However despite these words Park Mun-dae answered calmly without any other response.

I was calm and somehow I didn’t like it even more.

“what.”

‘No are you really calm…?’

He almost burst into tears but immediately saw Park Moon-dae’s face and posture.

His expression was still serious but his hands were touching his fingers and his shoulders were moving slightly.

“…!”

Park Moon-dae… was very nervous.

“That’s what I didn’t explain properly to you yesterday.”

“…”

“My brothers don’t really know everything about my situation. “I only heard part of it.”

“You got caught?”

“okay. So this means that this is the first time I’m speaking with my own mouth.”

“…”

Sejin Lee forgot all the complexities and annoyances for a moment and focused on the conversation.

What on earth are you trying to say?

“First of all… I think it would be right to start by saying this.”

Park Moon-dae’s eyes lit up.

“I am not Park Mun-dae.”

“…??”

“And then I returned to the past.”

Sejin Lee began to wonder if she had actually fallen asleep in the car.
