---
title: "Chapter 333"
category: "book"
index: 332
section: "Chapter 333"
slug: "333"
---

# Chapter 333

Lee Se-jin also had his own guess about Park Moon-dae’s ‘secret’.

And among them there were some that I thought made some sense although they were unrealistic.

‘Are you Park Moon-dae’s cousin?’

In fact he knew Park Moon-dae who was older but he guessed that he was using the identity of a younger brother due to the situation.

Of course when I tried to think of the reason my reasoning became muddled to the point of absurdity so I would quickly quit.

‘Because I said I would tell you.’

While listening to those words didn’t you accurately pinpoint Park Moon-dae’s discomfort and receive recognition from him?

Still I had been making all kinds of guesses for a while and at one point even a spy from North Korea made a wild guess.

The way he goes out of his way to get results while suffering from amnesia and the way he manipulates public opinion fits perfectly.

Of course I immediately laughed it off.

‘It’s not some kind of drama but some kind of spy?’

But now Park Moon-dae said something even more unrealistic than that.

-I am not Park Moon-dae and I have returned to the past.

It was a statement that only a cult leader would make.

I was in a cold sweat.

‘what?’

Dreams… aren’t dreams usually like this?

Sejin Lee unconsciously turned her hand back and pinched her thigh.

‘Oh damn.’

…It hurt.

Meanwhile Park Mun-dae continued speaking.

“…I was originally a civil service exam student named Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…”

“The video call you saw yesterday was with that person and Park Moon-dae is there right now.”

Sejin Lee answered calmly.

“Oh… really?”

What kind of freezing ‘yes’ is that?

I had to think properly before reacting but I was just saying whatever came out of my mouth.

Lee Se-jin stood still and tried to figure out what Park Moon-dae’s intentions were…

“okay. If you want you can make a video call again right now. “Let me check.”

I’m going crazy.

“…hmm.”

Lee Se-jin became confused. Now I’m at a loss for words.

At that moment Park Moon-dae who was looking at himself dumbfounded smiled bitterly.

“You won’t believe it.”

“…!”

“Well… I thought so.”

Park Moon-dae spoke as if it was no big deal.

“That’s why I kept putting off talking until now and there is no particularly visible evidence. “It’s all just testimony.”

But the other person’s body language said something else.

His friend was in a cold sweat.

‘ah… ’

Lee Se-jin’s mind became dizzy. It was contradictory but at the same time he suddenly woke up as if he had been electrocuted or bitten by ice.

Is Park Moon-dae whom he knows the kind of person who would say something that doesn’t make sense in a situation like this?

‘no.’

Absolutely not.

The guy who performed the concert effortlessly even though he had a cracked rib couldn’t have done that to the guy who kept up his schedule even though he couldn’t sleep because his dreams were disturbed.

He had never seen anyone live as fiercely as Park Moon-dae.

And if he wasn’t mistaken his friend was sincere right now.

“I knew you would suspect it was mental illness. therefore…”

“no.”

“…”

Lee Se-jin moved his legs and walked.

And he sat across from Park Moon-dae across the table.

“I will listen so speak slowly.”

“…!”

Then after a brief moment of surprise a faint expression passed over Park Moon-dae’s face.

laugh.

It was a brief relief.

“I guess so.”

And Park Moon-dae’s words became a little more natural.

“Well… to start the story from the beginning it was Azusa a few months ago when I woke up to Park Mun-dae.”

From then on the story that Lee Se-jin knew well began to be told from a completely unexpected perspective.

＜Re-listing! The circumstances of Park Moon-dae’s participation in Idol Co. Ltd. and his success.

Of course there were some stories that were difficult to understand.

“They say that if you don’t become an idol you’ll die.”

“Hmm.”

It was said that some kind of instruction was floating in the air but Lee Se-jin kept his mouth shut because it really reminded him of mental illness.

‘Was that… schizophrenia?

Of course Lee Se-jin was not interested in this field and had no intention of looking into it so he couldn’t be sure but fortunately he was able to alleviate that impression soon.

This is because no matter where I looked Park Moon-dae did not appear to be suffering from paranoia or losing his mind.

More than anything I didn’t want to put that kind of suspicion on Park Moon-dae right now. I didn’t think that would work.

So instead I just listened.

With a light cheer.

“okay.”

“Hmm I see.”

He even made this joke.

“Then is that why you and Ahyeon became friends? Doing well in the future?”

Of course there were bones.

At that time Park Moon-dae looked at himself with a slightly relaxed expression and smiled.

“I had no intention of becoming friends with you but you tied me up and treated me like that.”

Park Moon-dae said that as a civil service exam student Lee Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun were not among the debutants he had vaguely heard of.

“ah.”

It’s not something I would do under these circumstances but it was a bit pleasant.

In the end whatever the truth it means that it was really Park Moon-dae’s pure kindness that solved the composite photo of his cigarette.

‘It’s really funny.’

Even though I was listening to these unrealistic stories I ended up becoming immersed and thinking about things like this.

In the meantime Park Moon-dae’s story has moved beyond his debut and entered the Testa period.

And among them there was some content that was so unrealistic that it felt like I had guessed just one blank spot in a puzzle.

“He’s the guy from before me who came back to the past.”

“…!”

VTIC Cheongnyeo.

“…Go to Cheongnyeo.”

“I guess you decided not to wear it senior.”

“What kind of senior are you in this game? really…”

In the end that guy was truly crazy.

Park Moon-dae only revealed that Cheongnyeo had returned to the past. And although it was vague that he threatened her in order to gain knowledge of the future Lee Se-jin read between the lines.

The absurdity of Cheongnyeo.

‘…isn’t he a psychopath?’

Could it be that he really tried to kill Park Moon-dae out of anger if he didn’t give him the right knowledge about the future?

A shiver ran down my spine.

However Park Moon-dae’s attitude was strangely kind.

“I’ve managed to come to my senses now so don’t worry.”

It wasn’t just a fight saying ‘If you report it we’ll lose money so let’s move on.’

Park Moon-dae’s unique generosity shown in close interpersonal relationships.

‘…We shared the same experience.’

Lee Se-jin briefly suppressed the growing resentment.

In fact even now my sense of reality had long since exceeded the tolerance level so it was a moment I should have moved on instead of arguing.

Moreover the next bomb was waiting.

“And speaking of Chung-woo… he is my relative.”

“…!”

“It’s the same Pungsan Ryu. “We’re closer than I thought.”

The situation became clearer as if I was solving another puzzle.

Why was Park Moon-dae reluctant to Ryu Cheong-woo and why did they quickly become close after they recently became roommates?

And when the two went out.

“…I went out to meet Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae did not mention the accident of his parents and Ryu Cheong-woo but that alone was enough to complete the rescue.

‘So Chungwoo… ’

Strangely enough the attitude toward Park Moon-dae has changed recently.

All the circumstances were correct. In the end Lee Se-jin emotionally acknowledged Park Moon-dae’s excuse that he was ‘caught’.

In addition Park Moon-dae also took care of the explanation of the next person.

“Brother Bae Se-jin found out that it was Chuseok. I was at his house. “I don’t know the details at all.”

“…”

Having reached that point Lee Se-jin began to feel a slight sense of shame.

‘It wasn’t a big deal but for no reason… ’

The explanations he had heard from Park Mun-dae so far were so unrealistic that he could not believe his ears but there was a clarity that came from his agony.

It was easy for Lee Se-jin to imagine how anxious he must have been to tell himself this ridiculous story.

‘You shouldn’t do that.’

He muttered honestly.

“…Sorry. “By urging.”

Park Moon-dae chuckled.

“You deserved it. “When did you mention it?”

From then on Park Moon-dae’s experiences continued to be summarized through word of mouth.

In fact Park Moon-dae omitted the daydreams in the coma and some truth confirmations that did not need to be mentioned but the content was still extensive.

And Park Moon-dae was consistently serious and seemed to be trying to answer Lee Se-jin’s questions honestly without equivocating.

There was no symptom of obsessing over useless details or repeating the same thing which is common when bluffing or lying.

“…”

Thanks to this Sejin Lee suddenly found herself completely immersed in this unrealistic story.

And before we knew it the story moved on to the most recent incident.

Park Moon-dae briefly returned to Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

“…So I returned to the point where I was riding the grand prize and gave my acceptance speech. “That’s why I suddenly forgot how to dance.”

Park Mun-dae who had concluded the last words like that ended his speech as if he were relieved.

“This is… my ‘ejaculation’.”

“…”

Se-jin Lee saw Moon-dae Park.

Then he got up and brought some water. Without hesitation Park Moon-dae took the plastic bottle and brought it to his mouth.

And Lee Se-jin silently organized his thoughts until Park Moon-dae had almost emptied half a bucket of water.

‘how is it?’

Anyway. I’m dying of confusion. I can’t understand it… It makes me wonder how it could be this unrealistic.

‘I don’t think dramas are like this.’

Although I was immersed in the speaker’s attitude my mind was saying something else.

At the very least as Park Moon-dae said there is no visible evidence.

but…

“I understand now. “You put it off because you thought I wouldn’t believe this?”

“…”

“I’m sure Moon Dae knows me well. But… you should know this too.”

Sejin Lee grinned.

“You really believe what I say~”

“…!”

How realistic is it that Lee Se-jin has successfully debuted and is touring as a popular first-tier idol performing in concert in front of tens of thousands of people?

Perhaps if he had known the future six months before &lt;Azusa&gt; came out he would have secretly laughed at the person who told him and pondered the hopeless reality.

But you did it didn’t you?

‘I did it with him.’

Perhaps it was more unrealistic for Lee Se-jin.

So he stopped laughing and answered seriously.

“You’ve always been like that. So I’ll do the same thing with this one. “I trust you Park Moon-dae.”

“…”

Sejin Lee added as a joke.

“And if you believe what you say the results will always be good. Are all the members like that too? “Park Moon-dae should have done better.”

At that moment Park Moon-dae laughed.

“…thanks.”

Park Mun-dae emptied the remaining half of the water.

Sejin Lee pretended not to notice that the hand holding the plastic bottle was shaking slightly.

Instead I once again realized how much I was convinced despite hearing such absurd things.

‘I got all my sleep.’

It seemed like all kinds of thoughts and reasoning would be heard throughout the night but Lee Se-jin didn’t show it.

Then it seemed like Park Moon-dae started talking about all of his thoughts.

“You probably knew it when you heard it.”

His friend who had crumpled a plastic bottle hesitated and muttered.

“I originally didn’t intend to be an idol. “You might be disappointed.”

What on earth is he talking about?

“Are you an idiot Park Moon-dae?”

“what?”

“You love being an idol so much but you say things like ‘That’s not what I originally wanted to do.’”

“…!”

“Is there anyone here who said they were going to be an idol from the beginning? If they were trying to survive it’s okay it’s okay.”

Park Moon-dae had an uncharacteristically bewildered expression.

“Better than that what should I call you? Can you call me Geonwoo? “Gunwoo gunwoo?”

As if Park Moon-dae had deliberately told him to be disgusted he was actually a bit disgusted.

The atmosphere became a bit lighter.

“it’s okay. “I’ve lived like this for several years.”

“okay. It’s because we’re from the survival world but these days everyone uses stage names. “Park Moon-dae is also your name.”

“…”

“Right Mundaemun University?”

“…okay.”

Sejin Lee grinned.

In fact before returning to the past I suddenly had the urge to ask if I had really heard anything about myself but I held back.

‘I guess it wasn’t good.’

If Park Moon-dae hadn’t been there he would have voluntarily left the show due to the school violence controversy… Even if Park Moon-dae knew about him it wouldn’t have been very good news.

So instead I said this.

“thank you. “It must have been difficult to talk about but please tell me.”

“…”

“Honestly it was dizzying to say something like ‘There are letters in this world that only I can see~’ wasn’t it? I could see that he was completely embarrassed… Wow!”

“It’s noisy.”

“haha!”

Keun Se-jin smiled coolly avoiding Park Moon-dae’s hand.

That day Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin had a long conversation before going to bed to prepare for the concert.

“Then how old were you originally?” “

“…I was 29 years old right before I came back.”

“Oh should I at least call you my brother? older brother?”

“it’s okay.”

“Wow… right. After all you’re a professional idol. It’s better to be young than to be treated like an older person… Wow! “I avoided it this time!”

“Tch.”

Most of it was trivial talk. However it was a strange feeling to hear a personal story that I had never heard before being subtly revealed.

“…You are from a very prestigious university Moon University! “Isn’t it a waste?”

“It’s not a waste. “It’s not even money.”

Park Moon-dae looked comfortable.

So Sejin Lee no longer had to regret getting angry at her friend over something unnecessary.

There wasn’t a drop of alcohol but the conversation went well and ended with a deep foundation built.

It was a new layer of trust.

And the next day.

Unlike yesterday Lee Se-jin regained her original sense of humor on the stage without any awkwardness.

‘Good good!’

He showed off a great ad-lib with Cha Yu-jin and Sun Ah-hyun on either side and then came down humming after a spectacular encore.

And the moment I tried to find Park Moon-dae.

“I see you reconciled well.”

“…!”

Sejin Lee looked back at the leader of the group who briefly tapped her shoulder.

Liu Chengwu was smiling slightly.

‘It’s obvious.’

Lee Se-jin immediately lowered his head.

“I’m really sorry bro! “I’ve been a bit like that these past few days right?”

“no. I was fine. “I just saw it in person… so I tried to act a little in case it might be difficult for the two of you.”

“…”

Oh no?

Now that I think about it suddenly last night the meeting time for the next day was delayed by about three hours.

I thought it was because of schedule adjustments.

“No way the meeting time was delayed…”

“Yeah well… we all did that to recover our stamina.”

It was designed to allow the two to communicate comfortably.

“…thank you.”

“We’re in the same group. Of course things like this have to match each other for them to last for a long time. “Everyone said we should do it right away.”

Liu Chengwu laughed. Sejin Lee was speechless for a moment.

This is because he thought that no one would be more sincere than him in doing his best to ensure that this group is maintained for the maximum possible lifespan.

‘…I was worried that I would miss out on personal activities once I got my annual leave.’

Sejin Lee admitted that… it might have been a bit arrogant.

Meanwhile Liu Chengwu continued speaking.

“Sejin Bae Sejin suggested it first. “I was worried about you both a lot.”

“I’m glad it was resolved well. “Oh there it is.”

When I turned my head following Ryu Cheong-woo’s chin gesture I saw Bae Se-jin talking to Park Moon-dae holding a towel next to the steel structure.
