---
title: "Chapter 334"
category: "book"
index: 333
section: "Chapter 334"
slug: "334"
---

# Chapter 334

Big Sejin believed it.

‘How did this happen?’

I don’t know either. I checked the status window last night to see if I had made any corrections but nothing happened.

In a state of complete peacetime Great Sejin understood the internal situation.

‘This is what happens.’

I’m still dazed. But… of course I don’t hate it.

It was a bit strange. Because I’ve never been this honest before.

Because I didn’t predict that my attitude wouldn’t change even after hearing the whole story.

Thanks to you I think I overdid the concert today.

‘I feel like my lungs are going to collapse.’

“Here!”

“thank you.”

I took a deep breath and looked down at the towel and smartphone given to me by the staff.

‘I didn’t even go here.’

In fact there was a preparedness plan I prepared for last night’s revelation.

‘Keun Se-jin has a realistic personality.’

And I thought that in order for a guy like that to convince me of the bullshit that only appeared in web novels I needed to show him at least real evidence.

But can such a thing exist?

The only thing that remains is context.

‘Testimony of officials.’

Since the only cards I could use were horses I tried to secure a variety of species.

First of all Liu Chengwu.

-If I can help of course I should.

However I told them to start talking first.

Next is the big moon.

-Um… are you having a video call with Lee Se-jin?

This guy was very welcome. There is nothing more to say.

In addition I made an appointment with Geundal to meet him later along with Keunsejin.

Next is the problem.

“…”

If I only recruit people who are friendly with me or who I don’t know well wouldn’t there be some room for suspicion?

From Big Sejin’s perspective it was necessary to recruit an official with a hostile relationship to fit the spectrum.

Cheongnyeo.

-is it so?

The guy seemed to be wondering ‘Why are you doing that?’ but he didn’t refuse.

I just said this.

-It doesn’t matter… but I don’t recommend it.

-Because I won’t believe it.

Yeah fuck it. Actually I suspected that too.

But I believed it.

‘He only believed me after hearing my explanation.’

I won’t deny it. Maybe it was because I was sleepy and out of my mind but when everything was over and I went back to my room at night I felt a thrill even to the top of my head.

Thanks to you I did something yesterday that would be buried in controversy if it were posted on the Internet.

I sent a text message to my senior in the early morning before going to sleep.

[I believed it]

And this is the reply I received this morning.

[is it so?]

[I’ll bring you next time^^]

Are you crazy?

‘Why are you naturally inviting me?’

I don’t know what your intention is. I looked away from my smartphone with uncomfortable eyes.

It was then.

“…What are you doing?”

“I was wondering if you had contacted me.”

“I see.”

Bae Se-jin spoke at that moment. The guy paused and eventually spoke with an expectant look on his face.

“You guys… reconciled?”

I laughed. He didn’t think he had time to talk because he was preparing for the concert but he asked as soon as it was over.

“yes.”

“Whoa…”

Bae Se-jin let out a long sigh of relief as if the tension had eased. The ground will disappear.

I looked at him again.

They said they were able to delay the meeting time thanks to this guy.

“Thank you.”

“What what?”

“In addition to the time you told Sejin Lee to talk to me.”

“…! “Did you hear that?”

“yes. Not on purpose but by accident. Thanks to you I also gained the courage to apologize.”

Bae Se-jin’s face looked like it was about to explode. I chuckled.

“But there was no need for you to apologize to him.”

“I know I was just saying this to start a conversation…!”

“…”

Is that so?

“He’s totally in the mood for you…”

“…”

Did it show off that much?

Bae Se-jin looked like he was about to let out a scolding.

“This is my first time in a situation like this… I don’t know if I did a good job.”

“Because you did a good job.”

We’ve been talking about that up until now. What are you talking about?

Still I understood what Bae Se-jin meant. Does that guy have any history of trying to mediate between peers?

‘It seems like he voluntarily bullied everyone else when he was in school.’

I guess that guy didn’t know that his first attempt would work so well.

“Okay anyway… I’m glad we reconciled…”

Bae Se-jin looked burnt white as if she had used up her life force from the unique experience but she looked very proud.

‘Should I at least make a late-night snack?’

As I was about to open my mouth I saw that Big Se-jin was approaching this way instead of talking to Ryu Cheong-wu.

‘Could it be that you and Ryu Cheong-wu each marked each separately?’

This is my first time being treated like this. And Keun Se-jin who approached me winked at me a few times and then spoke to Bae Se-jin.

“Hey bro.”

“Huh?”

“thank you. I heard it from Chungwoo. “I heard you delayed the meeting time?”

A look of ‘Did I tell you that too?’ crossed Bae Se-jin’s face but it seemed that pride soon won out.

“Well we are a group. It’s better for everyone to understand this… and! “I wasn’t the only one who thought this… everyone agreed.”

“…”

“Well why did you interfere with work? It could be that but this too…”

“I don’t think so.”

“…!”

Big Sejin touched his neck. That guy looks embarrassed.

“I didn’t know my brother would care so much about this. “No I’m not being sarcastic it’s true.”

“…”

I thought about leaving him behind and sneaking out but I decided to stay for now since there might be another dog fight.

Bae Se-jin did not seem angry but his expression calmed down.

“Why… you thought I wouldn’t care?”

“I thought you would avoid it even if you care about other members’ work. “It’s uncomfortable.”

“…!”

For your information I was the one who was surprised.

‘Why is this bastard talking straight out of his head?’

Even Bae Se-jin’s mouth which had been forced to speak through a filter began to slowly become freer.

“It’s a bit uncomfortable.”

“yes.”

“But there’s a concert tomorrow and I got involved in your fight… I did what I could.”

“…”

“You would have done the same.”

“…!”

Keun Se-jin’s face looked as if he had been hit. Bae Se-jin said with a rather plausible expression.

“Hmm isn’t it?”

“…no.”

At that moment Big Sejin relaxed his expression and smiled.

“Of course it was. Anyway I guess I had a needless misunderstanding. sorry.”

“…”

“And thank you. “Really.”

“okay. “Well you had a hard time.”

The atmosphere suddenly became lighter. I shrugged.

“…Park Moon-dae! “You worked hard too!”

You drag me in because you’re embarrassed.

“What? “Let’s go down slowly.”

“Oh yeah.”

Only then did the three of us start walking quickly down the hallway. Everyone else had already gone to the waiting room.

Meanwhile Big Sejin suddenly burst into laughter and even joked.

“Is that why you were out in the living room when we were roommates? “Do what you can?”

“No… it’s true that it’s uncomfortable.”

“…”

“…”

“yes. what.”

“Hmm next time I’m a roommate… let’s have that conversation.”

Keun Se-jin took on one more challenge.

“Brother you didn’t even respond properly when I spoke to you!”

“no! “I really have nothing to say about that!”

I knew it would be like this.

Still it’s much better to be honest and say what you don’t like.

‘I guess I knew in my head that we had no ill will toward each other but I couldn’t really feel it.’

I think I’m feeling it now. I shrugged.

“You know I really don’t understand you sometimes right?”

“know. so do i.”

It looks like Keun Se-jin and Bae Se-jin will be sorted out around that level this time.

It was a big step forward.

‘Even if you put them together they won’t explode.’

I accepted the unexpected income quite happily.

* * *

I went through a similar process as I entered the waiting room and prepared to return.

-Brothers! Welcome!

-Brother this is delicious. eat!

They try to hide it in their own way but these guys are all obvious.

‘I know that you guys fought and reconciled and I feel proud that I contributed in some way to that.’ That’s the atmosphere.

Even the staff passed by with a smile as if they had heard the rumor. Oh damn.

-Ahaha thank you~

Big Sejin didn’t stop laughing. It seems quite embarrassing that he knew everything. embrace. I am like that too.

Still he spoke quietly to me.

-Park Moon-dae If you have a problem tell me anytime? I also want to quickly meet the person who introduced me~

okay. It’s not bad if you want to see it with your own eyes.

‘It seems like I had a conversation with Ryu Cheongwu on my own.’

…I felt a little relieved. I straightened my shoulders. Then another guy caught my eye.

Seon Ah-hyun.

He was sitting alone in the corner watching something and was startled when his eyes met mine.

“…? Why why…?”

“no.”

Now that I think about it from this guy’s perspective I think it was a thorn in his side that two people of the same age on the team excluding him had a fight and then reconciled.

‘I didn’t know you knew this much.’

Besides in the future… there will be more things to talk about without mentioning this guy.

I hesitated for now.

“I’m sorry for bothering you.”

“Oh no…! “I was worried but I thought they would make up.”

Seon Ah-hyun laughed softly and then added in a low voice.

“Hey… if you have any concerns you can always tell me.”

“…”

Of course this guy doesn’t know everything…

“thank you.”

“What what?”

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled and started packing her luggage. I thought about it inadvertently.

‘I wonder how this guy will react if he finds out… ’

I don’t know. In the first place I didn’t know if I would even believe it but guess what?

Well I don’t plan on bringing Keun Se-jin into this game anyway so I don’t think Sun Ah-hyun will be left out much.

I also lifted my belongings next to him.

Then I found it. Bae Se-jin’s electronic device… hmm is it an e-book reader?

“This is my brother’s.”

“uh? okay.”

While I was holding it I handed it to him and in the process the device screen lit up.

It was locked but the title of the book was visible.

[A day when it’s okay to fight]

“…”

“…just for reference!”

“yes”

It’s a self-help book.

Really… I guess you worked hard.

‘It would be funny if I didn’t praise you here.’

I opened my mouth right away.

“I’m sure you’ll do well once you do it.”

Surprisingly Bae Se-jin was not surprised by these words. Instead he muttered in a slightly excited voice.

“I know. “I was surprised that there were things like producing that I thought I couldn’t do but once I tried I was good at it.”

“…”

“From now on… I’m going to try to be more proactive.”

“That’s a good idea.”

“huh.”

Bae Se-jin seemed to have made a new resolution.

And the opportunity to put that promise into action came soon.

A few days later.

“I received a response from the film company.”

“Oooh.”

Inquiries about the OST of a movie based on the game world of an abandoned factory seemed to have been safely delivered via T1.

However Ryu Cheng-wu who received a call from the company laughed awkwardly.

‘…an embarrassment?’

“It’s positive.”

“oh my god!”

“Wooooow!”

Cha Yu-jin who I was most looking forward to whistled. However Liu Chengwu’s embarrassed expression did not disappear.

“But… the deadline is very tight.”

“yes?”

no way.

“I think we’re in a situation where we’re pushing through now. So if you really want to participate…”

“If there is?”

“They say I have to release a demo within four days?”

“…!”

It was crazy.

Everyone reflexively looked at Raebin Kim. Because the situation required expert opinion.

But I already knew the answer.

‘It’s obvious even if you don’t look at it.’

As expected Kim Rae-bin’s eyes were sparkling.

“Indeed it is Brother Mundae. “You were concerned about this situation so you brought in a strong policy of training camp three days a week!”

“…”

Let’s say so.

K-Pop Hell Camp… Reopening.
