---
title: "Chapter 335"
category: "book"
index: 334
section: "Chapter 335"
slug: "335"
---

# Chapter 335

Everyone agreed that this time since it was an OST a slightly different approach was needed compared to the previous album songs.

“It’s not a collaboration like a game so we just have to make it fit the movie.”

“At the same time it is important to clearly show the testa color~”

The focus is on the movie and Testa is laid out as a base just enough to be recognizable.

However there is a problem.

“Ugh… It would be better if there was a main melody like in the crab game.”

“…You have to give me the materials to make it or not.”

The film company didn’t offer much.

Some of the keywords and scenario summaries given were ‘limited due to leakage issues’ and were worse than expected.

Let’s start with keywords.

[Space Cyberpunk Superpower Combat Focus]

The plot is at the level of an obvious sci-fi hero movie. There is almost no explanation of the worldview.

‘No matter what it’s too much.’

I frowned. You could at least write a confidentiality agreement but I think it would be less than informing people who come to audition.

“First we will compose the music while keeping in mind that it is background music in line with the movie OST writing style…”

So even if Kim Rae-bin shouted solemnly and started working the rest of the members had nothing to do.

‘I don’t know how to write an OST so what can I do in Zero Base?’

There are four days left but it’s hard to cram because I’ve learned it in a hurry.

‘At best I’ll just have to touch the melody… ’

There is no room for brainstorming. Dae-ron Lee was able to provide feedback on what Rae-bin Kim created with surplus manpower.

‘I started camp to avoid this situation.’

Nowadays when composing OSTs I have no choice but to follow the previous version which is a bit bitter. I turned my neck and stood up.

“Where are you going Mundae?”

“To drink water.”

“I’m going too!”

Cha Yu-jin followed along. For some reason it seems like it follows me whenever I go to the kitchen… but I don’t think I’m mistaken.

“Can I eat this?”

“okay.”

Let’s not tell you that since it is an expense anyway you are essentially paying half of it. Because this guy also has enough money.

Cha Yu-jin who was looking for snacks in the hotel refrigerator and stuffing them into her mouth suddenly spoke.

[Do you see the worry on your face?]

“…what.”

“Is it tasty! Take it!”

No need.

I suddenly took the nut he offered me chewed it and muttered.

“Are you worried?”

Isn’t it obvious?

“I guess it’s a forced process to draw the OST in four days. “There aren’t many ingredients provided by the company.”

I’m not a person who gets swayed by realistic words so it’s okay to say this much.

As expected Cha Yu-jin looked fine but shrugged her shoulders.

And then he made a bombshell statement.

“That company is doing this on purpose!”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin crumpled the snack bag and threw it into the trash can.

bang.

“I said it on purpose.”

[That’s right. This is completely clear. Well it seems like this company doesn’t want to give us work right?]

“…”

Keep talking.

I leaned against the wall. Cha Yu-jin also leaned against the wall.

[He said he was uncomfortable because we suddenly intervened. Well there may have been some bias at play.]

ah.

‘Is it racist?’

Since he was a local he probably knows better.

“Are you talking about experience?”

“There are none! But I don’t care.”

Now you also use double negatives.

Well looking at the guy’s expression that Cha Yu-jin’s Korean skills were insignificant anyway it seemed like nothing serious had happened.

“So I know this too. “If you do well I can’t say anything.”

oh.

“And you don’t have to. “We’re cool even if we don’t do an OST!”

“You wanted to go to America.”

[Well there’s always another option!]

It’s still the same. There is nothing to lose if you coolly refuse.

‘It’s been a while since this guy showed such active use of his head.’

It’s kind of interesting. Should I encourage it?

“Then I don’t want to quit but what if these bastards are annoyed?”

“Then I’m screaming that I want a 100% correct request. Stars are just like that. And] I want to do it! “My company sends emails.”

hmm.

It’s definitely a cool method… but it’s true that we squeezed in through the T1 line so there’s no need to give the opponent an excuse to openly refute it.

I grinned.

“Is there a quieter and cooler way?”

“…! “Tell me!”

okay.

“Hmm… Let’s start with the fact that these guys unfairly pretend to give us work.”

Rather it is a good situation.

I smiled and took the plastic bottle.

“You should pay attention to the fact that they say it that way.”

“Are the two different?”

“It’s different.”

I drank water.

“It’s a state where you can’t just refuse.”

So aren’t you making unreasonable demands by pretending that something isn’t happening?

“Oh…”

Cha Yu-jin nodded earnestly.

“But why do you like it?”

“It means that our company is putting in some effort.”

“Is it stronger than our company Limestone?”

How can even T1 do that against that crazy copyright giant?

“That’s not true it’s a collusive relationship. “T1 Entertainment distributes all Limestone movies in Korea.”

“Ouch.”

There is clearly a reason why the film company could not reject it. I don’t know what it is but T1 came up with a better deal than expected.

Perhaps T1 saw our proposal as a green light to flatter us by saying ‘Thank you very much.’

‘I was just about to be sarcastic because the proposal for a direct label fell through so you thought we bowed out on our own?’

It’s a complete misunderstanding but it’s convenient to use.

In any case T1 must have also wanted to increase the target singer’s overseas presence so they were excited and contacted a film company and made a big deal.

However the film company initially gave the okay considering the relationship with T1 but the working staff was annoyed that a non-American KPOP idol suddenly intervened.

I touched my chin.

‘Someone is messing around somewhere in the middle of film history.’

Did you think it was okay to do this because at most it was just one OST song by foreigners?

“I see who among the heads of Limestone’s working-level staff looks down on us.”

“all right! But when will you tell me how?”

“now.”

I grinned despite my fuss.

“okay. The meaning of the explanation so far is…”

“Please let me know!”

You are proud.

“It means that once we meet the absurd conditions these guys have called for they will have no choice but to give us the okay.”

“hmm?”

“It’s a situation that has been agreed upon by all the higher-ups. You can’t refuse without a justification. “I don’t know if it’s a modification request.”

Then it means you can shout.

“So the way is… to first send a well-made finished product.”

“Buuuuu. “That means losing.”

This guy.

“It’s not just about making it well it’s about making it by adding more than just keywords.”

I drank water.

“We are doing elaborate additional work by adding the existing hero movies of this film company and the game world view keywords of the game company.”

“Why do you do that?”

“I have to make you feel embarrassed.”

“hmm?”

I crumpled up an empty plastic bottle.

“I was honestly adding that when I sent it. “Because you didn’t send me too much I collected the data on my own.”

“Uuuuuh!”

“And my next words are important.”

“What is it?”

I laughed.

“I don’t think the person in charge knows much but when requesting an OST demo they usually kindly inform us that this level of information and period is required.”

“…!”

I shrugged.

“And when you have a meeting you can tell them like you’re teaching a kindergartener that they need to prepare for these things. Then it’s over.”

Even if it’s just one OST song you can’t skip preparing for the first meeting with an outsider without reporting it to your superiors.

Then even if you don’t know who the prankster is there is no way to escape. You will have to explain to both companies yourself what happened.

“WOW.”

Cha Yu-jin changed her stance.

“Bro that’s so badass!”

“Do you like it?”

“I like it!”

I’m glad you like it.

Cha Yu-jin asked for a high five and even ran to the hotel reception room to begin explaining herself.

“Let’s embarrass ourselves by making a great OST!”

“what?”

I knew it would be like this.

I completed the explanation by supplementing Cha Yu-jin’s words. The members looked confused but soon became serious.

“That’s a classy way.”

“It’s okay~ Even if something goes wrong we did our best.”

This means that even if something goes wrong you can unconditionally win the public opinion war. Yeah I considered that too.

“Shall we try a majority vote?”

“okay.”

The instant the unanimous OK was given Cha Yu-jin whistled.

“Our members are really cool!”

And Raebin Kim started having fun again.

“Then I guess we should get to work quickly.”

“okay. “We’ll quickly bring up movie and game references~ Good luck Ravin!”

“yes!”

In this way the surplus staff excluding Kim Rae-bin also had work to do.

“Well then should I tell the company what explanation to send there?”

“Well I think it would be more effective if we used it too.”

It is unlikely that an interpreter will be appointed who can capture all the subtle nuances in this short period of time. It would be better for us the parties involved to put in a little more effort.

‘There just happens to be the right person.’

“Do I do it??”

“no. You collect references. “Because I know American culture well.”

“OK”

Not Cha Yu-jin. He’s proactive but honestly I don’t think he’ll be good at using official vocabulary.

I turned my head.

“Ahyeon.”

“Huh…?”

“Can we write a description of our work in English?”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face brightened.

“Ugh…!”

This would be better since I studied abroad at a prestigious private institution and my English vocabulary is advanced. You just need to have it inspected by an expert before sending it out.

Moreover since Sun Ah-hyun does not often participate in producing it seems that she is glad that she has something she can do.

“I’ll work hard…!”

“good.”

I think this took some of the pressure off Seon Ah-hyun’s mind.

Big Sejin grinned.

“Ah it looks like everything has been sorted out. Shall we do our best again?”

“Let’s do it!”

The air became lively again.

And in that atmosphere Raebin Kim muttered as if he had now realized.

“Then considering the explanation and translation… the deadline was reduced by half a day.”

“…”

“…”

Raebin Kim raised his thumb.

“The planned camp date was originally three days so it seems like a perfect fit!”

Okay if you’re okay with it we’re all okay with it.

* * *

“Ah… I’m tired.”

The person on duty at TI ENT’s external cooperation department sighed.

The worst thing was that I had no choice but to be on emergency standby one day a week since overseas calls came even in the early morning Korean time.

I took a nap and watched Net Plus but I was still bored.

‘The reason I’m coming at this hour in the first place is because I barely have permission to view it.’

If an emergency arises from the few business partners you have been asked to do there is nothing you can do other than contact them quickly. The worker rolled up the company’s ERP system with a sigh.

Then I saw a document.

[TeSTAR movie cooperation case]

Because she was such a hot idol I heard rumors about her in the Al-Eum Al-Eum department.

‘I said first that I would work with Limestone.’

And I think I heard that they sent an actual demo the day before yesterday.

I didn’t have permission to read it so I just glanced over my shoulder but I could tell that even the explanatory text attached as an appendix was put together with great care.

So I felt uncomfortable.

‘Is it even like this… ’

To be honest it seemed a bit servile.

‘It seemed like everyone was ignoring them but the idol who won the grand prize in our country… ’

Could it be that the company ordered it to do that?

For some reason the employee’s pride was hurt so he used it as an excuse to gleefully curse at the company.

And the future was also briefly predicted based on time.

‘If you give me an OK sign as if you’re selected I’ll use it to unplay or fight you this damn company… ’

It was then.

A new email has arrived.

[Fw\: In response to your request of…]

It caught my eye first from the recipient.

‘Limestone!’

I wanted to click it quickly but I didn’t have permission. So one thing caught the eye of a worker who was just barely scratching the surface.

Attachment capacity.

‘uh… ’

What arrived was a pile of files as large in volume as Testa had sent…!

‘What on earth did they send me to do that?’

A simple OK sign couldn’t have been this big and it wasn’t even a contract clause.

‘I-Ssi!’

It was frustrating that I couldn’t see it because I didn’t have permission to view it…! The officer on duty sighed.

And after daybreak the person on duty finally hears the circumstances in the email.

That it was a gesture of voluntary tax return and reconciliation.

‘Woah!’

It was a refreshing surrogate cider.

‘What on earth did you send? How much better did you make the song than that?’

* * *

“The correct request has arrived.”

“oh.”

It worked.

Of course I don’t know what he will say when he actually leaves the meeting.

‘No if this happens we can just exchange emails without a meeting.’

Still I didn’t bother to stop the members from smiling and giving high fives.

‘One win is one win.’

Liu Chengwu smiled and continued the briefing.

“There are almost no requests for modifications only a few requests for arrangement related to the song structure.”

“It’s not difficult!”

Raebin Kim is almost flying. He shows an unbelievable proactiveness for a guy who worked for three days while drinking caffeinated beverages like water.

‘It looks like fun.’

It was then. Liu Chengwu showed a puzzled look.

“And… they say we should sign a contract that includes cameo appearances?”

“…?”

“Really? Movie cameo?”

“huh.”

I was impressed.

these guys…

They’re really trying to take advantage of Korea’s box office success by saying things like this have happened.

“You’re talking about this movie right?”

“huh. “I guess it just appears in the background.”

“If that’s the case…”

“Are you okay?”

And naturally we all looked at one person.

“Why why…?”

“I’ll just trust you.”

“…!?”

The time has come for genius child actor Bae Se-jin to take on the challenge of Hollywood.

“Don’t believe it!”
