---
title: "Chapter 336"
category: "book"
index: 335
section: "Chapter 336"
slug: "336"
---

# Chapter 336

As soon as Testa accepted the offer the film production company called him to the United States 10 days later.

It seems like filming was already in full swing.

‘I guess we intervened while the schedule was already quite advanced.’

But you even offered me a cameo?

I thought this was a gesture of reconciliation and ambition but I think we should be more open to other possibilities.

‘It could be for watering purposes.’

I was thinking of mentioning that I should at least prepare my mind but there was no need to.

“Even if it’s just a passing scene you may have to wait for hours because you don’t know what the order will be. “I probably didn’t skip that day for no reason.”

“Ohh.”

“Of course Hollywood may have a different system but we will definitely be pushed down in priority so consider it…”

This is because Bae Se-jin is focusing on field problems like a bomb.

Thanks to this the atmosphere of ‘I’m doing a cameo in a movie to refresh myself in the middle of the tour~’ has disappeared. Everyone was set up to greet their new job like a newbie going to a meeting.

In the meantime Bae Se-jin is now trying to take care of things.

“…but it could be good! Film acting definitely has its charm!”

The effect was minimal.

“I guess so.”

“I think it’s a different issue from whether we can perform well.”

“…I was an idol too! “You can do it too!”

“It is difficult to generalize because it is not a case of the same person…”

“That’s right~ Let’s do our best!”

“…??”

By blocking Kim Rae-bin Keun Se-jin calmed the mood.

‘It was blocked well.’

Bae Se-jin seems to want to persuade him until the end but that’s enough.

I spent some time on the plane looking through the materials they sent me for the OST.

Of course it’s English.

‘I knew you wouldn’t translate. ‘Because time is running out.’

The agency provided a summary translation but the quality was not very good. As soon as the label becomes independent I need to find a full-time professional interpreter.

The good news is that Cha Yu-jin and Sun Ah-hyun gave a briefing so everyone was well aware of the movie’s content.

To summarize this is it.

[The story of a delivery man who accidentally goes into space through a naturally occurring warp gate after the Earth is half destroyed and has a dangerous and exciting adventure!]

It only borrowed the science fiction format but the actual style seems to be a mix of a western and a hero movie.

‘And the universe system in this story of the Earth’s ruin is in the style of the Ruined Factory game series worldview.’

While monitoring 〈127 Section〉 I checked words I had seen several times and titles that appeared in new games.

‘It’s a bit confusing because it’s in English… ’

“If you need to explain every word I can tell you…”

“Then thank you.”

“Ugh!”

I listened to the explanations of Sun Ah-hyun who was sitting next to me on the plane and put the plan together.

Let’s check once more what role we will play through the cameo.

‘Hmm… I wonder if this is an homage to the starting game characters we collaborated with before.’

It seems to appear briefly in a battle scene.

There is no need to prepare anything in particular. There was only one line.

I thought this would happen because the film company bought the worldview rights and there were no copyright issues. Because it was an expected draft I was able to easily organize the effects and side effects in my head.

“…hmm.”

And predict.

‘I think I’ll be ridiculed if I criticize it.’

Isn’t this an overly one-dimensional interpretation and intervention? And I’m also worried about makeup.

‘There are no Northeast Asians among the main characters.’

Even if all 7 of us showed up at the same time it would be difficult to make a good impact and it would also be difficult to avoid the feeling of discomfort.

“Hmm.”

“Mumundaeya?”

“Oh I want to look at the scenario book.”

I put aside the documents related to our scene and took out the scenario summary again.

My brain spun tensely.

It was 12 hours before arriving in the US.

* * *

And finally arrived in the United States.

We entered and moved privately and quietly. Fortunately nothing major happened as T1 was already drinking kimchi soup and hitting the Unplay.

The first place we went to after that was… the filming location for the Dajjagojja movie.

That’s fun.

“Uh… why don’t we start with the OST meeting?”

“They said they couldn’t change the filming set schedule. “It is said that the schedule is completely divided by time.”

Certainly regardless of the scale the site was running quietly and smoothly by people taking care of their own business.

“…”

“…I thought it would be noisy.”

Even Bae Se-jin seemed a little embarrassed. The person who was temporarily on site as a guide smiled and spoke in Korean.

“This kind of specialized division of labor is a unique advantage of Hollywood.”

“Oh yes.”

And after hearing a few words of explanation and saying hello to the assistant director… I started waiting in the trailer.

“…”

“Hmm.”

At this point everyone seemed to have sensed the atmosphere and bitter smiles broke out among the members.

“You’re neglected.”

“I know.”

They’re pretty good at providing me with blankets and food but I haven’t even started putting on makeup yet.

It seems like only our managers and officials are working hard.

‘Is it going as expected?’

It seemed like it wasn’t checked properly. It’s a bonus treatment that I haven’t received in Korea since joining the first team. This is fun too.

“The manager must be having a hard time~”

“I guess communication isn’t going well. Should I go out and come back?”

While listening to some guys talking I was making my own plans.

Cha Yu-jin sitting next to me stabs me in the waist.

“…?”

What is it?

When I looked at him he muttered awkwardly.

“This is not normal!”

“then?”

“It’s a bad thing.”

Cha Yu-jin then spoke only with her mouth.

‘Pretend you didn’t hear.’

“…!”

[It’s a pretty classic method.]

Oh… I mean.

‘Are you saying that you’re ignoring our staff right now as if it wasn’t intentional?’

This crossed the line of fun.

I crossed my arms.

“What is the basis?”

[In Hollywood actors are basically the best. But look at this treatment. They treat us like extras or props not actors.]

“…”

That sounds plausible.

I saw earlier that you were so concerned about the time schedule but we don’t have any special provisions in the contract and we have set aside plenty of time so I guess we can afford to be lax about this.

“What’s wrong Eugene?”

“hmm.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged and looked at me. What are you telling me to translate?

I only briefly talked about reality.

“It seems like these people are intentionally trying to delay our filming until the very last minute so we can film it.”

“…ah.”

“Ugh.”

Everyone sighs as if they have guessed the atmosphere.

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly.

“It’s just as Bae Se-jin said.”

“…no. “I said this while thinking about filming in Korea but things seem different here.”

Bae Se-jin continued speaking with a stern expression.

“If you’re doing this on purpose… it’s harassment.”

And Kim Rae-bin was shocked.

“…! “Is this racism?”

okay. That’s it.

“Well there was a hasty intervention… Race and recognition as foreigners may have also played a role.”

How to deal with work that suddenly pops up when the schedule is already set depends on one’s strength.

And in their perception we don’t seem to have much power.

“…”

I craned my neck to check on the others.

No one is outraged.

It’s not like we didn’t get treated like this before we sold 1 million copies.

“It reminds me of ‘Azusa’.”

“Wow that’s right.”

Crucially the experience is weaker than the debut program.

They are calm as befits people who have been through a lot of trouble even before their debut. I shrugged.

“Since we have a meeting in the evening anyway let’s talk about it first after the meeting.”

I asked the guy who spoke.

“how is it.”

[If I leave out here I won’t be able to film because you guys refused to go over schedule. Will this end up as a violation of the contract?]

“I guess so.”

“yes!”

Sun Ah-hyun was immediately convinced. So it means that two guys who drank foreign food came to the same conclusion.

“Hmm.”

“Oh I’m embarrassed.”

Aside from being angry they seem to be allergic to punk as expected of people who enjoy their work.

“What do you think about Moon University?”

What am I?

I crossed my arms.

“I… I don’t think it would matter if I broke the contract.”

“…!”

“It’s not like I’m going crazy because I want to do a cameo.”

I looked at Bae Se-jin with a stern face.

“It would be very disappointing if my brother’s advancement to Hollywood fails…”

“hey!”

Bae Se-jin was furious. The atmosphere became lighter for a moment but he soon calmed down.

“Anyway I don’t really want to film in a situation like this. “Because I’m not doing it under my own name but under the group’s name.”

“brother…”

There is an automatic reaction from people who know that this guy has been giving advice these past few days but pretending not to be excited.

“that’s right. “It’s too small of a role for Sejin to appear.”

“That’s not it!”

I chuckled.

“It was a joke. In fact I don’t think it will amount to a breach of contract.”

“…?”

“Why why?”

“They won’t be able to give up the OST no matter what.”

“I think we’ll come out quite amicably at the dinner meeting so we don’t get into trouble about that.”

“…!”

If they say they will remove it after hearing the finished version those bastards are fucking god.

The people working in the field and the people there have been completely divided so even if the treatment here is like this the OST people in charge can never play around anymore.

I was bitten badly once…

“Kim Rae-bin made it so well.”

No matter what politics I played with in the explanation it actually worked because the finished version was good.

“Oh…”

“After all Ravin is a genius.”

“That is an undeserved compliment. I will work hard.”

okay. Take a breath and speak. The atmosphere was set that way. In fact it was as if a conclusion had been reached.

Big Sejin shrugs his shoulders.

“Then… shall we go out?”

The members turned their heads to each other a few times and then even Sun Ah-hyun nodded.

“Let’s go out.”

“OK~”

At that moment Cha Yu-jin kicked out the trailer as if she had been waiting.

“…!?”

Those who look back to see what this is ignore them.

“Let’s find a manager first.”

“yes.”

And we blocked everything by saying we would talk about it again after the meeting and left the filming set taking care of the company staff.

The staff just pretended to stop him and followed him.

‘It looks like you’ve been in a bit of trouble.’

“We say that if anything goes wrong we will have problems with our tour schedule due to the psychological trauma and will file a claim for damages.”

“good.”

Thanks to this everyone’s combat power has increased.

Even Bae Se-jin was excited as he entered the hotel.

“We don’t have to put up with that… rudeness. “Isn’t that right?”

“Of course.”

Besides that.

In fact from the moment I was first shown to the filming set until the meeting I was planning to persuade them to skip filming and drag it out.

‘On the contrary it helps.’

I shrugged.

Even though I haven’t even implemented the plan it’s proceeding smoothly on its own.

‘Thank you Tetsey.’

That’s how we escaped filming the cameo on the first day.

It was my first schedule lapse as a member of the Testa group.

* * *

And the meeting place that night.

Surprisingly the executive producer of the film production side came out.

‘It’s rare.’

I never thought that the highest ranking members of the working team would appear in the OST work.

“Isn’t it right that the director appears…?”

“They say the supervisory authority is not that great in this town. “You saw how everything was divided.”

“I see.”

I’m glad the interpreter didn’t translate what we were learning between ourselves.

Afterwards accompanied by an employee dispatched from T1 the usual greetings and brief introductions were exchanged.

The interpreter carefully conveyed the producer’s words.

“They are asking if there was a problem with the filming and why you didn’t film it.”

Ah is this why the producer came out?

It seems like a report was made to T1 after leaving the filming set and it looks like something happened between the higher-ups.

I nodded.

“I couldn’t hear any explanation and had to wait indefinitely. “It was cold in the trailer but you can’t go on tour because you hurt your neck.”

If you use English here it will feel like you are adjusting to the limited vocabulary. I have no intention of doing so.

When the interpreter translates these words the producer nods as if he understands.

And this is what came out.

“Well… they said they were very sorry that things had turned out this way but it would have been better if you had been more respectful of their time since it is almost impossible to reschedule the filming set…”

“…!”

Wow.

Bae Se-jin was furious.

“No we’re not like that…”

“Hyung hyung wait a minute.”

okay. They seem to be mistaken that they are angry because we were pranked with a few keywords during the request and are taking out their anger on an unexpected cameo shoot.

It was when the atmosphere became cold.

Suddenly a barrage of polite English came out.

[It is definitely not a normal situation to just wait without any instructions. And the words of our employees were not properly conveyed to the assistant director. Shouldn’t respect be mutual?]

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun spit out a long sentence in English.

The guy’s face was pale but his gaze was stern.

And it was a situation that had not been agreed upon with anyone.

Big Sejin was impressed.

‘I guess Ahyeon is really upset.’

‘I know.’

I kept my mouth shut. The producer looked a little embarrassed but did not seem angry at Sun Ah-hyun’s words.

On the contrary it seemed that only then did his mind begin to return to a proper understanding of the situation.

And after a while the interpreter spoke again.

“You say there seems to have been a mutual misunderstanding. “They say they will be more respectful of your time on site.”

“…yes.”

Sun Ah-hyun kept her mouth shut. He didn’t look very satisfied but I gave him a light slap on the back.

‘Well done.’

This is enough to create an atmosphere. Sun Ah-hyun smiled faintly.

And I opened my mouth again.

“Then let’s film the cameo again on a different day and in a different scene.”

“…!”

I will eat you without any hesitation even to the point of pretending to give in.
