---
title: "Chapter 337"
category: "book"
index: 336
section: "Chapter 337"
slug: "337"
---

# Chapter 337

Let’s look again at Testa’s cameo appearances in existing movies.

-When the main character leads a large-scale battle the role is to back up a supporting character and then disappear.

‘It’s the perfect composition for homage or parody.’

Looking at the scenario scene it looks like quite a few game characters will appear in passing as well as us.

‘If I were to guess it would probably be in the middle or latter part of the movie right before the climax.’

But what would happen if we suddenly appeared as game characters without being established actors or CGs?

Even if you do well you will barely break even.

If you are a little clumsy it becomes solemn.

‘If I go any further I will be ridiculed on the Internet.’

It’s understandable that the director and the field won’t like it. This is clearly a choice made by the production company as a company.

And the producer sitting in front of us right now is the head of the working-level staff positioned between the production company and the production team.

It is a position that has authority but can also empathize with the field.

But even now justification has been pulled from our side. That person is ready to listen.

‘Sun Ah-hyun created the atmosphere well.’

Now if it seems like a good idea to wear a red skirt I will accept it.

So I slowly opened my mouth.

First of all carrots.

“We have no intention of infringing on the filming set’s schedule. “It may not be possible in the first place because of the tour schedule.”

We’re busy too kid.

When the interpretation was delivered the producer nodded quite seriously. I continued speaking.

“So how about we proceed simply enough to recognize that a tester has been released? “Our contract must be fulfilled.”

An interpreter relayed the producer’s words.

“They say we should proceed to secure a schedule by checking as many similar scenes as possible.”

Thinking that we were bowing down too he quickly asked.

I thought that would happen but it just wasn’t going to happen.

I laughed inwardly.

You can’t appear in a fight scene with that shitty cosplay vibe.

It will come out as a different image.

“If you make it that difficult it’ll be uncomfortable for both of you so it’s okay to make it a little easier.”

induce.

As I was reading the script summary on the plane I recalled all the scenes I had noticed.

And I picked one of them up.

“How about something like this scene instead?”

This is because as soon as I returned to the hotel I asked our staff who had been wandering around on set and noticing things.

Did you hear any of the staff mention any of the scenes I filmed?

And I got one.

-Oh this…

-Did you say that?

-yes. Well I think it was some time later that this actor said he was using this set?

That’s this scene.

The final draft fits the schedule perfectly.

I handed the relevant page of the summary to the producer.

“It’s more fun for a singer to play the role of a singer. “We are singers so large fight scenes may seem awkward.”

A cut that can be hit and left with little disruption to the shooting schedule and at the same time a cut that we can use as an image.

This goes for it.

“I don’t need to do anything special just say a few words and insert a background so I think you’ll find it easy to use.”

The producer listened to the interpreter. I looked around slightly.

Since it had already been agreed upon at the hotel no one was particularly upset.

However Cha Yu-jin who was sitting closer to the producer slightly raised her eyebrows humorously. I felt like I heard something.

‘oh.’

Cha Yu-jin grinned. I understand roughly what is being said.

After some time.

“You said you would like to hear the story in more detail.”

In fact it was an OK sign.

‘yes.’

I shrugged.

And three days later the afternoon cameo filming proceeded as scheduled.

* * *

Late winter morning.

As always on Hollywood sets the workers know exactly what they are doing.

Even if what was waiting for them was just a series of unpleasant things to do it was no different. If it was just to make a living I would have gone to law school and not be here.

The same was true for the assistants who were like the feet of the production team. As the youngest of the PAs she barely heard the briefing while checking the coffee on set.

“You have extra people?”

Even though it was a short cameo appearance it was rare for someone to be suddenly added on the same day like this.

When she asked who the ‘exception’ was she gave a short answer to her teammate.

“KPOP star.”

“ah.”

They were foreigners who left their place without permission a few days ago.

I don’t know how well-known they were in their country but it was a band that even she who knew what KPOP was didn’t know.

‘VTIC? ‘There’s only one KPOP boyband name I know.’

She frowned slightly as she remembered her younger sister who was crazy about KPOP but soon straightened it out.

“Joan was definitely rude.”

The attitude taken by the assistant director and half of the production team during filming at the time was excessive.

It was something you would do to an unknown actor. Whether it’s okay to do something like that just because you’re an unknown person is another discussion.

“Still you have the guts to leave.”

The teammate’s words were ironic.

If you can’t stand it and leave the trailer you should give up on succeeding in Hollywood.

‘It’s going to be a rough day.’

She briefly assessed how much of a mess this band would make of her day after leaving the set in one day and eventually sighed.

“Is the filming extended?”

“30 minutes.”

“Uh… I guess I’ll just have to pray that Steve doesn’t kill anyone.”

“I’ll just have to pray that it ends quickly.”

The chat ended quickly. She took the call and started running around the scene again.

The set and effects were extremely realistic as the director used CG as much as possible and was able to save on set costs.

It was a good environment for acting which is rare in this movie series where actors often act wearing only a green jumpsuit.

‘Still… what on earth are you going to film here?’

This scene was the early part of the scene that showed the vast scope of the world view where the main character who first appeared on the space station went into a bar and met a helper.

There was no room for KPOP stars wearing strange clothes anywhere.

‘Well Joan the assistant director would know.’

Because I was in a position to manage and manage trivial matters at the filming site. She held back a sigh and moved her desk.

And that was the moment when I was about to pile up a few chairs.

Her feet twisted.

“Uh huh.”

I stepped on the wrong floor.

‘oh my god!’

The assistant closed his eyes for a moment but did not collapse to the floor along with the chair.

Instead someone snatched the chair she was holding.

“Are you okay?”

“…! Ah ah… yes.”

“Oh my god why did you carry so much? “I can see people playing over there.”

It was a lively and relaxed voice.

‘Who is it?’

Although she was momentarily puzzled she got up from her slumped body.

And I was surprised.

“Everyone has a job to do…!”

“Well I guess that’s right.”

When I looked up there were more than ten people standing in front of me. All are Asian and most are male.

And the tall boy who carried her luggage grinned.

“My job is cameo. nice to meet you. “This is Testa.”

“hello!”

The boys of my age who greeted me from behind were quite polite. They all had good skin and good looks but some were too pretty in her eyes.

‘Still you have a good attitude.’

The concerns I had a few minutes ago disappeared like a joke.

“hello. yes. thank you.”

She suddenly thought of something like ‘You speak English well’ then swallowed it and gave a normal answer.

As if he had noticed this the pink-haired boy behind him opened his mouth with strange eyes.

“This guy is from here. California.”

“Oh that’s right.”

Now that I think about it anyone who hears it has this state’s accent so they are even more surprised when they look up.

She looked again at the boy who helped her.

He has a good physique is relaxed and has the unique spirit of a successful person.

“You can call me Eugene.”

“Hmm I see.”

“You’ll be okay with not having that delicious sandwich in the trailer today right?”

That way of speaking… he was definitely from California. First of all tone down negative comments into positive ones. She smiled weakly.

“Maybe so. “First of all I will guide you to Joan… the assistant director.”

“thank you!”

As she took steps to hand them over to the assistant director she heard a foreign language being spoken behind her.

[Wow Yujin speaks so well?]

[i know!]

I don’t know what it meant but it was a bright tone. It doesn’t seem to be that bad.

‘Have they at least increased the amount of cameos?’

What is certain is that the assistant director’s attitude has also changed. Joan suddenly began to treat them in an overly polite manner.

‘What on earth?’

Anyway they quickly occupied the set before the main actors filming today arrived.

She also moved quickly.

First of all snacks and drinks.

“Where can I take it when it’s finished?”

Instead of their staff a pink-haired boy glanced back at himself and briefly answered raising his hand.

Put it up?

“thank you. “Up there.”

“…?”

She raised her gaze to her hands.

The boy continued speaking in a harsh tone.

“We are going to perform.”

oh my god.

The place the hand was pointing to was… a corner of the bar that had been created for perfection.

A small stage in a bar.

They are here to act as performing extras in the background of this scene!

It was ridiculously simple.

‘Why are you doing this… why are you doing this?’

No matter how much makeup they put on the question was whether this crazy set atmosphere would suit them.

Meanwhile preparations for the filming were going on steadily and the boys went through a camera test and actually stood on the backstage of the bar.

‘The sound will be processed in hindsight anyway so all you have to do is pretend.’

They controlled the microphone and one even actually sat down at the keyboard. There was also a boy who asked about the use of a strange space instrument.

And the moment filming actually began in a quiet location without any expectations.

Ugh~

The bar set goes dark with mirror balls and glow-in-the-dark lights flashing.

-Black hole

A rich sound comes from a microphone that is not intended for singing.

“…!”

Amazing tones formed a harmony and the accompaniment poured out like lasers or starlight.

But it wasn’t elegant. A sound with a texture like randomly drawn crayons bounced around.

An addictive song with a fast beat that goes well with a kitschy space opera. And a band singing in a quite rebellious manner on a narrow stage.

-Let me swallow it

All of that blended in incredibly well with the atmosphere of a bizarre bar that faithfully showed off the aspects of a science fiction back alley.

A talent for seizing the moment.

“…”

She emotionally understood why the boy had left his home state and traveled to a far away country.

‘It’s hard to reject a team like that.’

Considering the fact that they were not formed as a team in the first place and were only a temporary group of survival survivors they were intended to be the flagship.

In any case the OST performance which was arranged to last only two minutes left not only her but also quite a few workers dumbfounded.

During the heightened parts and climax there were even staff members shaking their bodies slightly while watching without realizing it.

Tuk.

“thank you.”

Even the leisureliness of those who said hello at the end added to its own status. It was the attitude of a truly popular celebrity.

‘…It was unexpectedly good.’

Moreover they didn’t look at the camera until the end as if it wasn’t there. It was a skillfully prepared attitude for the movie.

That made it even more sad.

‘It’s all going to be edited anyway…!’

There was zero chance of this performance being saved in a movie. This is because it is such a sudden and external factor. o

At most this was filmed as a candidate to be revealed behind the scenes!

She somehow felt that this fact could not have been more unfair.

I understand why they chose this as a cameo scene but it was unfortunate that they made a mistake because they didn’t know much about this field.

“phew.”

It was just a vain worry.

This is because the parties involved did not have such expectations in the first place.

What they were aiming for was not simply to make this performance look cool and be included in the movie.

It was a connection to what was to be filmed next.

“Hmm.”

“You won’t film any more performances right?”

“Looking at the atmosphere I think so.”

Park Moon-dae who left the microphone opened his mouth to Bae Se-jin among the members waiting for the next cut.

“Brother now show me the acting skills of a genius child actor.”

“go for it!”

“You don’t have to feel burdened but we want you to know our deep faith and trust!”

And Bae Se-jin nodded earnestly putting to shame past reactions such as ‘It’s just one line of dialogue but it’s like some guy’s control over the camera.’

“…okay!”

“Oh!”

‘I was immersed.’

Park Moon-dae judged Bae Se-jin’s condition.

Bae Se-jin refused the water offered by the staff and just adjusted her gown with calm eyes.

And some time later the ‘real’ cameo filming took place after the actors joined.

“…!”

The youngest assistant completely understands why the KPOP band chose this on the spot.

At the same time I am engulfed in confusion.

‘That guy… why is he in a boy band?’

* * *

Two months later.

The film’s tentatively edited internal blind preview premiered and Testa’s editing volume did not decrease despite the feedback from this preview.

However as the rumor spread speculative articles began to appear in Korea as well.

[“Korean game world view” Limestone’s new movie… Will KPOP idols appear?]

The match was about to fall on the dry firewood.
