---
title: "Chapter 338"
category: "book"
index: 337
section: "Chapter 338"
slug: "338"
---

# Chapter 338

april.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan came to the movie theater for the first time in a long time.

‘I turned!’

Even the college student thought it was crazy that he was going to win after attending all kinds of preview events during the midterm exam period when graduation was just around the corner.

That’s because of a trashy article that isn’t even clear.

Rumor has it that a KPOP idol will appear as a cameo in this Limestone movie.

And as it turned out that movie was the very same sniping movie based on the worldview of the game series of ‘Ruined Factory’ which created 〈127 Section〉.

Naturally candidates for groups that could be associated with were hotly sought after but the number one priority was her idol.

Because all the circumstances were correct.

– Wouldn’t you have used a group you collaborated with? Common sense tells you

-Wow is it ㅌㅅㅌ?

-I’m so excited. What’s going on?

On the surface expectations were a mixture of positivity and anxiety.

Of course the game community in question criticized the game company saying things like ‘They targeted the US and ruined their original intention.’

If the ‘KPOP idol-incorporation’ was true the general consensus was that the game worldview was sold cheaply for the sake of over-the-top marketing.

And interestingly similar reactions were coming from the underground idol fan community.

– As soon as I received the domestic grand prize I sent Cheon Jo-guk to him. He was so shabby that he was at a loss for words.

-It’s strong.

-Now Korea is a fish that has been caught. Yes I live while watching the translation haha.

-Idol cameo hahaha already haha are you crazy because your hands and feet are missing?

For your information Kim Rae-bin’s fans were also this group.

‘Could it be that the independent label was also a piece of cake to send to America?!’

Fans who were already skeptical and thought ‘There is no way the company would give an independent label’ were preparing to attack the agency early on.

At the same time externally they are even trying to hide negative reactions to Testa.

‘I wonder if it’s really the agency that caused me this much trouble during my inactivity period.’

However despite this enthusiastic response T1 Stars did not make any official statement.

Normally this company would have gone crazy whether it was for the first time or a media play but the quietness actually made fans more anxious.

It became suspicious.

‘Isn’t the quality so trash that even Unflow can’t use it…?’

‘I guess they bundled the kids up and sold them on some kind of garbage deal right?’

‘Why are you taking such a long time with a cameo appearance? ‘Is there anything more?’

Unfortunately Testa was on tour so it was difficult to ventilate him with other content.

Combined with the fact that he didn’t bother to answer even when questions were plastered in the comments on W Live it became an established opinion that Testa had actually appeared and was keeping it a secret.

And anxiety heightened.

‘Don’t come out better don’t come out!’

That’s what the college student was thinking as he frantically searched for all the preview draws.

But time passed steadily.

The first day preview of the movie was held yesterday.

And then everything turned upside down.

-crazy

-Limestone is always right

-Oh just come and see.

-ㅋㅋㅋ Gukppong don’t worry just buy the bastards ah~~

The movie was a decent film with an average of 4 stars from critics. It succeeded in bringing out the game world in an attractive way providing good material for Gukbong YouTubers.

Moreover Testa’s appearance…

-I’m really shocked my kids are like that.

She only saw this and logged out.

‘Some crazy bastard posts spoilers so they can be searched for!’

This was so as not to be affected in advance. And I never accessed social media again until I came to this preview today.

They didn’t even check Testa’s official SNS.

‘I just look at it and evaluate it based on zero base.’

It’s not a day or two that part-time commenters are manipulating movie ratings and it’s not every day that fans try to influence public opinion on the first day.

She organized her thoughts with such alertness.

‘The only thing that is certain is that Testa will appear!’

The college student sat in the movie theater with a cool-headed mind.

“Hey I have popcorn.”

“shut up.”

Since there was no one to bring him he gave his younger brother a shout-out and soon after the emergency route instructions ended and a logo appeared.

Limestone’s unique English sentence.

And the title.

[Cosmic Gunner]

It was a typical movie name there. As expected from the preview brief cheers rang out here and there.

However the grand content that followed… only killed the visual beauty and was so-so to her.

That’s because I wasn’t really interested in science fiction. I don’t know what they’re talking about and I’m not really interested in the game.

‘I knew it would be like this.’

The college student chewed caramel popcorn intently.

‘When will Testa come out?’

But it was definitely fun to watch as a movie.

From the sarcastic black humor when explaining the background of the Earth’s destruction to the wonderful scene transitions and friendly storyline.

Overall this is a movie worth watching at least once even for people who are not interested in science fiction or heroes and don’t know much about it.

‘It’s okay.’

I felt the familiar taste of limestone. She relaxed for a moment and watched the movie blankly.

I assumed that Testa would only appear after the middle part like most Hollywood cameos.

By then the screen was showing the decadent and colorful neon sign of the space station where the protagonist had arrived.

[Wow it’s worth watching right?]

-(I tell you honestly this was a false delusion.)

People in the theater burst into laughter at the flashback monologue intersected with the main character’s words.

Meanwhile the main character of the movie saw the alcohol-shaped sign at the station and sneaked into the bar.

There is a close-up of the band’s powerful and meaningful performance and using it as background music the protagonist sits down at the table.

And a comic-like conversation exchanged with a supporting character who appears.

[Are you from Earth? How about there?]

[Well these bar songs are equally noisy.]

At that moment harsh slang English burst out from the strange band in the background.

[What the fuck did you just say?]

[I love this song friend! Hey! It was the best performance of my life!]

There was a blurry depiction of a band member glaring at the protagonist from a distance then nodding and retracting his gaze. Once again the audience burst into laughter.

The protagonist chuckled.

[Teenagers with no blood on their heads are glaring at me.]

[Oh be careful! Newbie friend you shouldn’t judge people based on common sense from that planet.]

Then a small alien supporting character sitting across from the main character lowers his voice and introduces himself.

The world the protagonist will encounter from now on.

[The number of planets contracted with this station alone exceeds 1200!]

Gorgeous and spectacular scenes of extraterrestrial life are edited and presented to the audience.

‘oh.’

The effect filled the movie theater. The college student briefly expressed his admiration.

Meanwhile the voices of the supporting actors continued to narrate.

About the unique history treasure conflict and armed forces of the various planets that use this space station.

Quite a few things were contrary to common sense on Earth.

Even the risks.

[Most of the small guys are hiding force shooters thanks to the protection law. Do you see that?]

[Like you?]

[Yes like me.]

The supporting character on the screen at the bar who returns laughs and shows the force shooter in his arms then hides it. The protagonist looks at it carefully.

[And lastly… you have to be careful of crazy people walking around like crazy people.]

[Crazy guys?]

[Ah there are people walking around who are noticeable when you look at them!]

After the supporting actor’s words the screen turns once again.

Above the bar’s small performance area to the ‘teenage’ band that had said a word to the main character earlier.

As they were heading down after finishing the session soldiers dressed in imposing combat uniforms started an argument.

Only visible from the back and sides they were dressed in avant-garde fashion as if they were a combination of a 70’s rock band and game characters but their bodies were not as huge as those in combat uniforms.

It felt like the band would be beaten up by the soldiers at any moment or run away.

[oh.]

However when the camera was properly focused on the band from the soldier’s point of view.

Those faces were just sad.

And those were very familiar faces to most of the audience at the premiere.

“…!”

“Wow!”

Testa!

A moment when admiration and reaction suddenly burst out from the audience due to an unexpected appearance.

[I’m doing it because I can act like a crazy person!]

The camera rolls with the supporting actor’s narration.

“…!”

Whick!

The sight of soldiers being exaggeratedly neatly subdued by strange space instruments passed quickly and turbulently.

Tatak!

One member of the band blasted the last one across the table with a laser.

Then she naturally shook off her crumpled gown and carefully but delicately smoothed out the green stains on it.

With just that one momentary movement the audience can recognize that the stain on the white gown was created on purpose.

When I look up a young man wearing makeup and glasses lowers his head with an expressionless expression.

‘Wow.’

The college student realized.

This is a stage costume modeled after the ‘Doctor’ from 〈127 Section〉!

And only a beat later did I realize that the person was Bae Se-jin.

“…!”

Even though Bae Se-jin didn’t say a word she seemed like a completely different person from the usual idol Bae Se-jin. When I shouted in English earlier I couldn’t even recognize my voice.

Even though I was a college student who knew Testa very well it was even more unfamiliar to me.

In that brief moment Bae Se-jin appealed to the character she had given herself.

‘what.’

Raebin Kim’s fans were drooling over Kkakdugi’s professional talent which they previously treated as a mascot.

And the screen composition was changed again.

We briefly saw the seven band members leisurely passing by the protagonist’s table ignoring the fallen soldiers.

Bae Se-jin said without even looking back.

[Come listen again.]

[That is truly an honor…]

However before the main character’s words are finished he disappears from the screen leaving only the SF sound effect of the door opening and leaving.

Shoo!

[…]

The two main characters who were watching with wide eyes on the screen immediately lowered their heads and whispered.

[I saw it. It’s a neighborhood like this.]

[…oh.]

The protagonist blinked.

[Then I just…]

[Yes I almost died. I have a better plan than that…]

The movie theater was filled with laughter again. It was fun and joy enjoyed only by those who knew who the cameo was.

And Kim Rae-bin’s fan was briefly shocked while holding popcorn.

That scene which ended with laughter was clearly an effective way to introduce this worldview to the main character and the audience.

Humor twists and coolness.

A cameo appearance with all three virtues.

‘Wow.’

There’s no way T1 would do this well… no no. This is ultimately thanks to the members receiving it well. It’s not thanks to those bastards.

‘Bae Se-jin… ’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan who had been reciting the name of the member who was particularly hard-carrying in an unusual way came to a realization as if struck by lightning.

Come to think of it what was the song you were playing?

And the moment the band’s music she heard in the bar played along with the vocals in the ending scroll following the final battle scene she realized she wasn’t wrong.

-Exploding far away

This high note that goes well with pop songs.

And who on earth chose this amazing OST?

‘Raebin Kim! Park Mun-dae!’

Her pick did not fail as expected!!

And as soon as the movie preview ended she reconnected to the Internet and the short cameo and the OST were already causing a stir.
