---
title: "Chapter 339"
category: "book"
index: 338
section: "Chapter 339"
slug: "339"
---

# Chapter 339

It’s mid-April with only a few weeks left for the Testa tour in the US.

“Let’s go to the movie theater again!”

“I don’t have time.”

“Then make it!”

You are persistent today.

I looked at Cha Yu-jin who was singing even at the composition camp to watch the movie.

Because of this guy I’m going to see ‘Cosmic Gunner’ like a late-night thief in every city I go on tour.

‘There were quite a few sightings.’

I went so far that people who were aiming for predictive shots came looking for me so I stopped but I was acting like I was experiencing some withdrawal symptoms.

“It is not good to continuously take away your brothers’ sleep time to re-watch Cha Yu-jin’s appearance scenes that only last a few seconds…”

“My voice is long! And we were cool!”

“Haha that’s right. “It was amazing to hear our song in the ending credits.”

Yes I had no idea that they would even adopt our song as the main theme song.

I don’t know but I think the reason the producer came out in person last time was because he liked the song more than I imagined.

‘Those bastards didn’t even give me any more money.’

Let’s say it was used as promotional fees. First of all the composer himself is very excited.

“yes! “I was very surprised too!”

“okay.”

“I wasn’t surprised? “Ravin’s song was really good~”

Admiration once again poured out to the top contributor. Even Cha Yu-jin nodded.

“Kim Rae-bin’s song was great too.”

Raebin Kim nodded solemnly.

“Because it was produced in a hurry there were some parts that left something to be desired in terms of completeness but we supplemented it with feedback after filming so in the end we decided that it was finished at a satisfactory level.”

“GOOD~”

It’s rare for two people to agree and not fight.

“The bar response has been very good. Even in the U.S… articles appeared.”

“Oh~ really?”

It seems that Sun Ah-hyun even attempted a rare search. When you do something different you get all sorts of results.

I translated the article he gave me.

“The main insert song for this Limestone movie was composed by a KPOP boy band… The identity of that impressive cameo is said to be surprising the public.”

“Oh~”

It’s too early to be impressed that all the articles are published separately but when I actually went to the anonymous community in the US and searched I found that there were posts about the article.

‘First of all the movie was a huge box office success.’

This was something we couldn’t do anything about but we were lucky.

Anyway thanks to the good impression we got from that popular movie it seemed like we were already posting about it.

This includes the Testa cameo scene that was leaked and floating around in low quality.

What’s interesting is that many people said ‘I thought it was a supporting role but I was surprised when it didn’t appear again’ as if they didn’t even know it was a cameo.

-I thought that crazy band would reappear later but it’s a shame 🙁 But they were the ones playing the song in the ending credits right?

└Cameoya is actually a K-pop band

└Oh my god

As a result it seems like there is now a post outlining who these guys are.

I recalled the comments on a popular article titled ‘The identity of the crazy band ‘Cosmic Gunner’.

-*This* is K-pop?

-Are my stereotypes the problem or are these kids the exception?

└Both (crying and laughing emoticon)

-I wasn’t surprised because Testa is one of the most talented K-pop groups I’ve ever seen.

└That’s right! I’m sure this song is also by their member-Ravin? He’s the boy with the red sea urchin-like keyboard during the cameo 🙂

└As expected K-pop fans pop out lol

And if you go a little further entertainment shows that used to sell hotteok in the U.S. are often included as recommendations at the end.

In other words the overseas response exceeded expectations.

“The overall response has been really good.”

“I know.”

And there is someone who is listening carefully to all this pretending not to be here.

He is the one who along with Raebin Kim brought about this reaction in the form of a two-horse carriage.

I turned my head.

“My brother was really good at acting.”

“…Hmm.”

This is Bae Se-jin.

This isn’t the first time I’ve done this to people around me but now I feel a little embarrassed. At first I was really freaked out.

Cha Yu-jin cheered.

“that’s right! “It’s absolutely perfect!”

“Actually it wasn’t perfect. I did my best to interpret the lines to suit the make-up and situation but there were pronunciation issues… Anyway! Thank you! “You helped me a lot with pronunciation.”

“i know!”

Bae Se-jin stopped at that point and obediently admitted. I guess I’m finally starting to realize that if I show up with a straight face the atmosphere will become awkward.

Perhaps the fact that I saw so many good reviews also played a role.

I recalled the favorable responses that poured in just a day after its release.

-I just thought it was an actor there.

-You’re crazy.

-What is Bae Se-jin? What is Bae Se-jin? Is this a true story of a Hollywood luxury cameo performance that captivates everyone in 3 seconds?

Actually I was surprised to see it.

‘They asked a lot of questions on site.’

Bae Se-jin tried to understand as much as possible about the script and situation even using Cha Yu-jin as an interpreter.

‘At the end even the ad-lib I did passed in one cut.’

To begin with the cameo line was only a line of swearing and arguing for humor.

However I thought ‘Wouldn’t it be more fun to say something at the end?’ so the ad-lib was the line that I discussed on the spot.

-Come listen again.

It was a pun that we added knowing our song would appear again in the battle scene in the second half.

I had no idea that it would be recalled because a complete song with vocals was included in the ending credits.

In any case his abilities in terms of acting and talent were at a high level to the point where he received almost overwhelmingly positive evaluations.

Of course thanks to this some people started to fight each other.

-I don’t know why I’m an idol. Isn’t acting good for both of us? Testa’s stage quality has improved and Bae Se-jin is good at what he does.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Look at the way you speak yes no.

└I won’t accept Sejin’s withdrawal from X or professional idol Daecute Hamchim~

This was so obvious that the group’s fans were all prepared to block it.

However the problem is that this reaction was unusual even among ordinary people or cinephiles who just watched the movie.

-It’s too much of a waste to just do a real cameo. Please build up your filmography quickly.

-Gyegeun is a male actor in his 20s so can we trust him as a child actor?

The prediction and expectation is that Bae Se-jin will turn his career completely into acting once he reaches retirement age.

‘Somehow they still give more credit to actors than idols.’

Is it a matter of job longevity and characteristics? I thought about it briefly then just shrugged and quit.

‘Let’s just enjoy it for now.’

Now that Testa has just won the grand prize and raised the group’s status public opinion has not collapsed and is maintaining balance.

Since Testa participated in the OST for this movie in the first place Bae Se-jin also appeared as a part of it.

This means that there is no expectation that Bae Se-jin will quit group activities ‘right away’ and start acting.

‘Still we need to pay attention from now on in order to naturally carry out group activities simultaneously with individual activities.’

I don’t know what these guys will prioritize at that time… but for now it’s safer to create an environment where choices can be made.

‘It’s better to do various activities as a group and achieve good results.’

And I think that things that haven’t been revealed yet in this movie will help with that.

Coincidentally a similar topic came up again among the members.

“Hmm~ Bro was there any mention of when the full song for our OST will be released?”

This movie’s OST we sang.

‘Black hole’.

Even though the official sound source for this song was not released illegal music extracted from the trailer was floating around. Google even autocompleted it in English.

However we also do not have full rights to the music source.

“well. “I haven’t received a specific date but it will probably be released according to the film company’s schedule.”

I nodded.

“That’s right. “It will be included in their OST album not our album.”

From T1’s perspective there would be no choice since the contract was concluded that way.

…And actually I was aiming for this too.

‘If I had the authority I would have released it already on the first day of release.’

It would be best to release something like this when demand is at its peak but public opinion would have made it impossible to hold back until then. I’m sure.

Moreover there is the next most important reason.

“Limestone will take care of it.”

The title is ‘Limestone’.

A famous American hero movie series.

‘If this movie is released as an OST it will be a huge benefit in the United States.’

The moment a song comes out with the familiar and cool Limestone title rather than the name of an unfamiliar foreign KPOP singer the barrier to entry for the song disappears.

Elimination of preconceptions and prejudices.

It was the best reward.

‘If it’s like this it’s worth it.’

In addition there is content here to add boosters.

‘Hmm.’

“It’s also surprising that it’s an American album.”

“That’s right. It was my first time singing a movie song… You worked hard Ravi…!”

“Thank you Ahyeon for your hard work by providing smooth communication support and performance guidance!”

As I watched the guys chatting to each other with things like ‘I just enjoyed the experience’ I worked hard to calculate the return on investment in my head.

And a few days later.

The OST was released under Limestone’s label in the name of ‘thank you for your support’.

And not only the sound source but also a short video was released to the world.

-What is this?

-Fuck you

This is a live performance filmed on a bar set on set.

Yes the Limestone bastards decided to release this not as a VOD or director’s cut but for promotional purposes.

* * *

The day the OST sound source and performance video were released.

We were briefly returning to Korea and watched the video on our tablet PC using the in-flight WIFI.

“and.”

“The editing is definitely different.”

It’s a bit different from the camera work used on stage and it’s edited to make it feel like it’s part of a movie so it has an unfamiliar taste.

[Black-hole!]

The hands feet jaw lights and back of the instrument are artistically captured under colorful lights resembling neon signs.

Avant-garde clothing background rebellious performance tone and even distinct vocals. The band’s performance which brought out the atmosphere of “Cosmic Gunner” to the fullest was truly worth seeing.

It felt natural perhaps because the strange space instruments were shared by people who had actually played similar instruments.

[Hit it like a comet!]

I nodded as I watched the camera capture Cha Yu-jin from bottom to top as she threw the microphone at the last center.

‘You put a lot of effort into it.’

Although it was full of American sensibilities it was unique perhaps because the image of this band in the movie was so strong. It has a definite charm.

And I don’t think it’s because I was the one performing.

[22938704]

It’s only been a few hours since it was released but it’s already reached tens of millions of views.

At that moment Cha Yu-jin whistled.

“We are the second most popular in America!”

“Oh~”

“You mean real-time popular video rankings?”

“that’s right!”

That’s how I found out where this number of views was coming from. This is the target market.

Done.

Whether you’re a movie fan or anything else there’s nothing wrong with seeing a high-quality performance video with a steady increase in views.

It might take some time to explain that we’re not a band but that’s enough to make it an episode on some talk show.

‘It’s a well-known piece of honey.’

I was just trying to figure out how to maximize this.

Keun Se-jin who was sitting next to me after watching the entire video and monitoring my reactions suddenly tapped me on the shoulder. What is it?

“Park Mun-dae.”

“why.”

“Look at this.”

I checked the smartphone he was holding out.

[Comparison of Testa OST plagiarism controversy]

“…!!”

plagiarism?

I immediately checked the face of Kim Rae-bin in the front seat. Then Keun Se-jin shakes his head and pulls my hair.

“Keep reading.”

“…”

I immediately looked away. And I read the text…

————————

Testa’s Cosmic Gunner OST Blackhole Bridge (starting at 1\:30)

Arranged by Wituber ‘Star’s Song’ channel 〈127 Section〉 Time running arrangement (from 2\:56)

Make your own judgment.

+For reference although I am a student studying Byeolbyeolsong I am not an amateur and have participated in official game theme songs.

————————

“…??”

What is this?

Why is there an account for our arrangement?

I immediately called Raebin Kim. And I showed the article to Raebin Kim.

“…??”

He had the same stupid expression on his face as I did two minutes ago.

I was patient and waited a little longer for a reaction. Fortunately Raebin Kim immediately shouted as if he had figured it out.

“…! “I see. I was working in a hurry so it looks like some of the samples I made before overlapped!”

“ah.”

“sorry. Because we share the same world view I couldn’t recognize it and stopped while working in a hurry…”

And to summarize his explanation it is as follows.

‘I worked on the OST by frantically selecting beats and samples that I had already made but since they share the same worldview I think they overlapped. It’s my fault! ‘I will do deep reflection and devise countermeasures at the same time!’

“No just a moment.”

I calmed Raebin Kim down.

“Mundaemun University?”

I gestured to Keun Se-jin to stop for a moment and then went into the account of ‘Byeolbyeolgok’ first.

Comments on the video were already exploding.

And the main argument is this.

-Sue never sue

– Byeolgok cheer up brother I’m rooting for you.

-I heard it for the first time and it’s a really good song. It really can’t be compared to a plagiarized song. Fighting!

“oh.”

Everyone is excited.

I rubbed my chin. This… I guess I can use it if I do it well.
