---
title: "Chapter 340"
category: "book"
index: 339
section: "Chapter 340"
slug: "340"
---

# Chapter 340

Let’s take a look at the public’s reaction to the plagiarism controversy between ‘Star Song’ and Testa Kim Rae-bin.

No to be more precise I organized by type the people who are excited about this situation where they can criticize Testa for the first time in a long time with an amazing justification.

First of all number 1.

Also known as ‘I didn’t know that would happen’.

-Kim Rae-bin People said he was a genius and all but when I looked at him I saw Lee Ji-kyung… Ugh.

-It’s so shocking. I didn’t know that even an idol who won the grand prize would be like this. Really.

-Testa is really disappointing. Isn’t Korea also becoming a laughingstock?

I have never had a bad opinion of Testa but I am emphasizing that I was greatly disappointed by this incident.

Of course even if you reverse this the flavor is amazing.

That’s number 2.

Also known as ‘I knew it would be like that’.

-Contemplation is science

– During Azusa it didn’t seem like it was a bad episode fans were happy and sales were strong.

-The final part of this tech tree is usually drugs. Is Kim Rae-bin speechless and talking gibberish? Haha Kingly Godsim

I’m having fun being able to talk about all kinds of speculative curses and rumors that would normally lead to people being attacked as crazy. And the last 3rd ones are the most important.

Floating a star song.

The more you deify the victim the better it feels when you beat the wrongdoer.

-The songs on the Byeolbyeolgok channel are really sparkling and pretty. I understand why they plagiarized it.

– Haha I’m a major but this is the original song of Byeolbyul. Raebin Kim I think I crossed the line after constantly referring to it.

-I cosplayed as a genius with a real genius.

“So let’s predict the reaction of Kim Rae-bin the central member of Byeolbyeolgok who is considered a modern-day Mozart genius…”

“…thank you?”

“Oh that’s it.”

The members sighed or burst into laughter at Keun Se-jin’s words.

The people who stopped Kim Rae-bin who was trying to post ‘Testa’ on social media gathered at the dormitory early in the morning as soon as they entered the country.

“What about Ravin?”

“Well sleep well.”

“okay.”

“But why are you stopping Raebin Kim? Let’s quickly say we are! “Show me a taste of justice.”

“Hmm Eugene it’s better to prepare before speaking.”

Big Sejin smiled bitterly.

“There are people who are angry that they were fooled for no reason when they misunderstood.”

“Ugh… I’m sick of it.”

“It’s a bit like that.”

What he said was right.

Of course the moment it is revealed that Byeolbyeolgok is a testa led by Kim Rae-bin mainstream public opinion will completely reverse.

However the problem is that depending on the method unnecessary side effects may occur.

I crossed my arms and opened my mouth.

“It could be said that we were deliberately targeting it for publicity.”

“Yes that is also a possibility.”

There may be people who are trying to create public opinion by saying that as soon as they signed the OST contract they created a WeTube account and uploaded an arrangement related to 〈127 Section〉.

-Honestly it’s too exquisite to be a coincidence let alone reacting so quickly.

-Hmm… After signing a contract for the Ruined Factory worldview movie OST I created an account to upload the Ruined Factory game arrangement?

-Hey this looks too much like a masterpiece T-One guys haha.

There is no need to leave something like this behind.

Liu Chengwu made up for it with a serious face.

“But I can’t leave it for long. “Ravin was being attacked so much.”

“That’s right. “It’s a serious misunderstanding.”

If you leave it for too long the symptoms will become stronger.

‘I don’t want to apologize.’

This is because many of the people who sympathized with and criticized the plagiarism controversy would not want to admit that they were wrong.

Then wouldn’t you try to somehow create a reason to blame the other person instead of yourself?

Sun Ah-hyun looked tearful.

“Oh even if it’s a misunderstanding… I think it’s too much. “Ravin took the first step without even listening to the explanation…”

“…okay. “It’s too harsh.”

I nodded.

“It’s a side effect of the song doing so well.”

I don’t know if the controversy was just due to the included song but this OST is in the gukbong meta right now.

‘Vicarious satisfaction is shattered and becomes vicarious shame.’

They are even more outraged because they fear they will be humiliated overseas because of this. It was a side effect of Gukppong Meta. Even if there was controversy over plagiarism in our title the Internet wouldn’t have been this loud.

“after.”

I laughed out loud as I watched the number of subscribers to the ‘Star Songs’ WeTube channel rising along with the overheated atmosphere. Big Sejin poked his head in to check and was astonished.

“Wow it’s over 100000.”

“I know.”

Meanwhile noise marketing has become like this. Should I tell them to register as a profit-generating account and receive compensation for the amount deducted from the copyright?

-go for it!

– I subscribed. The song is really really good.

-☆★☆★☆Limestone Look here this is the original do it with this genius☆★☆★☆

-It’s really surprising. I heard you’re a college student. Age doesn’t seem to matter when it comes to talent.

Bae Se-jin who was reading the comments on the channel muttered with a shocked face.

“…Is Kim Rae-bin really being recognized as much as he is being criticized…?”

“That’s right…”

It was a funny situation where it was difficult to be happy or sad. Cha Yu-jin stretched out.

“Whatever if you’re good at the next one I won’t be able to tell you everything! “Just let us know quickly!”

It’s consistent.

And surprisingly Liu Chengwu opened his mouth seriously.

“Actually I have similar thoughts.”

“yes?”

“Maybe I’m being a bit optimistic but… to be honest I think it’ll be fine without much discussion.”

hmm.

“Honestly?”

“Okay I thought it would be good if we explained why we created that account. “It’s actually a good story.”

“Hmm.”

Is it Jeonggong Corporation?

In fact it was the most correct way to make a statement. Explaining the situation honestly.

“I thought it would be a good idea to issue an official statement through the company.”

Then I heard a low voice behind my head.

“Well… I agree.”

“…”

“Ugh!”

“sorry!”

When I turned my head I saw Kim Rae-bin standing awkwardly behind the scared Bae Se-jin.

“Aren’t you sleeping??”

“I woke up a few minutes ago. “I came out to get some water but they seemed to be chatting so while I was moving quietly I unintentionally overheard the conversation!”

“Uh oh…”

Why are you making excuses when we who were talking about someone who is not there have to be stabbed?

Anyway since the person involved came forward an atmosphere was created to listen to the doctor.

“So… Ravin you like this opinion? “Honestly tell me everything?”

“yes.”

Raebin Kim who was sitting in his seat nodded.

“Actually I would like to tell you that the reason I started running this Byeolbyeolgok account was because my brothers were kind and considerate of me when I was in a slump.”

“Rae Ravin…”

“Although it will be difficult for us to run an account as a hobby anymore… we will try to develop a healthy hobby in a different direction!”

Raebin Kim clenched his hands.

‘oh.’

I grinned.

“okay. “Let’s just be honest.”

”…!!”

I heard a murmuring sound next to me.

“Mundaemun University?”

“Has he been drinking?”

I ignored it.

“Ravin is right. The truth always works. “I think it’s best to be honest.”

“thank you!”

“…Wow~”

Big Sejin looks at me with a face telling me not to scold him. Look at this bastard.

Of course I still had more to say.

“But how about you do it yourself instead of going through a company?”

“Oh then on Testa SNS…”

“No not there.”

“…?”

“Then where do you want me to post it?”

I turned my smartphone around with a smile and showed it to him.

Maximization of impact. let’s go.

* * *

Half a day after the plagiarism controversy broke out.

The Internet was still hot.

Beyond this incident all kinds of rumors from Kim Rae-bin’s past were pieced together and brought to the brink of being dragged out.

Meanwhile the OST which is soaring in the music rankings is being bombarded with star ratings and endlessly creating buzz.

-Daebak Byeolbyeol Song live begins

The person who was plagiarized has finally appeared!

[This is my position regarding this plagiarism controversy.]

People were so excited about the new firewood that they clicked on the video like crazy.

In the video revealed after the black thumbnail…

[hello. This is Raebin Kim a tester who runs the Byeolbyulgok channel.]

-???

Why are you here…?

In an instant the live chat was filled with question marks exclamation marks and all kinds of onomatopoeia.

However Kim Rae-bin who was seen on the screen sitting in his room wearing civilian clothes continued to announce his position with a serious expression on his face referring to the paper he was holding.

[First of all thank you to everyone who supports the channel. And I apologize for causing trouble.]

-What is this?

Why is the person involved in the plagiarism controversy suddenly saying thank you on another person’s channel?

‘Are you really trying to say that you reached an amicable agreement with the parties involved?’

‘If I was forced to appear like this wouldn’t it be too lame?’

However Raebin Kim continued speaking.

[It was late last fall and I was having trouble composing music due to a sudden slump… Because of that the members took advantage of their free time and organized hobby camp activities.]

[It is unfortunate that something like this happened in the process but I would like to tell you that it was my mistake and the members are not responsible in any way.]

People finally assumed from Kim Rae-bin’s low posture and tone of voice that she had come forward to apologize for plagiarism.

Thanks to this the swear words finally started pouring in.

-Are you saying you plagiarized at a hobby camp?

-No what happened to your hobby camp? LOL. Apologize properly.

-Ah Gao you’re falling. What are you doing on a normal person’s account? You even have an agency so you’re giving up your job?

-Ugh

[The samples were mixed up due to my mistake…]

It was that moment.

Suddenly a member sneaked out from a corner of the room. This is Sun Ah-hyun.

-???

He waved his hand at Kim Rae-bin vigorously but soon realized that it wasn’t working so he came over to her whispered and then disappeared off camera.

Only then did Raebin Kim open his eyes wide and nod his head.

[ah! Didn’t I already tell you? sorry.]

-So what is it?

[I am a star song!]

-??????

[sorry. I should have told you this first but I wanted to give you a detailed explanation…]

The comment section was once again filled with confusion and screams. It was of no use to Raebin Kim who didn’t know that he could view real-time chat in the first place.

[To be precise this was an account where all of Testa uploaded the work they arranged and composed at the hobby camp.]

[Thank you for your support. I gained strength from reading your comments recently!]

-yes?

[Let’s match the song that each member took the lead in arranging… Ah I almost missed the topic of today’s video. Sorry again!]

-Say something right now!!

-MiㅣMimiMimchin crazy

-Is this a true story?

Real-time reactions were covered in alien language. However as prepared Raebin Kim simply explained why the situation was like this.

Among them this was the only one.

[Encouraged by your positive responses I sent this account’s works to my portfolio during OST contact.]

It was a sentence that Park Moon-dae quietly pushed in to prevent any suspicion that he composed the song for this account after winning the OST contract.

Of course Kim Rae-bin was someone who thought she was simply expressing her gratitude and said it seriously.

-and

-I really can’t even imagine.

-Song of the Stars = Mozart in the age of Raebin Kim and Godgenius

– Hahahahahahaha no ugh.

And the real-time chat changed its stance in an instant and started to come out cheerfully.

Because it’s fun!

And Kim Rae-bin is not criticizing or blaming them for swearing but is saying that she caused the misunderstanding!

By ridiculing those who cursed and caused more controversy than him the chat window began to preserve his identity as a defender of Byeolbyeolgok.

Aggros who came in with animosity towards Testa either disappeared or began to notice due to the changed atmosphere.

-First of all the bastards who cursed me ran away.

-Oh it’s fun.

-Is this a powerful meta or something?

What followed was a detailed explanation of how Kim Rae-bin composed the OST and why the samples overlapped.

[Due to problems with the production period we had to produce a demo version in four days so there was a mistake in the process where samples overlapped…]

And even that was a situation that evoked enough empathy and sympathy from modern people.

– Deadline…

-You were being bullied.

-ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋWhat is this guy doing that composes music and composition is his hobby?

-Idol is really not easy

Now it has become a pleasant atmosphere to hear stories about the process of working on an OST for a hit movie.

Since the presentation prepared by Kim Rae-bin was about 5 minutes long and if it was too long it would have had the opposite effect it was time to end the broadcast soon.

[dripping.]

[ah!]

Kim Rae-bin on the screen turned her head towards the door of the dorm that was half hung in the corner.

Then the rest of the Testa members began to come in from behind the door.

-Hull Testa

– gasp

-Why are they like that hahahahahahaha

By the time the chat window started pouring in with ‘kkkkkkkkk’ in an embarrassed manner as if he had entered the conference room late.

Wearing comfortable civilian clothes they hurriedly bowed their heads as they formed a formation with Kim Rae-bin in the middle.

[Sorry for causing trouble!]

When an image that appeared on an apple thumbnail appeared the comments were filled with laughter again.

[sorry! I suggested it! Try it as a hobby!]

[We didn’t know it would turn out like this! Ravin is not guilty!]

It was so funny that anyone could see that it was sincere.

– Hahahahahahaha we are sorry.

-It looks like they were so shocked that they couldn’t sleep.

-You worked really hard hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha so funny

In that light-hearted atmosphere people have even begun to feel comfortable apologizing.

This was the section where the controversy completely transitioned into a pleasant incident.

[Then I’ll see you next time with no mistakes!]

The last camera shook awkwardly a few times and the live ended.

However the comments were still filled with the aftereffects of this unimaginable and hilarious mess.

-No are you crazy? Haha.

-Have a really fun life guys.

At the same time the Internet began to be plastered with similar notifications.

Because it was funny.

[Identity of Byeolbyeolgok]

[Kim Rae-bin and Rae-bin Kim have reached an amicable settlement over the plagiarism controversy… jpg]

And only after they were properly spread Testa uploaded the evidence to their official SNS as if it were an impression of the incident.

————————

Now I can say… Ginseng wine that Park Mun-dae drank at the composition camp lodge

(picture)

————————

It was all a matter of timing.

However what Park Moon-dae did not expect was that the timing this time was even more amazing than expected.
