---
title: "Chapter 341"
category: "book"
index: 340
section: "Chapter 341"
slug: "341"
---

# Chapter 341

“Mundaemun University’s ginseng liquor is sold out.”

“…”

I checked the post of the seller of the ginseng soaking wine kit which was shared as a popular post on social media.

-This is support I never dared expect. thank you. We will donate a portion of the profits in the name of Testa Park Moon-dae. (bowing emoticon)

That’s right.

The Byeolbyeolgok incident became a complete meme on the Internet. The effect of cheerfully settling the issue in a timely manner was amazing.

Since it did not discriminate between tastes and even responded appropriately to funny twists and turns it spread openly to all kinds of places.

Moreover they say that the more you look into it the more funny elements emerge.

-Looking at it now the account name is screaming that I am a Testa alt character.

Hahahaha a star song hahahaha

-The past of those who naturally lied about not being able to sign a contract because they were studying.jpg (image)

-They must have been screaming when the factory guys contacted them so they were forced to debut as Samgochoryeo.

Byeolbyeolgok’s official arrangement of Section 127’s boss theme song was also brought into the spotlight and a humorous article reconstructing it as an image file guessing our feelings at the time was also circulating.

‘Everyone is excited.’

Thanks to this the useless controversy defense was put an end to.

-Am I the only one who feels like a well-organized viral story?

└Go watch the video of the target idol tester getting hit in the head (link)

└If you were planning on making a fuss and making a fuss why would you lie about studying needlessly?

Don’t break this fun game.

I’ve already changed my stance after cursing once but changing my stance to cursing again is tiring and not fun.

Of course among the fans there were quite a few people who felt disillusioned or angry at the guys who cursed so much and then changed their attitude.

However for now everyone is so relieved that the atmosphere has turned around so quickly that they are paying more attention to restoring the star rating of the music source that was terrorized.

‘Plagiarism was such a big deal.’

I was worried about how far I should go in encouraging the reproduction of memes before I would cross the line.

“Oh this is fun. “How about Ravin post a copy of this?”

“It’ll be okay.”

First of all to make things better we did allow ourselves to respond directly to memes at least once.

‘It would be nice if it could be completed in an appropriate manner.’

I shrugged.

If possible I planned to capture the public opinion of the country like this and then use it as an episode when I go to the United States.

Wouldn’t it be perfect to talk about on a talk show? It’s also related to movies.

However the plan was not realized. Some foreigners took over this before the person involved could even use it.

“…?”

The first was an American gaming YouTuber.

In the first place the Byeolbyul Song arrangement account was made known to gamers by this YouTuber a fan of the 〈127 Section〉 game.

That guy didn’t miss out on material that would sweetly suck up the number of views.

[KPOP boy bands are everywhere… they fooled me!]

After attracting aggro with this title it ends with a reaction of exclamation and cheer that does not go against the sentiments of the KPOP fans who clicked on it.

[Oh my god. The owner of this arrangement channel is a K-pop band and is that band from Cosmic Gunner?]

[And this game collaboration trailer video is also from them right? Not an actor?]

[How can you not be an actor!]

[They write their own songs? So they also wrote the movie soundtrack? That’s right in the first place! Arrangement channel! Because it’s theirs!]

Every word he said while touching his forehead as if he was astonished was exquisite enough to excite the hearts of KPOP fandom and soup addicts.

Meanwhile since it has so many American subscribers it seems that this news has also reached the Limestone movie fan base who has become interested in the game’s worldview.

-They plagiarize themselves? That was a very funny incident lol Thanks for letting me know

-Actually I feel like I’ve been bullied a bit. What should I look at first? 😀

-Stop adding K-pop to everything. Testa is a unique and cool group that doesn’t fit that mold!

okay. People who had prejudice or antipathy toward existing K-pop even come out as saying that this should be recognized as an exception.

‘Not bad for an opening.’

If more sounds like that exception are made it will feel offensive but it hasn’t reached that level yet so I’ll pass.

So if it had ended here it would have been good to use as an episode because it would have laid a heartwarming foundation.

The problem is the second guy.

“Park Moon-dae! “Look at this.”

“…?”

I checked the WeTube video posted by Bae Se-jin.

It’s a talk show scene.

[Jason! Could you please tell us a very rare and unique anecdote from the filming set that has not been told elsewhere?]

[haha!]

[If you don’t listen I will collapse here and all the staff will testify that you are the culprit!]

[all right! all right! Let’s see… During the additional filming something very interesting happened\: a cameo appearance by a foreign star!]

At the time a supporting actor in the movie who appeared in the bar scene was the first to speak out on American television.

“Do you remember this person?”

“Nope! no!”

“No someone who has never spoken before speaks so naturally.”

It seems that he is saying this because he is a person who has run out of episodes on talk shows and has also mentioned KPOP on social media.

[A ‘real’ performance was performed on that small stage set as if it were some kind of live concert hall. Wow I just did that. ‘As expected KPOP bands have killer performances!’]

[But then you act like you’re a really popular top-notch actor?]

[And then it turns out that there is a secret arrangement account they run?]

[What kind of band is that? Did you receive any special training??]

Even though this guy had never even seen us he pieced together what he heard from the staff and spoke as if it were real.

“Still you’re good at introducing yourself.”

“Sure.”

I wonder if this is also a kind of prejudice but in any case it seems that Americans found it interesting to talk as if they were explaining things as if they were some kind of reclusive Oriental master.

‘The content is funny to begin with.’

[I should have gotten the autograph but I couldn’t get it because it disappeared in an instant. I hope to see it in the next ‘Cosmic Gunner’ series as well.]

This story which came out of the cast of a popular movie on an American primetime talk show had quite a big impact.

People who were secretly curious about the identity of the crazy band that appeared in the movie but didn’t bother to look into it accepted this statement quite impressively.

Those people started using the algorithm to check Testa’s plagiarized band performance videos and our game collaboration trailers.

-I can’t believe it. So you composed that crazy black hole in four days?

-This band is like the embodiment of a subculture.

-Are there any more English songs? 🙁

-They made many good songs in their native language (link)

-I don’t know how this will sound but it really suits being a survival program survivor group.

Thanks to this it seemed like we were beginning to be accepted in the United States as a strange four-dimensional foreign genius.

‘It doesn’t suit me.’

But I plan to use it well. I nodded.

Of course this wasn’t the climax either. This is because the final result that left all the members speechless still remains.

A few days later.

“This this this…!”

Sun Ah-hyun’s Billboard 200 album chart.

[2. 〈Cosmic Gunner〉 Special Edition / new!]

“…!”

The movie album appeared in second place. Even though there was a soundtrack instead of a testa where the singer was it was still an incredible feat.

“Huh?”

“Wow wow… I expected this but it’s amazing isn’t it?”

It didn’t end here.

The main theme song of this movie we were in charge of even charted separately on the Billboard Hot 100.

[9. Black hole / new!]

“Ugh!”

A whopping 9th place.

Of course I heard that movie OSTs sometimes top the Billboard every few years but I never thought it would hit single digits.

‘This is it.’

“brother! Raebin Kim is fainting!”

“I didn’t… But I’m not sure if it’s an acceptable rank for a song that was produced in four days without much deliberation and even made the mistake of using multiple samples…”

“OK Kim Rae-bin is fine.”

It’s a mess. And it is a worthy achievement.

I lowered my voice and asked Liu Chengwu among the people who were screaming like they were crazy.

“This wasn’t even released on Friday was it?”

“okay. “It wasn’t.”

In particular it was an incredible achievement to achieve this rank even though it did not reflect a full week’s worth of grades.

I checked the analysis score.

‘The on-air score is also good.’

It’s a song from a group I don’t know but it seems to have been played on the radio here and there. Indeed it is a major movie.

The U.S. market where entry barriers were relaxed was truly a honeycomb.

The operation was a success.

“good.”

“Should I at least post a thank you note…?”

“Then~! “I also shared the Billboard article!”

I nodded once again looking at the excited guys.

Before this momentum and atmosphere dies…

“And then we have to work on the next album.”

“ah.”

With the water rushing in like this wouldn’t it be difficult if the oars were late even if you couldn’t put a motor on the boat?

‘I’m going to move on to the next album before the image I created with Limestone fades away.’

I cracked my neck. Beside him Liu Chengwu spoke gently.

“okay. The results are really better than what we discussed during the last camp. Everyone worked really hard… Let’s make our album well too.”

They nod their heads eagerly. I guess I’m more motivated now that I have real grades.

“yes yes…!”

“I will do my best. “We will work hard to ensure that not only those who are newly interested in the movie OST but also existing listeners can enjoy listening to it and watching it!”

“good! Let’s fight Testa~”

“Well shall we start right away after eating?”

With a heightened sense of accomplishment they are so excited that they come up with a crazy camp schedule on their own like test takers. This is good posture.

And I’m kind of… thankful.

I wiggled my eyebrows remembering a situation that only I had among them.

Mission accomplished to ‘break K-pop record’.

‘…the free days have decreased faster than expected.’

According to his words the big moon can stick to Ryu Geon-woo’s body until August.

Now there were only four months to spare. The mission must be accomplished within it.

If all goes according to plan there is a good chance…

[Brother I’m listening to the black hole really wellㅠㅠ But did you make this with Cha Yu-jin in mind? I feel like that for no reason because it’s a black hole!]

…In the meantime the person concerned is living without prompting or questioning which is quite shocking.

I had no hope at all. I clicked my tongue.

‘It definitely makes you live longer.’

“Okay let’s go out and bring our laptops right after we eat.”

So in the week before the US tour I decided to devote all 7 days to working on the title song and concept.

…The problem was that planning and execution did not always match.

* * *

The forced march continued for four days without any unusual events.

“No more coffee.”

“Mundaemundae quickly convince this guy.”

“Give up.”

The concept was almost outlined and the music video synopsis and album design were also selected. In fact all that was needed was to properly work on the title.

It was around this time that everyone was engrossed in work even their smartphones.

“10 minute break!”

“Yay~”

Weekday morning. When I was given a short break I checked my smartphone for the first time in a while.

‘Is there any other news?’

However instead of news there are several missed calls.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

“…?”

‘what.’

It was all the more ominous because it was so unexpected.

After a moment of conflict I called him.

The call was connected in an instant. This guy must have been holding a smartphone too.

“Senior.”

-Junior.

The answering voice was calm and there was no problem.

However the next words were not very calm.

– Could you please open the door for a moment?

what?

“What door?”

-porch.

no way.

Although I denied it I passed through the living room where the members were scattered and resting and headed toward the entrance of the dorm.

Then he opened the door with the chain attached. I could see outside through that gap.

“…!”

“…”

An expressionless face holding a phone.

It’s really cool.

‘Did it turn?’

This bastard came to someone else’s dorm by chance.
