---
title: "Chapter 342"
category: "book"
index: 341
section: "Chapter 342"
slug: "342"
---

# Chapter 342

A man who has never given me his address or made an appointment in advance is standing in front of the door of my accommodation.

I made a lot of missed calls without even ringing the doorbell.

But what if that guy already has a track record of crazy behavior?

‘Fuck you.’

I checked again Cheongnyeo’s expression visible through the chains.

His face is still surprisingly expressionless.

“Why did you come?”

“I didn’t come here on purpose. “I stopped by on my way back to my accommodation.”

“I don’t think I ever gave you the address.”

“We talked about it last time.”

It has never been like that.

“You told me what floor you live on.”

“…”

Yes when I met a guy with a dog in the early morning I spoke in passing to lighten the mood before mentioning the information about Ryu Geon-woo.

And if I knew which line I live on of course I could know where I live…

‘That’s just gathering information and piecing it together you bastard.’

It’s a habit that only a guy who has a corner left to rub like a restart would have without hesitation.

This guy probably doesn’t have enough taste to be able to make social judgments like this.

But Cheongryeo’s words did not end there.

“I have news to tell you.”

“what…”

And an unexpected answer emerged.

“Kongi hurts.”

“…!”

what?

“I’m on my way back after leaving it at the hospital.”

Only then did I properly interpret this bastard’s strange attitude.

That guy… was in no mood.

‘Fuck you.’

I held back a sigh in a different way.

“for a moment.”

Sweet.

I took off the chain opened the door again and came out. It doesn’t matter since our accommodation is the only one on this floor anyway.

“…Where does it hurt?”

“Acute renal failure.”

Cheongryeo’s eyes twisted slightly.

“We got right up to that point. “The worker… brought the grapes and didn’t clean them up properly.”

“…”

“This is my first time experiencing this.”

His voice is so calm that even if you say he slapped the ‘working man’ on the back of his head you would believe it.

I pressed my eyebrows.

“Did you receive the apology?”

“Does it matter? “Moving your mouth a little won’t hurt anything.”

It was a value judgment worthy of someone who has earned money that he will never make even if he spends his entire life.

‘I came out to take care of the dog.’

And after finishing the action… I guess I had a lot of thoughts on my way back.

‘Is that why you called to let me know about this?’

I guessed the reason for the missed call. And Cheongryeo continued speaking quietly.

“So since there won’t be any recent photos of Kong for a while I thought I’d explain.”

”…”

“Youngjae you like beans.”

I really want it.

“It could have been done via text message.”

“ah.”

Have you realized it now?

But the guy quickly changed his mind.

“Um… I can do it face to face right away?”

“You could have told me on the phone.”

“That was for preview purposes. It’s rude to come to you without saying anything. “There will be other people in the dorm so it’s right to be careful.”

“…How did you guess I would be in the dorm?”

“If you don’t have it you can just go back but is there any need to guess?”

They’re saying bullshit as if it’s very reasonable. It’s true that I’m not crazy.

I rubbed my eyes.

Apparently this guy was extremely anxious and wanted to talk to someone but he seemed to have no idea that he was in that state.

“Your dog will be fine.”

Cheongryeo lowers her head to the side.

“is it so? “I don’t know how you can be sure.”

“Wouldn’t you have left it to a specialized hospital? It would be okay if they let the guardian go right away. “I probably would have explained the progress to you as well.”

“…”

The guy stared into space for quite a while and then opened his mouth again.

“It was like that.”

“…”

“I guess I took action quickly so my kidneys weren’t seriously damaged. “I received the IV fluid well and although it was unlikely I said I would contact you if Kong’s condition suddenly worsened.”

“okay.”

“Anyway you have a schedule starting tomorrow so I can’t take care of you.”

“yes.”

I nodded.

“I made a good decision but why?”

“well. “I thought unexpected accidents happen very often in life?”

“…hmm.”

The guy’s eyes were dark.

I hope it’s a dog story. I’m sure you’re not going to cause an accident to the guy who spilled grapes.

‘Actually either way it’s not a very good sign.’

That dog probably plays a huge role in that guy’s life. Isn’t this the first time since VTIC’s main vocalist left that this kid has been this mentally ill?

‘…It’s a similar situation.’

When you feel like something important in your life is about to be ruined due to factors beyond your control.

This… If you’re not careful reset syndrome won’t happen again.

I don’t think it would be awkward if something like this were said to kill Gold 2 and see what happened…

‘That won’t work.’

I was silent for a moment before opening my mouth.

This guy needs to live a little more comfortably no matter what he puts at the center of his life.

“No matter how you live accidents happen. “It is impossible for anyone to prepare for it all.”

“…”

“So it is important to respond well to accidents that occur. “In that respect I think you did pretty well today.”

“…!”

“Because you acted quickly the dog didn’t get very sick. “Thanks to you I’m glad to be healthy again.”

I once again concluded briefly.

“Good job.”

“…”

Cheongryeo stood blankly for a moment and then slowly nodded.

“…yes. is it so.”

“So your dog…”

“that’s right. “If Kong recovers well without any aftereffects there will be no problem.”

We still can’t communicate. I thought so.

Still his tone of voice calmed down as if he had regained his composure. And his expression returned to its usual state.

“Come see me when I’m discharged from the hospital.”

“I saw it.”

I nodded and the smile returned to his face.

‘That’s it.’

I don’t know why I have to provide aftercare for a chick that tried to kill me but when I came to my senses I found out that I was working without pay.

And that too during times when other work should be done.

‘Composition camp break time… ’

Only then did I look down at the smartphone I was holding in my hand and realize that there was quite a difference in the time period between the missed call and the last call.

‘It’s almost 30 minutes.’

It seems that Cheongryeo has been standing outside this front door longer than expected.

‘It’s an unreasonable waste of time by that guy’s standards.’

I think it’s because I’m frustrated because I’m the only one who knows the details of why I brought that dog.

I was a little conflicted and then opened my mouth.

“Do the people in your group know?”

Cheongryeo obediently opened her mouth.

“no. I’m not at the dorm right now so I sent them all to work. Because of that.”

“…?”

That thing?

“ah.”

Cheongnyeo lowered her head to the side.

“Youngjae I see you didn’t look at the internet today.”

“…”

“is it so. Unless you intentionally didn’t answer the phone that would be correct. You’re not using your smartphone right? “Are you preparing an album or taking a break?”

Why does this guy keep trying to guess about other people’s situations?

“Something happened.”

Could it be the social aspect again?

Among the remaining guys in VTIC there wasn’t one who looked like he could do that but it wasn’t the only guy who seemed like it.

But Cheongryeo was upset.

“Should I say that it didn’t happen but that it came.”

“What’s to come?”

“hmm? “Everyone should enlist.”

“…!!”

Suddenly a bolt of lightning struck my mind.

The date is already… No it’s fine for us but you probably haven’t done it yet.

“Isn’t there still time left? “I heard that you postponed your enlistment because you received some sort of medal.”

“Um… I decided to do it according to the period so the story is already over.”

Cheongryeo smiled faintly and leaned against the wall.

“We agreed that it would be best to further extend the group’s lifespan.”

“…ah.”

no way.

“Simultaneous enlistment. Simultaneous discharge.”

“…”

No way they caught someone.

A rare group action in which all members of the group enlist and are discharged at the same time.

Although it is possible to return to full health as quickly as possible it is an extremely harsh prescription that completely blocks personal activities in the meantime.

I never thought there would be people who actually do that.

“That’s what I said. “I think this year’s grand prize will be a little easier.”

“…”

I nodded slowly. Now I understand.

“Then you’ll be going too.”

Then the reason why my mentality was so broken was because of reset syndrome or just because I was distraught before enlisting…

“hmm? no.”

hey.

“They say it’s only for 6 months. Haha let’s go next year. “Isn’t it natural that it would be more intense if we were all discharged together?”

This guy is really good at scratching people with his snout.

“So I will be the only one appearing at the awards ceremony at the end of this year. “That is the situation that was reported in the media today.”

“Is that so?”

“yes.”

Anyway Cheongryeo said it as if it was nothing new. It looked a little subdued but it wasn’t anything special.

‘It must have been a mess.’

I guessed the Internet situation and stopped.

“Don’t you feel good? “Competitors who are difficult to beat will disappear.”

“You can win even if you don’t go.”

“ah. is it so.”

I don’t believe this. Fuck you.

“How are you feeling?”

“well. It’s not good. “Because gap management is difficult.”

The response was more business-like than expected.

Even though all the guys he was with were leaving this guy didn’t seem to have much human touch.

‘hmm… ’

“It’s a bit surprising. “It’s my first time coming here.”

“…”

“I will be using the accommodation alone…”

The guy who was talking stopped talking for a moment. At that moment a sound started coming from the front door.

Tidik.

It’s the sound of a door opening.

“…!”

And then the upper body suddenly sticks out its head.

It’s a big hit.

“Why did you go outside of Mundaemun University…”

It seems that recess is almost over and he didn’t see me so he came looking for me.

However he soon stopped talking when he saw Cheongryeo standing nearby. Damn it.

“Lee Se-jin.”

“for a moment.”

And the guy changed his stance in an instant.

“Ah hello senior!”

“hello.”

“I’ve heard a lot of stories. “What’s going on here…”

“many?”

“…”

Big Sejin paused for a moment but then answered in the same tone.

“Yes a lot.”

Meanwhile Raebin Kim is heard shouting from behind the front door.

“Brother who came?”

“Um that’s it”

“for a moment.”

That won’t work. I grabbed my big brother and entered the door.

thud.

As soon as the door closed Big Sejin’s face hardened.

“Why is that person Park Moon-dae here?”

“The dog fell down… No it’s not something to do with us but they say he’s going to the VTIC military.”

“what??”

“Wow are the VTIC seniors going to the military already?”

“…”

“oh my god. “Are you here to tell me that?”

When I saw Raebin Kim pop out I immediately realized that things were getting bigger than I thought.

At least everyone gathered in the living room heard Raebin Kim’s voice.

“army??”

“…He’s out there right now?”

“Oh did Moon Dae call you a senior?”

“…! “Have you invited us to receive advice to help us with our work?”

“for a moment.”

I stopped the conversation for now. I’m breaking into a cold sweat.

“First of all I didn’t call you.”

“then ?”

I appropriately mixed in his circumstances and made up an excuse such as ‘My dog had an accident but my friends were all busy so I had nowhere to talk about it so I came here.’

‘…No now that I think about it it’s not an excuse it’s a fact.’

It happened so unexpectedly.

“Oh sorry puppy…”

“okay.”

Those who only knew that I fought like a dog with Cheongnyeo looked somewhat convinced.

Bae Se-jin looked like she was about to open the door and shout to get out but Ryu Cheong-woo was stopping her so it would be okay.

I immediately spit out the closing statement.

“I’ll send it to you right away.”

“Oh I also have to see off my senior.”

“…”

Yes do whatever you want.

I opened the front door again without bothering to remove the big seal.

Cheongryeo was still standing leaning against the wall. Just go back you idiot.

“I guess everyone was home. “Well I’m sorry if it was difficult.”

“That’s it.”

My whole back hurts.

“I thought of letting you know as an apology.”

“yes?”

Cheongryeo shrugged his shoulders then opened his smartphone and sent a file to me.

“…?”

“…It’s a sound file.”

Big Sejin was right. But it wasn’t a song.

[Future midday radio – Spacer Kwon Hee-seung cut]

It was a cut from a radio broadcast featuring Gold 2.
