---
title: "Chapter 343"
category: "book"
index: 342
section: "Chapter 343"
slug: "343"
---

# Chapter 343

Gold 2. Heeseung Kwon.

We are roughly tracking the activities of ‘Spacer’ the group this guy belongs to.

Of course. If you are a latecomer to the same branch of the same agency you should always check to see if anything unusual happens.

Besides isn’t he someone who knows a little bit about the future anyway? What kind of benefit might you be getting?

Of course that’s not the main purpose of keeping an eye on this guy.

‘It’s because it’s a hand that can be used.’

I recalled meeting a guy at work a few months ago who was preparing for the first year-end awards ceremony.

-Hello senior!

To be exact its status window.

Although it was a time when the status abnormality period would not be long the status abnormality was still present on him.

However the content was different.

[!Status Abnormality\: Make It Work]

-Is teamwork the answer when it comes to idols?

‘Failure’ if the team fails to release the collaborative work within the period.

A new status ailment was taking the place of the existing one.

-The team atmosphere has really improved since Chae Seo-dam quit on his own! If things continue like this and we all get along well the mission will be successful……? Already successful?

-Ugh! There’s more? What else should I do? what??

In other words he had already cleared the first status condition but the second one popped up.

I guess the system judged that 11 months was closer to a year. If you look at this guy’s second status abnormality.

‘…Have the conditions become harsher?’

I’m not sure about this so leave it aside.

Anyway it wasn’t a bad situation for me to have one person keep it without having to find a new user for the system. Because it takes less work.

‘Here ‘collaborative work’ means self-producing.’

Since this was the same agency if I got involved it would be easy to clear within a year so it was easy to manage. Thanks to that I think I was able to keep in touch with them from time to time and keep track of trends.

…I mean that’s what I thought until the VTIC leader in front of me showed me the music file.

“Why are you doing that? “I have to check.”

If it wasn’t a dog I wouldn’t have left that snout alone but let’s move on for now.

I looked down again at the radio sound file featuring Gold 2.

‘This radio program.’

I also remember the ‘midday radio of the future’. It’s a fairly traditional program and we appeared on it even when we were rookies.

It was hosted by a broadcaster with the stage name ‘Mirae’ and his future skit in which he predicted the situation 10 years from now as a pun was famous.

-Raebin Kim gave me 100 songs!

-Cha Yu-jin Even if 10 years have passed it is difficult to give 100 songs to the same person…

-I gave you 200!

-I can’t give it to you!

-Kids… no 30-year-old men calm down.

I briefly thought about the crazy skit that Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin did and then deleted it.

And naturally I looked at the smartphone screen with suspicious eyes.

‘This guy can’t believe it… ’

I played the file at the lowest possible volume.

The host’s voice was heard first.

[…It is becoming a hot topic due to a special friendship and there are widespread rumors that our Kwon Hee-seung still has a friendship with VTIC’s Cheongryeo and Testa’s Park Moon-dae.]

Damn it.

[You recently went on a 10th anniversary friendship trip? How did you become friends?]

[Yes… we all became close friends because we knew about the future.]

[yes?]

[…! By knowing Mirae Radio~ by knowing our host Mirae and by that common friendship!]

[Aha~ I guess Heeseung was very impressed with his first appearance on our radio 10 years ago.]

[That’s right! ha ha ha!]

“…”

It seemed like he said it inadvertently while trying to do a skit to open the program that momentarily rhymed with the host’s name.

And after saying this I thought ‘Wow now that I think about it this is true?’ And he flinched and froze.

‘This nervous bastard… ’

Should I have been annoyed when this guy labeled the two of us as ‘close friends’ in an early interview?

I held back a sigh.

‘…It’s not a big deal.’

This is a common mistake when a rookie has an insanely busy schedule and barely gets any sleep.

Kwon Hee-seung’s fans probably cursed and buried him for asking about his friendship with another group without using it since it was his first radio show.

However I understand why Cheongryeo bothered to tell me this.

I grabbed my smartphone.

‘Is this a warning?’

Good advice.

About the dangers of sharing secrets with other pups.

“I feel like this needs management. “I could do it… but I don’t think my junior would like it very much.”

The guy grinned.

“I don’t think the people we are working with are very careful people. Hmm… I thought it would be good to tell you that much. how is it?”

“…”

“Managing people is the most difficult part.”

That doesn’t just mean Gold 2.

This probably includes the fact that I told a secret to the guy next to me.

“Park Mun-dae.”

At that moment Big Sejin opened his mouth. The guy must have guessed what was going on and muttered softly with a stern expression on his face.

“Hey… Is Kwon Hee-seung also involved?”

“hmm?”

But it wasn’t me who reacted but someone else who reacted first.

Cheongnyeo.

The guy looked at me and Keun Sejin back and forth with a slightly puzzled look on his face then nodded as if he understood.

“Oh you don’t know. sorry.”

“…”

“I thought you told me everything because you said I told you my story too. “Is this all there is?”

And then he turns his face with a slightly admiring expression.

“You keep the line well. “Junior.”

This guy is real.

I suppressed my anger and responded calmly.

“If you were so worried that my actions would cross the line and ruin me you shouldn’t have told me earlier.”

I think he’s dissatisfied with how I explained this damn unrealistic situation to Keun Se-jin.

However Cheongnyeo just lowers her head to the side.

“Um… I think there’s a misunderstanding.”

misunderstanding?

“Junior. “I don’t take any losses from this.”

“…!”

“There are more than one or two good explanations to use when you get caught up in this kind of gossip.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“We verify which words and expressions work. “Now it’s hard for me to get hurt by other people’s mistakes.”

“…”

“You never would have thought I’d never experienced something like this. “You’re smart.”

I looked at the guy.

“You said that to someone else too.”

“of course. I was wondering if it might be worth using. But when I tried it I didn’t find it useful so I didn’t do it.”

Cheongryeo looked into space for a moment as if lost in reminiscence but soon regained focus.

“So I’m saying this out of concern for you not me. I told you. “It’s meant as an apology.”

Fuck you.

I pressed my eyebrows.

What pisses me off the most is… that it seems sincere.

“I see. Then listen. First of all Gold 2… they will catch me and manage it.”

I looked at Big Se-jin who had been listening to the conversation with his mouth shut and said

“You don’t have to worry about this. “I’m not the type of person to talk about anywhere.”

“of course.”

Big Sejin held out his fist.

‘Do I really have to do this in this situation?’

Still it would be funnier if I didn’t respond here. I bumped my fist.

However Cheongryeo’s face was sour.

“yes. Well… I guess I said I would believe what my junior said. “That’s usually the case.”

what?

“But I think there’s some misunderstanding here too… ‘Believe’ doesn’t mean ‘understand.’”

“…!”

Cheongryeo muttered without hesitation as if he was transcribing someone else’s words.

“We are close we have known each other for a long time we are in the same group… They want to say ‘I trust’ for various reasons. It’s worth it. If you don’t believe it it means the member is mentally ill and I don’t want to believe that.”

“…”

“But that’s the end of it. After that they weren’t very cooperative so… I scrapped this one. “On the contrary it became a bother.”

The guy spoke softly.

“Unless you have gone through the same experience how can you empathize with this unrealistic situation? So don’t expect too much from me junior.”

“…”

‘Is this why it was like this?’

I guess this is the reason why this guy acts like he doesn’t feel a sense of human solidarity even with the members he has been with for such a long time.

‘It’s almost like we’re dealing with a different species.’

This is a judgment that is even a little scary. Even more so in the fact that he is saying that even though Big Sejin is in front of him.

“hmm.”

I crossed my arms and tried to open my mouth.

It was then.

One step ahead I heard a clear voice next to me.

“But sir I am very cooperative with Mundae.”

“…!”

It’s a big hit. Why is this guy like this again?

“Aha really?”

“sure. Hey how can people all grow up having the same experiences? We are friends. “It’s good that friends have things in common and differences between them.”

“That’s what you say.”

“yes. Even if you don’t sympathize much there’s nothing you can do about it! Each person’s situation is different. It’s really okay~”

It’s surprising that ‘You may not know because you don’t have friends’ can be turned around like this.

The problem is that the target is Cheongnyeo who is ruminating on old memories.

‘It’s not like I’m rolling my eyes.’

I confirmed that Cheongryeo was looking at Geun Se-jin without any expression.

“…”

”…”

No don’t just laugh and glare at me for no reason.

I suppressed a sigh and took stock of the situation.

“okay. Well… everyone has their own thoughts. Anyway I enjoyed listening to the radio file and the dog… I hope you get well.”

“is it so. If you have anything to talk about please contact me anytime. “Junior.”

“yes~”

Geun Se-jin fortunately answers on his behalf. What kind of bandit leader’s right hand man are you?

‘It’s killing the mood.’

At that moment with perfect timing the front door opened.

Tiring.

Honestly I was almost glad to see it.

And the person performing this action is… Seon Ah-hyeon who looks a little nervous.

“Hey it’s already past the camp meeting start time.”

“…!”

“Oh I’m sorry. “You were working.”

Qingli smiled and nodded slightly.

“Then I’ll go in.”

“okay.”

“yes yes!”

It’s finally a wave of atmosphere. Go in quickly.

However instead of opening up right away Cheongryeo hesitated a bit before adding his words.

“I’ll contact you when Kong comes back.”

“…okay.”

I nodded at the guy wearing the mask.

Still I hope that damn dog is okay.

Cheongryeo just turned his back and disappeared into the elevator.

“Let’s go in.”

“Ugh.”

We finally went back into the front door.

Then Big Sejin took the lead and checked on Seon Ah-hyeon who was heading to the living room and bowed so quietly that no one could hear.

“Wow what you said really irritates me. Wow Mundaemun University. “How have you endured this long?”

“…”

I feel embarrassed that I almost shouted ‘That’s right!’ for a moment.

“Just so-so.”

“Umm okay. “Park Moon-dae can barely speak informally so I guess it relieves some stress?”

“…”

Now that I think about it it happened at some point.

I looked at the guy snickering and hitting me on the back and then opened my mouth.

First of all let’s start with the part that made me curious about this guy throughout the conversation earlier.

“The story about Kwon Hee-seung…”

“Ah you know I couldn’t tell you because it was someone else’s situation. “I know that much when I hear it.”

In context Eun Se-jin seemed to have already understood that Kwon Hee-seung was my next hitter and he didn’t seem particularly dissatisfied.

“But since I already found out should I make Heeseung join? “I’m also good at this kind of thing~”

“Just take a look.”

I tried not to get involved but now I’m going to go as far as destroying the system. I sighed and put it on and returned to the living room.

“Did that kid go?”

“yes. “I went in.”

Big Sejin joked.

“Ugh you were acting too friendly with Moon Dae~”

You lie so naturally.

“…! “Did you just leave it there?”

“No I’ve been arguing all this time right?”

“…okay. Then next time I will…”

“If my brother does it we really fight so I can’t do it.”

“hey!”

I left the two people with the same name to fight comfortably and went to my seat and sat down.

Then Seon Ah-hyeon who was sitting next to him opened her mouth.

“It’s radish. Did something happen…? “I feel like the story is longer than I thought…”

“…hmm.”

I was briefly conflicted but soon told the truth.

“It’s nothing special but the conversation took a bit longer because of the difference of opinion.”

“ah…”

Sun Ah-hyun hesitated but opened her mouth again with difficulty.

“What kind of opinion was that…”

“…”

“Oh no. sorry…!”

I still have the habit of apologizing even though it’s nothing to be sorry about. I held back a sigh.

‘…Is this the second time?’

This is what Sun Ah-hyun asked me to tell my story about.

I didn’t exactly ask if there were any secrets but I still felt uncomfortable. I think this guy guessed that I heard it.

Instead of saying ‘There’s no need to be sorry it was a personal matter’ I kept my mouth shut. For some reason I felt like those words would backfire.

‘Seon Ah-hyun’s expression isn’t bad right now so let’s watch the situation a little more.’

It seemed like the situation was over like that.

But that evening.

Sun Ah-hyun’s attitude toward participating in the camp suddenly changed.

On the bad side? no.

With a more proactive attitude than ever before.
