---
title: "Chapter 344"
category: "book"
index: 343
section: "Chapter 344"
slug: "344"
---

# Chapter 344

Sun Ah-hyeon’s attitude changed.

It started with a camp schedule meeting.

“Then it’s okay if I don’t collect any more image references for the concept right? Shall we keep it like this?”

“I’m fine!”

“okay. So if anyone has a different opinion…”

This is a line that is usually said assuming that it does not exist.

“Hey me…!”

“…!”

However the guy who had never interrupted others raised his hand before he finished speaking.

Liu Chengyu seemed a little embarrassed but asked the guy kindly.

“So what do you think Ahyun?”

“I wish I could broaden the scope a bit and try collecting one more time. “Because there’s still time…”

“hmm…”

And Sun Ah-hyun is even directly expressing her opposing opinion.

‘What’s wrong with him?’

‘If we close now will there be a moral problem?’

The members went so far as to say this with their eyes but Sun Ah-hyun’s words did not end there.

“About two more days…! Why not? The deadline that the project team member mentioned earlier is the day after tomorrow… so even if you give it this early the schedule won’t progress any faster…!”

He begins to provide persuasive evidence with a spirit that makes him sweat.

And the basis for this is also a plausible fact.

“Oh come to think of it it was like that.”

“Wow Ahyeon do you remember that? “It was 3 months ago…”

“Ugh I wrote it down…”

I can’t come up with any outstanding ideas. However they use good judgment and make persistent arguments in any given situation.

It was consistent with the way Sun Ah-hyun usually shows herself.

“So…! Let’s think about it for two more days…!”

“It’s me~ Of course I agree! “Right?”

“Uhm that’s right.”

However the momentum is about ten times that of normal so it is very powerful. Everyone is shocked and gets involved.

‘What’s going on?’

I wondered if I should like it but somehow I felt a bit uneasy about it. What kind of sudden change of heart has caused this guy to be like this?

“What do you think of Mundae!?”

I thought my liver was failing.

“…I agree with you.”

“Ugh!”

Now they are even collecting consent from me. It’s a proactiveness I’ve never seen before.

‘what.’

And this momentum was the same during the evening composition meeting.

“I… I wish the song had more string instrument accompaniment!”

“Ohh.”

“Which string instrument?”

“Able to produce sharp lively and dramatic sounds… An example would be the violin fiddle! I think it will feel more appropriate to the concept…!”

“Fiddle?”

And Seon Ah-hyeon began to explain more diligently what fiddle was.

Among the violin playing techniques it is the least classical so it is given a separate name and the sound is country-like blah blah blah…

“Ohh.”

It looks like he’s making an announcement or something. Cha Yu-jin who was listening with interest was almost ready to applaud.

“That’s a good opinion! “Brother it was great!”

“Ugh!”

And even though Sun Ah-hyun’s face felt like she was going to explode at these words she didn’t even hesitate.

what?

I really don’t know what’s going on.

‘Well at best it’s only when other people speak strongly… But.’

Yes it’s a good thing if you have a mental change and want to actively participate.

In fact if we were to average the extent to which Sun Ah-hyun has been interfering with the members’ opinions we can’t say it’s that serious.

“Then as Ahyeon said I will try adding a violin as a string instrument that has both sharpness and softness and goes well with the string arrangement…”

“Oh no! Not just a violin but a fiddle! Fiddle! “I wish I did!”

“Yes yes!”

“…”

No is that a bit harsh?

‘The child is running at a level where life or death is at stake.’

“I will try my best!”

“Thank you so much…!”

With even Bae Se-jin paying attention the meeting continued under the leadership of Sun Ah-hyeon and ended.

That night.

Keun Se-jin who was sitting in the kitchen and drinking carbonated water asked seriously.

“Isn’t there a sad story at Mundaemun University that someone will fail if we can’t release our album?”

“…”

“Oops no way Mundae bullied Ahyeon into paying for the meal… Eow!”

Is that possible?

I held back a sigh as I watched the guy who had been hit on the back lash out.

“…There must be another reason. “It won’t be like that.”

“okay? Uhm… well. “I have to do it.”

Perhaps deciding that it wasn’t a bad situation Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders and moved on.

“Just because you’re a friend doesn’t mean you have to know everything about a person’s situation right?”

“…”

For some reason it makes me angry that a person who has been digging into other people’s affairs says something like that.

Meanwhile Sun Ah-hyeon runs to her room as soon as the camp opens for the night and doesn’t come out.

‘What are you doing?’

I held back my silence and opened my mouth.

“…I think Sun Ah-hyun might feel a bit left out.”

“huh?”

“What do you do now? You leave him alone and it’s just you and me talking.”

In fact the relationship is the same regardless of age time or rank.

They say that they are angry at this unfair treatment and are trying to relieve their stress in a positive way by storming out in meetings.

Big Sejin shakes his head as if thinking.

“Well maybe it was a bit like that. Ah but Ahyeon isn’t the type to do that… Ah.”

The guy sighs.

“Ahyeon wasn’t very good at making friends when she was in school right?”

“…okay.”

“Well… I might have felt a bit bad about it.”

Sejin glanced back at me and asked quite seriously.

“What are you going to do?”

“…”

Do you understand?

Of course that guy isn’t going to come up with a real solution but he’s going to figure out how to share secrets.

In the end if the reason for Sun Ah-hyun’s strange behavior is because we are aware of this supernatural phenomenon.

“Uhm… Of course I can’t tell you to do this or that but I don’t think Ahyun’s attitude will change just because she hears your story right?”

“…”

That’s… I think so too.

‘He’s such a good guy to the core.’

I sighed briefly.

“Hey and we won’t bully you into thinking you’re the only one with a mental age… Ah! Hey did it really hurt just now?”

okay. That’s the arm strength of someone in their 20s kid.

…No actually the most embarrassing thing is that it seems like my hand came out first after being stabbed.

I sighed when I saw the big boy giggling.

Only after he stopped laughing did he change the subject.

“Oh and speaking of that… how should I talk about that Heeseung? Well I was also invited to this meeting. “Why don’t you just explain it that way and give me some advice?”

The guy grinned.

“Or are you just going to say I’m from the future too? Wow that must be really funny.”

“Stop it.”

Don’t even think about bringing up examples of hypothetical destroyers whose timing isn’t right.

“Because it seems like this is being passed down in the form of a baton touch without such jokes.”

“Oh you analyzed a lot of things about the university. After all it’s Mundaemundae. “You paid so much attention to Heeseung to find out that?”

A quick-witted bastard.

I clasped my hands together.

“Yes there are places where Gold 2 can be used.”

“…”

However there was no answer for a moment from Big Sejin.

‘what.’

Then he suddenly opened his mouth again with a serious face as if he was questioning something.

“But Mundaemun University.”

why.

“I wanted to ask you a while ago… That Gold 2. Is this what Heeseung is talking about?”

“…!!”

How do you know that…

“…”

Wait a minute… did I say that out loud earlier?

“That’s right! Were you singing Heeseung’s Gold 2? why?”

“…that”

“Wait a minute. I’ll guess. No way… Gold level in &lt;Azusa&gt;?? “Did you really number it there?”

“…”

“Is this correct too?? Oh this is awesome! Wow~ Look at how heartless Park Moon-dae is! 〈Azusa〉 It’s been a while since it ended but it’s still gold!”

Fuck you.

I gritted my teeth as I watched the guy burst into laughter.

“It is my heart. why.”

“You’re so rude… no I’m sorry. Did you laugh too much? Hey I’m really sorry~”

This guy is trying to gloss over what he doesn’t mean.

However Big Sejin straightens his real face and his eyes shine.

“I’m asking because I’m really curious… Did you call Sejin that too? Oh did they classify all the kids like that during Azusa? Am I Gold 1?”

Dreams are big too.

“…It was just a big earthquake.”

“Oh~ what is it? Still it’s a nickname. Good good.”

I held back a sigh when I saw Big Sejin shaking his head. I’m going crazy.

“Then how long have you been calling me that?”

“…”

“Mundaemun University?”

I still call it that bastard.

I left the whining bastard and went back to my room and went to sleep.

* * *

The album production camp continued the next day.

And Sun Ah-hyun’s momentum continued.

“If we don’t make progress like this we’ll have to do this until night. Everyone hates working overtime. therefore…”

“Hey working overtime…! let’s do it!”

“…uh.”

Is it… that much to do?

At this level the character collapses. I kept my mouth shut when I saw Sun Ah-hyun burning with passion as if she were Cha Yu-jin who had encountered some special device.

“Bro I hate overtime!”

“But you still have to do it if you need to…!”

Oh now you’re saying things you hate about Cha Yu-jin.

Of course it’s not a bad thing. On the contrary it’s a good thing in terms of efficiency but it seems like it’s overkill.

I made my decision after watching Sun Ah-hyun secretly wiping the cold sweat from the back of her neck.

‘I can’t do this.’

I guess I’ll have to try my luck.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“Now let’s sort it out.”

As soon as the meeting ended after dinner I followed Sun Ah-hyun who left for her room and visited his room.

dripping.

“…!”

“it’s me.”

thud.

When I open the door and go in I see Sun Ah-hyun lying face down on her desk as if trying to cover something.

What are you doing?

“Do you have anything to look for?”

“I just wanted to talk…”

As I got closer I realized what this guy was covering.

Article Review Rating.

It was a kind of scrapbook in which all of our existing album-related information was printed and organized.

[The most important part?]

[Problem of expression]

And there were comments written in elegant handwriting neatly organized here and there as if they had been posted by this guy.

Not only that but there was also something floating on the electronic reader that this guy was reflexively covering.

[Edgar Allan Poe’s Complete Works 5]

…This can’t be right.

‘Was it being made separately?’

From anyone’s perspective everything was preparation material for Testa’s new album.

Still let’s ask one question.

“What is it all about?”

“…! Ah this is…”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to hesitate a few times but soon answered in a quite confident voice.

“Among the works of ‘Edgar Allan Poe’ that Sejin Se-jin mentioned… I think we found a subject that suits us better.”

“…!”

“That black cat was cool but… it felt a bit overlapping with ‘The Calling’…I wanted to try incorporating what Testa does best.”

Sun Ah-hyeon seemed nervous but she was smiling faintly.

And what this guy said was already plausible.

“…”

“Here.”

I took the note underneath the electronic reader that this guy held out with slightly trembling hands.

In it was written the name of the work and Testa’s existing concepts that it would like to be combined with.

I quickly read the few letters highlighted in the note.

[Eruption of energy]

[Immersive sense of speed]

Then I continued to read the note.

“…”

“Oh I couldn’t tell you because the summary hasn’t come out yet. “If you say it without a basis… it’s not okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head as if she was somewhat embarrassed.

“I… am not good at speaking… so I thought it would be good if I at least composed the content faithfully…”

I am indeed.

“Seeing what you’re doing today I don’t think you need to worry about that.”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face brightened.

“Thank you. Still if we add the final step…”

“Ah so you were working separately!”

I’m surprised.

When I turned my head Raebin Kim who was working at the desk over there with headphones on had already taken off his device and turned his head.

‘Since when has it been there?’

I couldn’t see him because he was just working and not reacting like he was dead.

“I didn’t know that while I was staying at the dorm for the past few days what Ahyeon was always reading was an album review.”

“Ugh…”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face turns red and she agrees and Kim Rae-bin shakes her head as if she understood.

And his eyes lit up.

“I thought it was a new hobby you picked up during the tour but I never thought you would spend so much time and energy conducting a large-scale analysis. “As expected he possesses both sincerity and talent.”

“…Ugh.”

Even though he looks like he wants to decline he still agrees.

I chuckled.

“that’s right. “It’s great.”

“…!”

“The content is good too. It would have been okay if I suggested it right away. “It’s enough as is.”

“Really…?!”

So are you going to lie here?

“okay.”

To put it neatly this is something that would have been shocking even if someone had just thrown in a draft.

‘The process of coming to a conclusion is very clean.’

Of course there are cases like Kim Rae-bin in the world where inspiration springs up and creates something that captivates people in one go.

However sometimes there are people who find the correct answer to just one case by putting together numerous pieces like a puzzle and filtering them closely like a sieve.

And that was this guy’s decision now.

The conclusion that this guy came to after going through and analyzing the huge amount of existing Testa album data at a glance… was very attractive.

‘You must have had a lot of trouble.’

I thought about the guy who was depressed because he couldn’t properly participate in the camp and I was secretly impressed.

This was beyond expectations.

“I want to try this right away.”

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun’s eyes shined even brighter. He seemed almost thrilled.

“It’s radish. thank you so much.”

“I am truly grateful for your good opinion.”

However Sun Ah-hyun’s words were not over.

“Well then… you know.”

hmm?

“Me too… I wonder if something is going on…”

At that moment I realized what this guy was talking about.

‘Is this… telling me a secret?’

I guess I misunderstood something.

This guy’s aggressiveness doesn’t come from frustration.

This guy’s attitude… It’s like he’s trying to prove his credentials as a secret society.

“Oh no! No… I’ll organize this some more…”

Even though she said no Sun Ah-hyun quietly turned to her desk with a look on her face full of anticipation.

“Do you mind if I take a look at it too?”

“Ugh!”

“…”

…It seems that Sun Ah-hyun has merged the two emotions and moved in a much more productive direction than I expected.

Two things are the desire to contribute to the album camp and the desire to be recognized by peers of the same age.

‘This… I think I’ll be ruined if I don’t say anything when I get to this point.’

“…”

Fuck you. I don’t know either.

‘Either make a place.’

It seems like I end up saying everything to these loud-mouthed people. I washed my face dry.

Anyway Sun Ah-hyun who eventually called the meeting that night proceeded with the presentation.

And as they are with discerning eyes their reaction was similar to mine.

It means it was very popular.

“…I like this one better too.”

“Then we can take a step in this direction and work hard. “Ahyeon is good?”

“Ugh thank you… Thank you!”

Sun Ah-hyun bows her head as everyone from the person who came up with the idea to the realist seems to like it.

The atmosphere was very cheerful and seemed to be applauding Sun Ah-hyun.

Until the next words are spoken.

“Well then I guess I’ll have to recheck my schedule.”

“…?”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“That means… we have to revise the final composition plan again.”

“…”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun closes her eyes.

“I’m sorry.”

“What are you talking about? “The album concept is getting better which is a good thing.”

It was an answer that conveyed the sadness of an office worker.

‘K-Pop Hell Overtime Camp… Re-opening.’

The good news is that this overtime camp was very effective.

“Let’s just add this one.”

“Hmm.”

Also I added things that I wanted to add but excluded for balance reasons.

‘This is final.’

By the time the day became completely warm we had finished preparing to release our new album.
