---
title: "Chapter 345"
category: "book"
index: 344
section: "Chapter 345"
slug: "345"
---

# Chapter 345

Testa’s album teaser was released in mid-May.

The film “Cosmic Gunner” in which they made a cameo appearance was a huge global box office success attracting 8 million viewers in Korea and was about to be released from theaters.

-Aren’t you rushing out to row when the water comes in? Haha.

-Oh please don’t rush it because it’s capital that drives popularity.

-I even set up a label but why does it feel so old-fashioned?

Some people were whispering about the comeback articles and rumors that appeared without warning only 3 days before the teaser release.

Park Moon-dae’s first home horse was also on the verge of biting its nails.

‘The head of the headquarters seems like an idiot with an American disease…! Even to Testa?’

The head of the headquarters managed to get hooked on Mirinae and avoid the magic spell but now it may have really been a waste of time.

A thought suddenly occurred to me. Of course some people were whispering but most of them who heard the news of Testa’s comeback were drunk from the excitement they got from “Cosmic Gunner.”

That was actually a bit worrying.

-Big hit big hit Testa’s surprise comeback is crazyㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-I’m going to listen to the billboard again. Wow I’m already excited.

‘…This guy’s expectations are rising endlessly.’

Moon Dae has never disappointed himself but does it always happen that people do things the way they want?

‘Even if Moon Dae and the kids do well it’s no use if the company does something stupid again…!’

Even the statement from a company official at the end of the article “This album will entertain a diverse global fandom” was unsettling.

– Excited! (link)

Still I made this comment while sharing an article about Testa’s comeback but this is also a reaction for public use.

‘I am named… I take care of myself… ’

I really missed Mundae who used to put the apple rice cake sticker he drew on his cheek at fan signing events.

…At least if they make a comeback we’ll be able to see that again. There will be a fan signing event.

‘okay. Let’s believe and wait.’

In fact if you look at the season alone wouldn’t it be strange if they made a comeback soon?

She made up her mind like that out of pure fan spirit.

And three days later.

-It’s up! It’s up!

The teaser which was clicked amidst tension and excitement began with black smoke rising like a haze.

What unfolds is a dark and profound modern and contemporary banquet hall.

Gorgeous figures wearing masks dance in an elegant yet slightly ominous place with deep shadows.

The silhouettes overlapped and blended together.

When you feel like a scene from a 20th century art film lasts for a few seconds.

The sound suddenly changes.

-Rumble!

Thunder.

“…!”

As the light flashes the screen changes to the outdoors outside the dark and pale banquet hall.

The lights of the banquet hall seep through the window above the castle gate in the middle of the night as the rain continues to fall.

[…]

Clap.

And a bare foot stops in front of the rainwater-filled castle gate.

The skin turns red and drips and spreads into the water.

It is polluted.

“…!”

Somewhat creepy camera work and editing.

And slowly the visibility rises.

What was revealed was… a faceless shadow wearing a red hood.

A mask with no facial features.

Gooooo

The moment you think you have confirmed the eerie strangeness the screen turns black again.

Darkness.

The riff melody that resonates within it.

-Ummmm.

The elegant and slow bass violin flows ominously and eerily and the laughter of the people in the banquet hall subsides.

The album title appears.

[OVER the Masquerade]

[TeSTAR]

“and.”

The atmosphere was clear.

Elegant ominous dark and luxurious.

-Wow!

-oh my god!

First of all contrary to the speculations and concerns of some netizens the visual beauty created with a lot of money was excellent.

First of all people who were looking forward to Gukbong started chatting with excitement giving good reviews one after another.

-I wouldn’t be embarrassed to put it out there.

-Look at how luxurious the sound is.

The problem occurred after some time.

This difficult yet aesthetic and intense atmosphere created a sense of discomfort.

Because I’ve seen it a lot somewhere.

-Hmm… It feels like a combination of all the popular K-pop idols in America such as V-Tik.

-I guess the American taste was that sweet haha. I have no conscience about benchmarking.

-These people have no real identity. They just stick to things that are popular and work like bats;

This is because the dark deadly and luxurious symbols were reminiscent of several idols including VTIC which has captured the American fan base and whose global momentum is better than domestically.

In fact it was common for idols to change their concepts but there were also people who couldn’t laugh at the switching that seemed to have been made at the exact right time.

So to speak the form is not working.

-The 1st Army Gao are all dead.

-ㅋㅋㅋ Still do you think you’ll take a piece of the American K-pop pie? The quality is like that of a large company.

-I wonder if it was even necessary to do this so cleverly…

“Ummmm.”

Actually I thought it was a bit forced but the momentum of fans of other groups rushing towards evil due to a sense of crisis was excessive.

‘Still the public reaction is good.’

Many people discovered various classic symbols in the short teaser.

-This seems like a reference to Edgar Allan Poe’s ‘Mask of the Red Death’. When the plague broke out the vested class who had built luxurious hideouts for themselves ended up being silently visited by the plague… I’ll stop talking about it here^^

└Oh I wonder how to apply it! Awesome it feels very profound and dangerous.

-I’m saying this in a difficult way but it’s just a horror novel where people who fight against each other to live well die when a plague breaks out. ㅇㅇ

But she also felt uncomfortable somewhere.

‘This doesn’t even resemble the image of someone who appears in a movie.’

Isn’t it too heavy? Not like a regular tester…

“…

Anyway contrary to my worries the quality was good so I concluded that there would be no problem as long as I could withstand the aggro at the beginning of release.

‘Let’s go on a career high with this activity too!’

But in fact her worries and concerns had already been dealt with by the parties involved.

What is the essence of Testa?

Where is the source of their uniqueness?

-I think it all comes back to one thing in the end.

After receiving Sun Ah-hyun’s analysis Park Moon-dae came to the following conclusion.

-It’s fun.

Just fun.

And the absorbing power of that fun charm.

Immersion.

-So the first keyword that Ahyeon chose after analyzing all of this would be immersion.

They never made vague symbols and allusions their main value.

That’s just a side story.

There was one main value.

‘Fun to watch and listen to.’

This is the most indigenous and fundamental value of the stage and sound source.

A pleasant pleasure that can be enjoyed without any burden or unpleasant aftertaste.

The center of Testa has never changed. And that will be the same in this album as well.

-Let’s go.

Another week after the teaser release. The music video was released.

‘Ugh!’

Even though Homma’s hands were shaking she immediately clicked on the video.

The scene in the music video started with the castle gate being half torn off.

It was a continuation of the cut from the teaser but there was a clear difference.

‘…there is no light.’

There is no light coming out of the banquet hall even faintly. And there is no rainwater.

A gloomy midnight outdoor scene where everything has stopped.

Gooooo

It was scary for a moment.

The camera work moves as if being sucked into the castle gate passing through an unlit hallway and leading to a dark banquet hall.

Broken masks. red paint.

In the chaos that has already turned into a ruin the red-robed monster that appeared in the teaser is caught in the center. Anyone can see that it seems like the cause of this tragedy.

‘Hmm… is that a plague?’

Could it be one of the members? That eerie feeling?

However the camera did not go any closer.

Instead the scene suddenly changes.

Gate again.

-Whoa.

The sound of taking a short breath. The back is captured standing with its back to the camera facing the huge half-torn castle gate.

The sound of the forest at night and the sound of insects instead of silence.

A tall man covered in indigo robes.

At that moment the music returns.

Ugh-!

The sounds of drums and trombone alternate quickly and majestically and the person standing in front slowly looks up at the sky.

Quagwang!

Thunder and lightning strike.

It’s raining.

However perhaps because of the music the scene was somewhat refreshing and exciting instead of the gloomy scene seen in the teaser.

‘Huh?’

The moment the person turns around and takes off the mask.

A close-up shot captures the face.

This is Park Mun-dae.

“…!”

Techwear elements of military uniforms are attached like sci-fi equipment including the shadowed neck and shoulders and ears.

But it was only in one moment that I really saw it.

In the very next scene Park Moon-dae flips off the dark blue hood he was wearing on his head.

White bluish hair flutters.

Chichik!

Then a glitch appears behind the head and a blue light sprouts and flutters over the shoulders like a mane.

“…!?”

Park Moon-dae grinned.

[under!]

With a brief sound of cheers the gloomy outdoors suddenly becomes a stage filled with sci-fi luminous lights!

-There’s a crying sound over there.

The sound of my footsteps jumping in

appeared first

head!

From the first verse the melody rap is followed by a cool high note that cuts through the accompaniment as if piercing the pole of a spear.

The moment Park Moon-dae jumps and hits the floor with the highest sound the camera pulls back and Dopo flutters behind In-young.

And six other people appear among them.

Kim Rae-bin’s low-pitched rap played in the center intersects with the high-pitched first verse.

-Yeah give me that baton.

Rule’s symbol the bell of justice

It rings louder today

taut taut taut taut one

Get out!

Park Moon-dae doubled the last verse.

A sense of speed created by racing rap and piercing high notes.

Moreover the chorus bursts out immediately along with the performance where the hood is pulled back and waved.

-That’s my savior!

Let go of the tension and enjoy

A night of victory!

“Huh.”

An exhilarating and easy-to-listen beat.

As I watch the video with my mouth open as the atmosphere suddenly changes seven people run into the gate gesturing to the camera.

Wherever they went yellow and blue luminous lights flickered from the candles. The accompaniment of sharp cheerful and virtuosic string instruments follows as if to assist.

And again the eerie figure barefoot and covered in a red robe attracts attention as if it is about to be sucked in.

Yikes!

The members take their seats in each of the seven colorful banquet halls and each part is cut in fierce performance like a battle.

Like a hero fighting a villain.

“and.”

Only the parts where the impact of the collision was spectacular were cut short so it didn’t look like a clumsy action movie.

It’s just that the dynamics of the performance became more realistic.

‘What concept is this?? ‘Who is this?’

Homma was excited and clenched his fists but no answer came out.

It was okay though! What’s certain is just that… Testa running wild wearing techwear mixed with details of traditional military uniforms was cool and fun.

Yeah it was fun!

-Get on top of this dance move

The bowstring is pulled and the dice are thrown.

don’t stop marching

melody!

Lightning strikes the dark banquet hall. And the rain pours down and splashes around the gorgeous dance.

The spectacle of a performance created by the afterimage of blazing blue light.

And the powerful choreography of the bridge that connects the posture and body to make it look like a giant siege artillery.

-That’s my savior!

Hands stretching out.

Red Hood grabs his head in an instant.

At that moment the performance and music which had been running wild stopped.

[…]

The cloth around the captured head sags and the red hood falls to the floor.

There is nothing in it. This is because it is the embodiment of disease and fear itself.

All that remains is the mask in Cha Yu-jin’s hand.

Gooooo

For a moment white noise flows on the screen and the colors and camera work change to make it slightly creepy.

But Cha Yu-jin who was holding the mask… just tilted her head as if she didn’t understand.

The tension goes away.

“…?”

Moreover Bae Se-jin who was standing behind him came out as if nothing had happened snatched the mask smashed it without hesitation and threw it out the window.

[…]

And then he looks back at the rest of the members with a ‘are you done?’ look on his face.

[Clap… clap clap!]

The four-dimensional appearance of the members clumsily clapping their palms hard as if they were watching was in contrast to their intense performance which brought out strange laughter.

“Oh what!”

Homma also chuckled. The screen ended with the members trudging out of the banquet hall encouraging each other.

-Ring the bell Ring my bell

I wanna be your savior

An empty banquet hall that is no longer gloomy.

The last verse appears loudly in the subtitles neatly ending all sounds and cuts.

It was a perfect ending that made me want to see more.

“under…”

However before Homma can think about what to say the video comes back again.

“hmm??”

The clouds have cleared and the moonlight shines on the empty space inside the castle gate.

Seven round stone statues arranged in a circle can be seen from the sky.

And it was a statue she knew.

“…! this…”

A huge round body that I had seen in front of Gyeongbokgung Palace.

It was Haitai.

“…?!”

In Korea it is a mysterious animal that is traditionally emphasized as a guardian character that punishes bad guys.

And Homma gets a sudden realization.

“So… that’s why!”

This… was Haitai’s concept of defeating the plague!

There was even a cookie video.

The members of Haitai opened the temple door and ran out into the city below the mountain.

In the city the night view which had already recovered was sparkling as if it had never been lost to the plague.

“and…”

Homma opened her mouth.

It seems like a collection of the essence of Testa’s album activities so far… After all what’s different about a restaurant specializing in concept performance… No anyway!!

‘It’s fun just to look at it! It’s more fun when you know it!’

And the members wearing techwear were crazy handsome and sang well!

Especially Park Mun-dae!

A few minutes later when she finally calmed down and opened social media the posts were already overflowing.

And the members were also quickly monitoring all of this.
