---
title: "Chapter 346"
category: "book"
index: 345
section: "Chapter 346"
slug: "346"
---

# Chapter 346

“…It’s a huge success?”

“I know.”

We were silent for a moment after checking the comments and social media accounts of the hot music video that had just been released.

No… the response was much better than expected.

In fact on the day of the comeback all kinds of feedback poured in from mentally shattering dirty reactions to curses so the mood was to refrain from monitoring as much as possible…

‘There is no need for that.’

-God Star God Concept God Music Video Just God

-Testa!! Testa!! Testa!! Testa!1 Testa!! Testa!! Testa!!

-Ah haha Testa is serious about Korea~~~~Ah have you seen Gaeganji Haitai Hero?~~~

To some extent Korean comments which should be barely visible because they are covered with English comments occasionally sprout up in the music video comments window like bamboo shoots.

These are not the usual cheering comments from fans but comments from netizens who rush in like they are at a sports game.

“Uh… I guess we made something really great.”

“I know.”

To put it mildly Ryu Cheong-woo has become a reaction robot.

“Isn’t this your first time like this…? “I’m just saying that everything is perfect?!”

“Sure.”

That’s me. Liu Chengwu spoke before he opened his mouth. Bae Se-jin had his nose pressed into his smartphone.

I also swiped the screen of my smartphone.

I checked to see if it could be true and even in places where the expressions were the most extreme and dirty surprisingly good reviews were the norm.

-Fuck you you like dogs you won the grand prize for no reason so I’m afraid I’ll catch you and become

-Sambyul’s body is still in his teens. Look at his performance his cartilage needs to be alive.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-I know how to really absorb the aggro from the movie haha. This is why I can’t let you go. Let’s keep going in this toxic meta.

“…”

Well… Actually it’s a place that’s almost anti-anti and I didn’t expect it to be this explicit…

Anyway this side prefers hard performances that ‘grind the bones’ and since they won the grand prize with the last title that was popular they seem to have been double-baked in advance for fear of continuing in that direction.

‘I don’t know why you’re wasting your energy like that.’

But when I opened the lid I felt the nostalgia of these people’s favorite train ride at the performance that was truly ‘Drill’ level and grinding bones so I guess I started applauding.

In other words there is no possibility of unnecessary conflict occurring within the fandom.

“hmm.”

“Wow you said that you wouldn’t go to college but then again in a strange place monitoring…”

“Oh I’m turning it off now.”

I myself at the beginning of my debut found a den of malicious personal fans like this and was mentally broken so I am good at admonishing him.

Anyway I just closed the page for the sake of my eye health not even during Azusa.

Still I feel a bit nervous.

‘Honestly I thought there would be quite a difference in likes and dislikes.’

No matter how well the CG was used and the editing was done well they added Haitai Plague a modern and contemporary science fiction ballroom to an idol music video.

I did this even though I thought there would be quite a few cases of indigestion among the general public while digesting it.

However they say that quality is above likes and dislikes and reputation is above quality.

[The global reaction cannot keep quiet about the appearance of Haitai a tester that fights the American plague!]

[When it comes to the taste of Korea it’s time to test it out! The surprising identity of Testa’s new song ‘Savior’!]

Look at the WeTube channels that have been following me since they made cameo appearances in movies and they are picking titles.

I realized it again.

‘It’s soup.’

As expected Gukppong Meta was the best as long as it didn’t break his brain. It’s killer value for money.

‘It’s a good thing you insisted even at the last minute.’

-If there are too many American references domestic public opinion may be hurt by being too American-conscious.

-‘Spring Out’ received a good response overseas so we added a little bit of the steampunk Joseon worldview to the level of a spinoff.

Of course the more this is repeated the more difficult it becomes to draw a line that does not break the brain but what makes this possible is elaborate references and structures.

‘Seon Ah-hyun really served three people.’

What’s worse is that he was monitoring the music video’s reaction by rewinding it several times. I feel proud too. This must be it.

‘No matter what I say now I can’t hear you.’

It looks like it will be included in the music video.

Of course in fact there is no member who is not excited at the moment.

“Music video views are soaring to unbelievable numbers. “Making a cameo appearance in the movie was a wise choice!”

“I know… Well Sejin and Ahyeon who reminded me of Edgar Allan Poe did a really great job. “The Haitai concept of the College of Education went well with it.”

“Oooh!”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth quite calmly in response to Ryu Cheong-woo’s public death which came to his senses quite a bit.

“…I only gave you the material! “Actually Sun Ah-hyun did it all.”

“…”

In the meantime if Sun Ah-hyun can’t hear and is only monitoring hasn’t everything been said?

The unfortunate thing is that Bae Se-jin tried one more time while turning red.

“Well… Sun Ah-hyun did it all.”

“Brother stop worrying about other people’s reactions. “Let’s move on as if nothing happened.”

“hey!”

“What about me? “That acting was amazing!”

“Ah~ Eugene was powerful too!”

“That’s right. It was definitely… alright. “You used facial expressions well.”

“Hehe.”

At this point painting one’s face with gold is considered a drinking event. An atmosphere where it wouldn’t be strange if someone brought in wheat and shouted a toast.

Next compliments are given to Kim Rae-bin who made a new arrangement after three days and to the main dancers who combined the choreography plan. It will soon pour down on me too.

‘hmm.’

Should I keep these guys’ feet on the ground?

“And Moon University~ Moon University really created this camp. “He’s the number one contributor to this album.”

“okay. In fact it was Mundae not me who played the role of leader in the camp. “It was a lot of hard work.”

“Brother it was really cool! “I admit it!”

“That’s right…!”

Sun Ah-hyun when did this guy come to his senses and come here?

Anyway I chuckled.

“Thank you. However public opinion changes quickly so strange things can come out again. “But it will calm down again over time so don’t worry.”

Then he grins. These?

“Are you ashamed of your university?”

“no.”

“Okay okay I’ll say yes~”

Should I hit this one?

However he quickly changes the topic. A quick-witted bastard.

“Public opinion is definitely something but is it because I prepared too hard? “I want to go on stage quickly.”

“I heard that pre-recording will be held the day after tomorrow. “I’m really looking forward to it!”

These guys are very confident having worked hard while preparing for the stage. Well it was a forced march.

-The formation doesn’t fit there~ Again! Don’t be too out of breath!

-If you just rest for 5 minutes…

-Then it ends 10 minutes late~

“…”

That state where every last drop of stamina was squeezed out… Hmm I almost thought of it and synchronized it. I quickly left and returned to thinking about my future schedule.

‘I’ll take care of the music scene in Korea and then go to America.’

It is also the handshake that appears to be all-in on the United States. Do you do such a thing knowing what will happen in the future?

So the original plan was to start in Korea and then appear on a few American talk shows but…

Something changed a bit that evening.

“You’re calling us here?”

“The company says so.”

Suddenly I received a call from a major U.S. primetime channel entertainment program.

“If you agree…”

“It’s called a live performance… and it’s next Tuesday.”

“…”

And everyone understood the situation.

“It’s just tinkering.”

“Uh huh.”

If it was an official appearance there would be no way to call me in such a hurry. Well it looks like someone hit it and hit a hole.

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Well still appearing is appearing.”

okay. Even though it is an appearance where there is no talk and only performance.

There is no doubt that it is a major broadcast with better viewer ratings than most of the talk shows we caught.

“How many artists can appear in a country with so many people? “The fact that they contacted us right away means we are next in line.”

“…”

Even the flash of attention I gained through my cameo in the movie was definitely meaningful.

“Then shall we?”

“I don’t think there’s any need to refuse. “If the circumstances are right.”

Liu Qingyu’s words quietly received everyone’s agreement.

Fortunately things turned out to be the same.

This is because as soon as I expressed my intention to accept the company quickly adjusted my schedule.

“It’s fixed.”

“Oh~”

In fact it was a planned result.

‘It was fortunate that our first domestic comeback stage was on Tnet.’

Testa This was the first live performance of this album and it was a frustrating situation because it was pushed back but I gave in.

Probably because it is the same T1 affiliate.

‘Tnet got a solo comeback show for the same reason in the first place so I withdrew from that as well.’

His affiliation was a gangster. If it wasn’t for me I would have been blown away.

“hmm.”

Anyway it wasn’t such a bad picture for us. Since we will return to Korea right after this performance there won’t be many fans who will be disappointed.

‘Already the period from the music video release to the first stage release was too long.’

Since the album was released on Friday to aim for the Billboard… the first domestic music show is scheduled for next Thursday.

‘It’s been around for almost a week.’

It took a while to keep the momentum going.

And anyone with any interest in this industry will know that.

‘I’m definitely trying to work towards this.’

Sure enough after about two days the excitement about the ‘testa meeting expectations’ subsided and the sound of seconds ticking slowly began to rise.

———————==

[Personal opinion on Testa’s new song]

The song is cool but honestly it seems too much. Listening to the audio I wonder how on earth they will perform this live…

The same goes for music video performances but doing both at the same time? hmm…

I thought they might pre-record it but it’s a bit pushy. Live is Testa’s biggest advantage but it feels like they’re kicking themselves in the foot.

I understand the big picture of targeting the US but I hope they don’t lose their original intention. It’s bittersweet for no reason.

+Attach proof that you are neither an anti nor a fan just a listener (capture of music site details)

———————==

-Wow I wasn’t the only one who thought this. To be honest I guess I shouldn’t criticize it a bit. I did it because I wanted to create an atmosphere. It’s not an insult to worry about the live performance.

-Testa is a group whose strength is live music so if they fail they will be ridiculed even more but that’s a bit much.

-Well when they come to their part they will do the choreography a little weakly and it’s really all a big deal…

Here are the three best comments\:

“hmm.”

As expected there is noise but is that at best a concern for live performance?

very good

‘It looks like there’s really nothing to complain about.’

I guess they wanted to cause more stress than the review of ‘It’s crazy and not my type’…It’s a very satisfying thing.

Meanwhile in the English-speaking world people picked up K-pop from somewhere and installed it.

-They really do this dance and hit those high notes? *crazy*

└To tell the truth most of them dance to pre-recorded songs 🙁 Don’t expect much

└Go away you hater of K-pop! They performed live on almost every stage. Just wait a little while and you will be able to see a great performance!

It’s not even a fuss.

People who came in through &lt;Cosmic Gunner&gt; existing fans and people who like Cosmic Gunner but don’t like KPOP are all mixed together giving rise to all kinds of opinions.

The popular opinion is ‘The music video sucks but do they really do this?’

That was good too.

‘The buzz is sweet.’

Isn’t this kind of noise bound to be sorted out after one stage as it becomes a good topical piece of cake?

‘Of course this is only when you’re doing well.’

Looking at the members’ reactions as soon as the stage was mentioned I think it was already decided whether they would do well or not.

I grinned and cracked my neck.

Let’s take a look at some objective indicators.

‘Status window.’

For the first time in a while I summoned a hologram.

It’s been so long it’s been almost half a year since I checked my stats properly.

‘I don’t really look at it because I can’t do anything other than check the facts or level up.’

Still I haven’t lived a prosperous life to the point where my stats disappear.

‘It will still be the same.’

I checked the contents again recalling moments when I had benefited from good distribution.

‘Let’s take a look…!’

And I was surprised.

[Name\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

Level \: (-)

Title\: Successful person (idol)

Singing\: S

Dance\: B+

Appearance\: A

Talent\: S-

Characteristics\: Infinite Potential Time of Indulgence (S) Mission Constitution (S) Snatching Ears (A)

Points remaining\: 1

‘Why are there two S’s?’

No what kind of guy’s stats have increased like this without even recording them?

‘Why was talent ranked S?’

I don’t know what I did to get it to S. Do you have any stage experience?

Moreover her appearance has also gone up one notch.

Now it’s not just A-grade pull-ups it’s a real A.

What is this… the power of exercise and dyeing?

‘Natural increase is amazing.’

I flipped my pale hair and crossed my arms. It looks like I worked harder than I thought.

“hmm.”

Somehow it feels a bit cheerful.

‘It would be difficult not to be able to perform on stage with these stats… ’

hmm. Let’s give it a little shock.

I distributed the last point without hesitation.

“Let’s do something.”

I chuckled and crossed my arms. When I look back on the Internet a few days later…

[Wow… you really have professional idol stats…]

“…!”

I almost fell.

I reflexively tried to push away the small clunky pop-up next to the status window with trembling hands.

But before that another pop-up appears right in front of you.

[Huh is this really delivered? oh my god! No I’m sorry. You were surprised right?? I don’t know if I can do it either!]

for a moment.

This way of speaking…

“…Park Moon-dae?”

[yes! That’s a big moon!]

what’s this.

[Hyung have you eaten? I ate a hundred pieces of mackerel!]

I stared into space with a dumb expression on my face for a moment.
