---
title: "Chapter 347"
category: "book"
index: 346
section: "Chapter 347"
slug: "347"
---

# Chapter 347

That’s Park Moon-dae who is using Ryu Geon-woo’s body. That’s the pop-up Keoldal is putting up right now…

[brother? Are you okay?]

“…after.”

I was convinced. I relaxed my shoulders and sighed.

Suddenly I heard someone talking and I thought it was a ghost… No.

“Since when did you become like this?”

He clearly didn’t have this kind of talent.

[Oh I’m not sure. I just tried it because I thought it would work… and it worked?]

“…okay.”

It seems that synchronization with the status window has reached its final stages. I see that you can use it as you wish.

It’s not a very positive sign but since I’m having fun I guess I’ll just keep my mouth shut and not talk nonsense.

[Wow… It’s been a while since I felt like I could share a view like this. It feels a bit like… when I’m spending time with my brother?? wow!]

No it seems like he’s having too much fun…

I always fell silent for a moment due to the static explanatory text or the chat that filled the status window.

It’s almost like I’m feeling uncomfortable.

[Can I use that emoticon too? Like this 〉_〈 Wow!]

“Yeah it’s really amazing.”

He’s showing off a talent I couldn’t even imagine.

I sighed and got up. It’s a shame that Liu Chengwu is out talking on the phone with the company. It almost turned out to be funny.

[I’m sorry if I acted rashly… Wow it’s the comeback season so I’m afraid I did something wrong]

“no.”

I blocked the text from the pop-up window that kept growing. Who does this look like a weakling?

“I’m fine so don’t worry about that. I was a little surprised because I was concentrating after checking my stats for the first time in a while.”

[yes…]

It seems a bit genuine. I wiggled my eyebrows at the pop-up window that seemed to convey nuance so skillfully even though it was just a text message.

Still I don’t know where I can use it so I’ll check it out.

“Looking at what you’re saying now it seems like you can see my situation but how far can you see?”

[Just to the extent that my brother sees it… Yep. It seems the same!]

“Anything else besides sight?”

[The sound is a little blurry but I can hear it. Other than that I don’t really feel anything else!]

Now I finally get a quick answer.

“always?”

[no! I think it only happens when you access the status window like this. Something… when I turn on the status window it feels like an electronic signal is coming to me!]

I see.

So when I turn on the status window it calls this guy and synchronizes it.

‘I could use it when I’m in a hurry.’

The possibility is extremely low but if we happen to be shipwrecked on an uninhabited island again within a few months. I nodded.

“okay. “It’s good to have another way to contact you.”

Unless you are terminally ill.

[Right??]

The pop-up window vibrated slightly. This… I wonder if it’s because they’re excited.

And it even becomes slightly smaller and soon new letters are written slowly as if hesitating.

[I… Can I contact you occasionally when I look at the status window?]

I chuckled.

“of course.”

[thank you!]

The window got bigger again. It seems to be reflected quite well.

And then the feelings begin to pour out in earnest.

[Ah my heart was pounding so much when I saw you recording the stats! I really want to see the first live live but it’s a shame I can’t go!]

“Do you think it’s useful?”

[yes! I’m so excited that my heart is going to come out of my mouth!]

He made taking the test a pleasure in his college entrance exam life but somehow he ended up using words that fans used in his mouth.

I opened my mouth to reply but the text came up first.

[Really fighting! Oh I’m going to go to work now! Lunch time is over [Ugh]

“…”

In an instant the pop-up window disappeared with a glitch.

‘I’m using it like a real Kakao Talk.’

…I think it will take some time to get used to it. I massaged my shoulders and turned off the remaining status windows.

Let’s get this out of the way and come back to reality.

The important thing now is the first stage.

‘Preparations are complete.’

The amount of practice and practical experience were all filled with the secret weapon.

…It’s a phrase that somehow makes you feel like you’re participating in the world’s best martial arts competition rather than a performance.

I was shaking and then burst into laughter.

‘Well it’s not much different.’

It’s just that you didn’t lift a sword but isn’t it the same that you have to produce results that won’t embarrass you?

‘Let’s go to the real sword match.’

Because it was a tinkering I couldn’t add any special effects or devices. All that is given is one firework originally installed on the stage.

So it’s better. If you are impressed by this performance there can be no reason other than the testator who performed.

“Mundae. “I have to go to the practice room…!”

“okay.”

I left the room.

The first public appearance of the stage was just around the corner.

* * *

The news that Testa’s first performance will be pre-released on the famous American survival audition show “You got a chance” took the Internet by storm.

-Wow this is cruel and hilarious but is there a testa? Awesome hahaha. There are two teams of Maehwa and outside performers but I didn’t expect a Korean idol to appear haha.

-This has never even been released on V-Tik.

-I’m already looking forward to it. What time can I watch it in Korean time?

People were talking about how great it was that they were famous for only calling out trendy or hot performers.

Of course live worry posts still popped up as if they were planned.

-There was a Sanhok review saying that the title was really good.

└Fans are like that of course they grit their teeth and say they like it haha. They know it will go into post-production anyway.

└I’m worried that most American audition programs won’t be installed; I know Testa Live is good but this?

Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae’s twin home office workers gave their reactions.

‘From now on Testa will definitely do well so they will praise me excessively and say ‘What are you talking about?’

To make a fuss even if you mess up even a little.

“Tsk.”

She clicked her tongue.

But even so he didn’t bother to stop the corners of his mouth from moving.

Because this person is the one who watched the pre-recording.

It was truly unbecoming of me. It may be an event or a concert but I personally went to the pre-recording of a music show that is famous for treating fans like crap.

‘Was it worth waiting in the middle of the crowd that early in the morning receiving poor treatment from other broadcasting stations?’

Enough has been done.

No it got to the point where I thought that seeing it for free didn’t make sense.

‘It’s better because it’s live.’

It was better because I couldn’t correct it. If they were people he knew they would never have neglected to take care of their necks or ankles in this situation.

The office worker nodded and calmly finished making corrections.

But somewhere in those hands I could feel a sense of rhythm due to anticipation.

And as time passed the day came when Testa appeared as a performer on American television.

[Next is a celebration performance. This is Testa a global KPOP singer and ‘the’ crazy band from ‘Cosmic Gunner’!]

In the middle of the program a short introduction flowed by without any expectations or grand announcements.

Not only was there not enough time to prepare in the first place but it was only the first half of the celebratory performance staged as an experiment.

And as always an advertisement appeared and the screen came back again.

[…]

A group of people are standing on a huge stage where audition contestants were standing just a moment ago.

Dancers in red costumes.

And in the meantime seven people wearing black jumpers and masks.

-Testa!

-It came out in a hurry.

‘The costume is okay.’

It is not too conceptual but has a modern style and fit that suits the occasion.

While the office worker nods his head.

The black Testa came forward after a group dance that seemed to cut the red dancer and push it away.

The beat starts with a strong trombone sound while masked dancers turn their heads and glare.

sing.

Park Moon-dae casually takes off his black mask and sings his vocals.

[There’s a voice crying out loud

The sound of my footsteps jumping in]

Next the choreography is slowed down.

And sprint.

[Appeared first

head!]

The ultra-high notes of the first verse of the introduction.

A sharp clear sound not a single pitch disturbed cuts through the air.

thud!

A sense of realism where you can even hear the sound of your hands hitting the floor and then your feet jumping up.

At best it is a clean sound without any AR added to set the scale.

-????

-Mr. Park Moon-dae

-It’s live right?

‘that’s right!’

The crazy sense of stability I heard in Sanhok rang in the ears of office workers again.

‘I wonder if that’s a human.’

As the almost circus-like stunt leaves a strong impression Kim Rae-bin’s low refined rap part follows with meaningful slow choreography.

The eyes covered with black bangs shine.

[Appear!]

Then the choreography continues with powerful explosive movements.

[Showers in April

Untimely visitor (Hi)

I knock on my hard heart and take strides

into it]

The song drops again at the end with Ryu Cheong-woo’s strong middle notes despite the choreography using his feet.

[Now the rain fell]

A pre-chorus drop with dancers to the humorous sounds of the fiddle.

Even in intense group dances that seem to bury the dancers they bounce off each other with their composition and gestures.

And the tenacity to sing the narration and even the chorus.

[Whoa uh]

-They call it all.

-You must be crazy;

Testa did not run out of energy even once until the end of the first verse.

There is no moment to go by or rest. A flowing explosive performance in which all strength and weakness are exquisitely controlled without a single limb resting.

A momentum that suits the concept of a hero movie.

[That’s ma Savior!]

Slow choreography where you turn around and move both arms before introducing the second verse.

The black jumper has a blue Haitai on the back with its mouth open like a tiger like a custom jumper from a university.

-Is this called Gukbbong?

– I’m excited

-Testa when do you breathe?

The exclamatory comments without even a hint of laughter are updated like crazy.

The density is so dense that there is no room for cheers to fit into an organic structure.

However because of the eye-catching wow points and sense of immersion the sense of unnecessary pressure that would come from such a full feeling is not conveyed.

Thanks to this office workers felt at ease whenever they noticed it.

‘It was like this in Sanhok too.’

He was good at first but when he started to feel like he was starting to slow down he brought something stronger like a ghost.

The huge bombardment choreography in the last chorus thrilled the hearts of even office workers.

-Yeah that’s ma Savior.

Sweet.

Center Lee Se-jin smiled.

thud!

Light scatters in the flowing choreography and the accompaniment begins again.

“…!”

The fireworks on the stage were made to pop out in sync with the beats and movements like artillery fire.

An exquisite connection to the stage.

And what follows is a light fun and colorful choreography.

It was a festive ending.

-Ring the bell Ring my bell

I wanna be your Savior

Among the fallen dancers Testa assumes a formation by raising and folding his arms one after another.

And so Testa’s first stage ended.

And the comments and the scene exploded.

-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

– Torn.

– Hahahaha this is going to be live? What on earth did Azusa produce?

-Never ignore Testa again.

The office worker exhaled without even having time to look at the comment.

‘Read read read.’

It was as cool and attractive as it was strong.

Didn’t they start from a completely raw stage without any special equipment and end the performance with raw power?

My mouth was hanging open.

‘Is their cartilage… or are their vocal cords and lungs okay?’

For a moment doubts came to my mind but if I said I would take care of my body and didn’t show up on a domestic broadcast stage or at an event I didn’t want to see it like that.

‘I make a lot of money so I’ll take care of it myself.’

This show was really worth spending money to see.

Besides this wasn’t the end.

‘In the pre-recording we even did an intro glow-in-the-dark performance.’

I’m already looking forward to seeing how public opinion will go when it comes out.

She folded her hands as she remembered the comeback show in two days’ time which will air on Tnet.

Looking at the reaction I feel like it will be harder to see the real thing now… but what can I do? Good thing!

She smiled without realizing it.

‘Still it’s railroad season so let’s go to a university event or two and get more uploads.’

And surprisingly Testa had scheduled a university event as she had hoped.

Of course what was important for my career was not the event but the official broadcast schedule afterwards.

Same time.

“Whoa.”

“Some water.”

Most of the testers who came off the stage were sitting down in a state of almost exhaustion.

I could hear the cheering but more than that my eyes were spinning.

‘I think it’s the most physically draining thing I’ve ever done.’

‘My lungs… I feel like my lungs are going to pop out!’

I couldn’t help it.

Of course among Testa’s title and sub songs so far there have been more than enough difficult performances.

However there was no performance of a single song at such a reckless level that it took all of one’s strength to barely maintain the energy.

‘That’s why it has meaning.’

Because it’s intense.

Likewise Park Mun-dae who was sitting on the floor pressing his ribs and breathing heavily had his eyes shining.

If the sixth sense I felt on stage earlier that it worked was not wrong the appearance was a success.

‘Of course we need to monitor it properly but… ’

But now with many years of experience his stage sense has become quite good.

He checked the originally scheduled program order in his head and then chuckled.

“Cha Yujin.”

“yes!”

“The next stage is ready.”

Cha Yu-jin who was stretching alone due to the effects of adrenaline grinned and shrugged her shoulders.

[It’s always like that.]

Park Mun-dae nodded.

‘good’

Next is the second stage of entering the market.

This is the so-called ‘Narrowing the Distance’ operation.
