---
title: "Chapter 348"
category: "book"
index: 347
section: "Chapter 348"
slug: "348"
---

# Chapter 348

Testa’s new song caused quite a stir right from the first stage.

First let’s watch it from the mainland where it aired.

I entered the American variety show we appeared in ‘You got a chance’ into the search box.

Then I nodded after seeing that English sentences like ‘Who are those guys wearing jumpers?’ were automatically completed.

‘It’s standard.’

The only performance performed on a major entertainment show that was the American public’s pick. It means that I made a good impression there.

This is why your first major exposure is so important. It’s not like I clenched my teeth and put in all those tricks for no reason.

“I get a lot of comments asking why I’m not a band. “Everyone is surprised that we played so well.”

“Still I think the fact that we used the sound effects and instruments used in the movie to bring genre similarities to the bridge was a good connection.”

“Oh I see. “There are not many people who feel uncomfortable with music.”

“Someone here asks who Chungwoo is. “Can I at least give the correct answer?”

“Be patient Eugene.”

It is also nice to see various noises and likes and dislikes coming out in connection with the image of the movie. This is a valuable amount of buzz.

Naturally the inflow of music videos increases and the increase in users on global music sites is noticeable.

‘This is a level of exposure effect that is difficult to expect in Korea anymore.’

When awareness arises through the stage we are following the same reaction process. I guess this is similar whether it is domestic or foreign.

-What kind of training did you receive that made that possible? K-pop requires training right?

└They are from an audition program which means they are not beneficiaries or victims of K-pop’s factory-type system!

…In the meantime there are some people who cleverly mix the truth with bullshit and post pseudo-salesy posts but I plan to use this too so I’ll skip it.

Anyway the majority of reviews were positive so it seems like it was well-received in Korea as well.

-Be good.

-Do you mean this is a live without post-processing? The fans will be full even if they don’t eat. It’s so cool.

-How on earth do you do the tumbling choreography after the cannon?;;; If it were me I would have broken my neck already.

Even if it was exposed to the public it is so attractive that it makes people who would have skipped it without even clicking on it thinking things like ‘The fans are doing business’ watch it anyway.

Of course the stage was chosen well enough to meet expectations.

Because of this the members who had been banging their heads saying they felt like they were going to collapse after the performance changed their stance.

“We did grow up a bit. Wow even your fingers hit hard?”

“Ugh everyone had good energy… It was a great performance that suited the song.”

“that’s right! “I was so cool.”

Now the process of clearly confirming and accepting the truth has been completed including Cha Yu-jin’s declaration that she can now use the past tense correctly.

‘I will continue to do so without modification from now on.’

I nodded in satisfaction.

And the subsequent Tnet comeback show and domestic music broadcast stages captured domestic public opinion once more.

‘The sub-songs are also well-received.’

We worked hard to develop the concept of a modern noir thriller using ‘Black Cat’ but wouldn’t it be a waste to discard it?

I used it in the sub song.

Unlike the action-packed and aggressive title song it has an elegant taste making even those who were disappointed with this concept choose one according to their taste.

Of course those who did not regret it also liked it.

-I love both of them. Testa’s godseongbi who does everything from a gentleman to an agent in one activity.

-Thank you guys it’s a feast (crunch crunch)

This is why every time we monitor the members’ faces light up.

“The response to this performance is all good.”

“Wow the fatigue is gone.”

The best result among the reactions that can be realistically achieved.

For Testa who has had an eventful few years as a contestant from a popular survival program it is a warm environment that is neither boiling nor icy.

Even if you leave the best comments on articles that pop up on social media only good things are said.

-This is what promoting national prestige is all about. Korea’s unique Haitai style~ A wonderful testa who spreads Haitai the apostle of justice~

Even so in the entertainment industry this was almost like a drug.

Isn’t everyone dreaming of becoming an idol and pursuing a career as an idol?

Moreover around this time our independent label finally started publishing articles about our activities.

[The beginning of Testa label ‘ORBIT’…”We will demonstrate our ability to develop artists”]

Liu Chengwu looked at the article and smiled.

“You meant orbit right?”

“yes.”

I built it. It wasn’t my intention.

‘These bastards are trying to give themselves a needlessly grandiose name.’

What the company first released was Supernova.

‘Why are you trying to attract aggro in the name of your agency?’

Since it is an internal label of the agency I didn’t think there was any need to elaborate so I organized it on my own.

“I think it’s perfect because it feels like a planet’s orbit. Even if I listen to it again it’s still well written.”

“…thank you.”

Anyway fans liked it.

Of course people who buy stocks did the same.

-These guys’ behavior is very good starting from Hollywood movies. I’m not lowering my expectations.

-The Testa is very good. I was lucky to get on the 14th floor. I plan to have it until the end of the year^^

Every day throughout the weekend we hear good news translated from overseas and fans are delighted with the abundance of content.

And the public took a one-shot of kimchi soup in anticipation of the Billboard chart which will only be revealed next Thursday.

-No there’s already an American entertainment show coming out…

-But I think this time too it will be a career high but anyway don’t let your guard down and work hard!

-Why are there so many Testa translation accounts?

As the situation became burdensome and they also started to look forward to it fans poured out messages like crazy with happiness anticipation worry and confusion.

Among them of course was our actions.

-I guess I’ll go to America once I’m done with the music scene.

-There is an article saying that I am going to ㅇㅇ. It looks like I have received quite a few love calls from the US.

-He was trying to get into Limestone by dragging all kinds of aggro but he’s really gritting his teeth and trying to go to America.

└Yeah what? Negeudol failed even though they pushed their butts into selling it as a tie-in but Kingstar wanted to get angry because of the local reaction?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Unfortunately aggro cannot use its power.

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth in a trembling voice.

“…This is the first time people have been so friendly.”

“Sure.”

Public favorability. This atmosphere feels like he will become a national idol at any moment.

The atmosphere was so good when the music video was released and it was still the same even though it’s already been a week since it was released.

Anyone in this situation would shake their head and say ‘I’m only walking on the flower path.’

“huh. “It’s really good.”

“yes yes…”

However the faces of those who say this do not have the comfortable smile typical of people who have received a happy ending.

So what do you think?

They look like cold sweat running down their foreheads.

In layman’s terms ‘Hey what should I do with this?’

This is the face that appears when you think about becoming X.

The reason was… the time was slowly coming.

“…But we’ll destroy this with our own hands in a little while right?”

“uh.”

I nodded.

“…Enjoy it while you can.”

“Ugh…”

Those with their noses glued to their smartphones have begun to enjoy the sweet taste of public opinion.

And within a few days the bitter taste began to rear its head.

* * *

Long before the Billboard chart rankings came out.

An article appeared on Monday when the week started.

[Testa appears on America’s popular entertainment show… Will the trend continue?]

I clicked because I thought everyone had come this far.

You must have been thinking something like ‘Oh there’s an American entertainment show coming out again.’

However if you read the article carefully you will find out the identity of the entertainment show in which Testa appears.

[Don’t mess it up]

It’s an entertainment program that isn’t very famous in Korea so you can get your head around it but when people you know start testifying the atmosphere changes.

-Ah… This is too B-grade and not that great but it’s like a strange challenge.

In other words it is an entertainment program that gives people difficult tasks and makes them mess up or harass them and then watch their reactions. In short class B.

-This isn’t a program where successful kids appear. Why do you want to appear on something like this?

-It’s perfect to forget the upper-class image that was created through the movie and the first stage…

ah…

However Testa’s appearance is only one corner of this.

Moreover usually 10 teams make up one corner and the appearance time for all 10 teams is only 17 minutes.

‘It looks perfect as a handshake among handshakes.’

It doesn’t end here.

For reference a famous and quite sophisticated talk show airs at the same time as this program.

And most of the globally recognized groups led by VTIC performed in the program.

In other words we could have appeared there but we turned it down and are now appearing in this B-level program.

At this point you can guess the atmosphere.

-Did it turn?

-Why on earth do I come here and I don’t understand?

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ I’m so frustrated I’m going to search around.

It’s even the first time a KPOP idol appears.

In the first place one of the previous production staff members even made xenophobic remarks. This is a program that was cut and has a strong local flavor even among locals.

It means that our treatment cannot be good.

-after…

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

What happened after this news circulated all over the Internet?

“…um it’s quiet?”

“yes.”

Somehow it is being ignored as if there was no news.

‘I knew so.’

If we admit that this was Testa’s shameful mistake wouldn’t it feel like the sense of vicarious satisfaction has disappeared and we have lost?

Since it doesn’t suit the taste of the soup that one enjoys a situation has arrived where everyone pretends not to notice and deliberately doesn’t mention it.

“The fans are also quiet.”

That’s another reason.

‘I’m holding back for strategic reasons.’

Testa’s recent momentum is so good that he gets even more upset but at the same time he doesn’t want to let that momentum go so he keeps quiet.

This is because there is no benefit in making a fuss and canceling the already scheduled schedule and the American entertainment schedule when there is no alternative.

So overall Testa’s buzz went out and the glowing praise and reactions went out like a candle.

The only thing that remains is the Gukbbong channels’ videos of mental victory that are as good as nothing.

“…”

“…”

Although it is rare to hurt the public’s feelings and not be criticized it may be more comfortable to be criticized.

Look even Bae Se-jin who already knows what this appearance is for is looking at the overseas reaction translation channel where uploads have stopped with a sad face.

“…”

“brother.”

“know. “It’s necessary!”

okay. Because it was all discussed.

KPOP is no longer an unfamiliar genre even in the United States and is a genre with a solid fan base as a subculture.

This obviously has great benefits but it also has the effect of making only those who are already watching see it.

‘To avoid that we even collaborated with Limestone Movies.’

So if you just go in the direction that everyone else is doing you won’t be able to eat the entire pie that grew Limestone.

Bae Se-jin’s eyes returned and he nodded.

“…As long as we stick to our plan we can do well.”

“Of course.”

I shrugged. And then he hit Cha Yu-jin who was standing next to him on the shoulder.

“He organized everything. A native person.”

“that’s right. Trust me! “I’m good at it!”

“No I believe it!”

I left the two chatting and looked back at Sun Ah-hyun who had also stopped monitoring.

Since we put a lot of effort into this activity I thought I would be concerned about the cool atmosphere… but then he flashed his thumbs up…?

“Of course I believe…!”

“…uh. thanks.”

“Ugh!”

Yeah um. If so that’s okay…

‘Final inspection.’

I relaxed my shoulders and checked the best comments from the last first stage which were still moderate.

I have quite a few stories.

-The moment Park Moon-dae enters the room after lying down his posture is so detailed. He must be crazy.

-If AR was like this he would have said under his breath that it was too obvious but he has no conscience and is cowardly fighting with his vocals.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-I’m tired of Park Moon-dae’s TOUPLE grade memo. It melts gently

That’s a really rewarding reaction.

I remembered my status window.

‘S+’ is floating around… the singing stat.

That’s right. I added one remaining stat point to vocals.

If you put it in a B+ dance the alphabet changes to A- so why didn’t that happen?

This is because I was convinced by seeing and comparing various ability levels in real life.

‘The S+ grade is complete.’ Say.

For example there is a guy whose music stats have finally reached S+ with this album.

[Name\: Cha Yujin]

Talent\: S+

Now if this kid just narrates to any song on the street people will stare. Even the sense of stand-out which felt a bit arbitrary before serves as a point.

And… there is one guy in another group whose other stats are S+.

I frowned.

[Name\: Cheongryeo (Shin Jae-hyun)]

Dance\: S+

Cheongnyeo.

The aim of the S+ grade for his dance is to be perfectly optimized for the KPOP group dance center.

The power and power that comes from ‘ideally’ embodying the intended feeling with precise force and nuance.

It would probably look good even if you gathered a bunch of clumsy CD-grade guys and put them next to each other.

In fact considering that the EX level seems to be at the level of a legendary great person S+ is probably the final level at which a person can sublimate into art.

So in order to completely block the number of cases where ‘my singing doesn’t work’ the best thing to do was to raise the singing grade to S+.

‘You can’t miss it.’

And… there was one more reason why I didn’t upload the dance.

…Because what I run is not a solo act but a group.

‘There are so many people who are good at dancing.’

It’s not like I’m going to be the dance break center but right now there’s no problem in completing this team’s choreography with just a B+.

‘I need to excel at what I’m good at.’

Performing your role with even higher quality is more helpful to the quality of the team.

And everyone else besides me did the same.

I looked around with quite satisfaction. The guys who stopped monitoring seem quite trustworthy.

Anyway it was time to use the S+ vocalist once more.

This shoot was completed well and paid off…

“Wow I guess someone on the production team posted that they were voluntarily appearing on the show after our company contacted them directly. Wow it’s really amazing.”

“…”

I’ll see you guys after filming.
