---
title: "Chapter 349"
category: "book"
index: 348
section: "Chapter 349"
slug: "349"
---

# Chapter 349

‘So… Eugene is coming here?’

Hannah Hamilton who graduated from the same middle school as Cha Yu-jin sat on the couch in front of the late-night TV for the first time in a long time.

She was using the fact that she knew Cha Yu-jin in high school as an excuse to watch the program.

‘Anyway we met once a few years ago.’

At a TV show restaurant that sold hotteok a Korean fusion snack.

-Um… have we met before? Middle school? elementary school?

-Ah… It’s Hannah Hamilton. I was in the same class as you in middle school.

-Ah~ Hannah! nice to meet you. how are you?

Cha Yu-jin still had the unique feel of a successful person but surprisingly she chose the subculture of KPOP as her career.

After becoming aware of his group (now known as a group not a band!) she looked up the group’s activities a few times.

It was because she felt a strange fondness for a boy of her age who was so proud and into subculture like her.

And I came this far despite being surprised by some of the cultural differences.

‘A heterosexual man in his 20s who dyed his hair pink.’

‘…Cha Yu-jin does this too?? Anime Magic Girl?’

‘They’re a good team that really cares about each other… ’

I empathized with them and even watched their live American entertainment shows.

[MESS ~ MEEESSS ~]

Humorous primary-color subtitles flowed on the screen. Hannah looked at it in horror.

‘This show is funny but I don’t know why you’re on it.’

-Testa is not allowed here!

-This is sadistic harmful trash no different from a third-rate reality show that just harasses people who want to make a name for themselves.

KPOP fans were crying out on her account. Honestly I sympathized to some extent.

[Today’s challenger is… Challenge! Can a cancerous lung survive for 30 minutes in a red tube that makes strange noises?]

[That can’t be all! The moment you become a coward lovely unicorn dolls will pour in! You are a loser!]

In this way it was full of ridicule and teasing disguised as a challenge.

Because it is a self-righteous structure that mocks the person who takes on the challenge by arrogantly saying ‘of course it is possible’ it also quietly avoids ethical censorship.

[Boo! It’s complete trash!]

[Didn’t you just blink like you were really scared? is it so. It’s a failure. You loser!]

Sometimes there is no exact standard for punishment. The production team and MC simply give penalties at the timing that seems most humorous.

Sometimes even the MC himself got hurt.

So it was really funny.

To some extent the sound of the MC giggling was vivid even to Hannah who only occasionally watches clips on WeTube.

‘So it’s a longevity program.’

In any case it was not appropriate for someone with an image of maintaining a certain level of dignity and class to appear.

As a result American Testa fans also complained and the production team tried to subtly make fun of it.

-Their company said ‘first’ that they would like to have the honor of appearing in person? (eye rolling emoticon)

Later even the MC joined in.

-Fresh and kind Asian boys… Cheer up (Emoji wearing sunglasses)

It was a mess.

‘We literally almost got into a fight.’

The stubborn conservative and somewhat vulgar MC got into a fiery war of nerves with the KPOP fandom.

But the scary thing is that once filming started all comments from the production team stopped.

‘I guess Testa did a good job. or not… ’

…or I screwed up so miserably.

So much so that ‘that’ MC thought he had crossed the line of joking and kept his mouth shut.

“Hmm.”

Hannah swallowed her saliva once and then looked at TV again.

The performer who jumped out of the coffin was filmed running away with rainbow glitter and a unicorn dangling his pants off.

[Loser~~]

[Actor Antonio Saltre is a cute scared pony or teddy bear!]

Testa shouldn’t have to suffer such a miserable situation.

Still fortunately the corner where Testa appeared this time was one where singers mainly appear.

[Next… My own street karaoke!]

This is the ‘Street Karaoke’ challenge corner.

[Various famous songs carefully selected by the crew are arranged and played in various versions!]

[Will the artist challengers be able to properly show off these masterpieces?]

At first glance you might think it looks more professional than a ridiculous challenge but…

It’s an illusion.

As you will soon realize this arrangement is a purely comical joke.

Moreover everything was improvised and of course it was up to the production team to judge whether it was done properly.

‘Ugh.’

Since the contestants are singers by profession the challenge is funnier for those who see it and more terrifying for those who face it.

Moreover the penalty this time is terrible.

[Today’s penalty is… gourmet cannon!]

[We carefully prepared only food from the hottest restaurants on social networks! This isn’t actually a penalty right?]

puck!

“Ugh!”

She watched as the shredded hamburger was launched like a bomb and landed in the bemused cast member’s face.

I felt ashamed that I almost laughed.

‘That… that’s a real shame!’

Isn’t this what you see when you’re bullied at school?

But Connor had already started off cheerfully.

[The first song is~ ‘Counting ma green’!]

It had to be an intense and dark hip-hop song.

However it is arranged and played as an amusement park march with exaggerated pronunciation that cannot be understood.

[Oh Hong Hong Hong! It’s lively and lovely~]

[Nanananananannannanannannanannan~]

puck.

puck.

Puff puff puck.

People get hit in the face with cannons to the cheerful beat of trumpets.

It was a sight to behold.

“Puhup!”

The person who stays blank until the interlude passes and gets beat. The person who tries to get in on a verse but gets pushed out by the beat and falls into ruin.

Even the type who sings a few lines well and is full of hope ends up getting hit with food in the face.

[Cast\: What kind of X is this…]

puck!

[Gestures suck!]

“Hehehe!”

She gritted her teeth and smiled. It was such a primal laugh that I couldn’t help but laugh.

“Oh please! evil!”

The problem was that Testa was not visible even after two or three songs had passed.

Even if it only lasted 1 second I would have definitely recognized it. How could you miss the powerful scene of being cannonballed with food?

‘No way… edit?’

Fortunately or unfortunately it wasn’t.

This is because Testa did not appear until more than 10 minutes had passed and one advertisement placed between the corners had passed.

Seven young men standing on the street like other cast members.

Give it a little spotlight.

[that’s right. They give me preferential treatment because I am a cast member of ‘Cosmic Gunner’. I’m close with the director there. You know right?]

The first song Sunny March comes again with the MC’s crazy narration.

“iced coffee…”

From now on I’m going to show you how Testa prepares food in a flashy manner.

With that in mind it was time for Hannah to relax and watch TV.

Cha Yu-jin who was looking at the microphone fixed in front of the camera with her hand stuck in her jumper with a sullen expression smiled.

And then we go straight into the beginning of the march.

[Cast\: NANA NANA NANANNNNNA!]

“uh.”

And Testa started walking to the beat. Steps like parade-style choreography.

And naturally I follow the song while checking the lyrics that appear below the camera.

On his face was the bright capitalist smile typical of amusement park employees.

[Cast\: The taste of money~ I can’t stand it I’ll have it~]

It was funny as the lyrics about making people laugh with a refreshing smile and the amusement park accompaniment came together amazingly.

“Hahaha!”

And they each make their own unique parade gestures and take turns successfully surviving the first verse!

[Yes~ Whatever. Lucky guys.]

The sound of the audience laughing was inserted behind the MC’s voice which was exhausted due to failing to give a penalty. So it was funnier.

But Testa’s story didn’t end there.

[Next song!]

Next is a trendy R&B band song that flows smoothly…

Made with extremely high-pitched heavy metal.

“Ugh.”

How many people were so frightened by the change in height that they couldn’t enter the building and got food thrown in their faces?

However this time white-haired member Park Moon-dae casually sticks his head into the microphone in front of the camera.

And then he opened his mouth.

[YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!]

“…!!”

Shouting.

His facial expression didn’t change and he continued to sing that high note.

Although his neck was red and there were blood clots his expressionless expression and high-pitched voice were not enough for the impact to be noticed.

And after that the other members naturally shook their heads violently.

Ooooh!

The shaking of the jacket is a bit exaggerated so it looks better. Audience sounds inserted into the screen scream and cheer.

[…also?]

[Yeah well he’s a really great singer. I can clap too. Clap clap clap. Did you hear?]

The audience bursts into laughter again.

But soon the MC’s voice which had lost strength regained strength.

[Then the next song has to come out… You all know this but it would be really funny if it were ruined at the end!]

“Huh?”

And a new accompaniment that had never appeared before began to appear.

The latest disco song with a popping beat that is currently on the Billboard charts…

It is a ballet arrangement.

“!”

[Then the next song has to come out… You all know this but it would be really funny if it were ruined at the end!]

“Huh?”

And a new accompaniment that had never appeared before began to appear.

The latest disco song with a popping beat that is currently on the Billboard charts…

It is a ballet arrangement.

“Phew!”

It was incredibly funny but it was funny because there was no hole for Testa to escape through!

[haha!]

However one of the Testas crept forward from behind.

A pretty young man with well-groomed black hair. He naturally stood with his legs crossed and turned with one foot gracefully.

“…!!”

[What??]

Fouette.

And at that moment the six people behind us exchanged glances and started humming.

A composition that follows the main melody and accompaniment appropriately.

Acapella.

[…Oh Lord.]

“oh my god.”

And at just the right time I found the accompaniment and found the intro!

[Cast\: I can take you to the night sky~]

The audience on the screen cheers.

A twist is always fun.

After doing all these crazy things he even gets applause from passersby on the street.

[Why are they applauding!]

[What is this… Wait are you all gone? How much did you give?]

The audience burst into laughter again as the MC’s narration which had been unexpectedly caught by a surprise camera began to growl.

Cha Yu-jin who was leisurely giving a high five smiles and nods her head.

[Cast\: Did you receive an appearance fee?]

[no!! What I mean is that you guys… ugh! It’s going to spin!]

“ha ha ha!”

The microphone in front of the camera shakes like an angry puppet to the sound of Hannah’s laughter.

[This is… right! This is actually a failure!]

[I’m so good that it’s not good. Right?]

Testa looked at each other and smiled slightly. And the member with white hair answered calmly.

[Cast\: No. I don’t know.]

[It’s a failure because it’s not funny. This is a comedy show!!]

[Cast\: Hmm.]

Testa then responds and instead of continuing the skit exchanges glances again and nods.

‘what?’

And Cha Yu-jin opened her mouth.

[Cast\: OK. Kill them all and shoot them.]

“…!!”

pop!

And the restaurant cannon was truly fired.

Not once but several times. In everyone’s face.

Puff puff puff puff puff puck!

“Ugh!”

Hannah watched with her mouth open.

Testa’s appearance became as miserable as those before him.

[Cast\: Ouch.]

Cha Yu-jin who had bolognaise sauce dripping down her forehead wiped it away with her fingers.

Even then he grinned.

[Cast\: It’s delicious.]

[oh my god.]

[Cast\: I appeared because it seemed the most fun. It’s a truly amazing experience.]

[Please turn it off immediately. Quickly.]

[Cast\: Of course. Have a good night everyone.]

[Cast\: Good night~]

The members smiled wiped their faces with cloth or their hands and leisurely walked away from the camera.

I took a look and this is it.

‘and… ’

He is not humble at all is confident and has a firm world of his own but he is not unlucky.

It was all the conditions this neighborhood expected from an artist.

individuality! ability! Star quality!

Moreover doesn’t it fit perfectly with the image of the band that appeared in “Cosmic Gunner”? It was almost like they were themselves!

[Well… well… try playing the other guys! It’s not funny!]

And the screen ended with the performers unable to follow the ballet arrangement again and being hit by a restaurant cannon.

But everyone who watched knew. The ending is actually the scene where the band was walking out earlier.

“Wow.”

If you literally wanted to make an impression it was a huge success.

And sure enough as soon as the broadcast ended a new post was uploaded to the MC’s account.

———————==

[I swear on my house that I did not tamper with it. This is a really crazy band. #Save me]

———————==

“Wow!”

It was a declaration of surrender.

‘It’s a mess!’

Without realizing it she searched not only for KPOP accounts but also for people who watched today’s program pouring out comments on her account.

Still I thought.

‘I’m like this but they’ll be cool and go back to Korea right?’

Yes Cha Yu-jin was someone who could do that.

The same goes for his group!

* * *

We’re in the middle of rinsing a guy like crazy.

Who are you?

“Seon Ah-hyun! “Seon Ah-hyun!”

“Oooh!!”

“Seon Ah-hyun did it all!”

Of course it’s Sun Ah-hyun! This guy did an ad-lib that wasn’t even planned!

I’ll be honest. We cheated a bit.

They had already organized all the candidate songs they would use and studied the expected answers.

This is what I have been doing every day since Azusa.

Since it is a long-running segment that has been performed over 100 times there are many references but the song was immediately answered.

‘These guys write half of the latest popular songs and half of the popular songs from 10 years ago.’

Since the program must have been running for a long time I thought they would have fixed the range of songs to avoid overlapping.

And arrangement is also answered with statistics.

1. Listed in order of frequency of arrangement types used in the program over the past three years.

2. Weight is given to new arrangements released within the past year.

3. However arrangements used during the latest 3 episodes are excluded.

Once I figured out the song pattern and arrangement pattern it was all smooth sailing.

-Is this funny?

-It’s not funny!

-Okay I’m not going to use a country arrangement here. pass.

All you have to do is get checked by S+ who has native sensibility and match the arrangement.

‘I covered more than half of it with this.’

So under the leadership of Kim Rae-bin the expected arrangement and feeling were already drawn up and who appeared in the main role for each song was decided.

however…

‘Where are these crazy bastards getting ballet from?’

I guessed the opera but I didn’t know that these idiots would throw in a piece that wasn’t even sung.

However this became a huge hit because Sun Ah-hyun really knocked out the ballet with her first move.

‘If it wasn’t for this guy I would have really been screwed.’

Because this was a meaningful task you had to clear the given songs with a neat concept from start to finish.

Embarrassing was the worst thing I could do but I couldn’t do anything to prevent an almost embarrassing situation.

Everyone is making such a fuss because they made a deliberate play.

“No but what? “Ahyeon changed her major to dance. How can that just come out?”

“I prepared for a presentation before when I was in middle school…”

“It’s amazing that you even remember that it’s such an incredible event!”

“No… I’m used to this…”

I won’t accept any excuses.

Anyway it was only when it was time to move that Sun Ah-hyun came down to the floor with a red face receiving applause.

“I…”

But in the meantime he keeps talking to me.

‘hmm.’

Their faces are full of anticipation similar to when they released this album’s concept.

I understand.

‘I just want to hear your story.’

He did this before and he seems to have decided that he has shown himself to be capable enough to listen to what only I and Keun Sejin are talking about.

And actually qualifications are not the problem but it is true that this guy carried this number.

‘It’s okay to put it off even more.’

I looked back at Big Sejin. He also nods his head.

then…

Yeah fuck it. Let’s open our mouths!

For your information it was a really stupid idea.
