---
title: "Chapter 350"
category: "book"
index: 349
section: "Chapter 350"
slug: "350"
---

# Chapter 350

On my way back home I immediately realized the reality.

‘When will you tell me?’

There is no time.

This was not a tour season where you could flexibly cut off time if you wanted.

In extreme cases it is an early stage of activities where schedules are planned by the minute.

‘It’s hard to go out now so what?’

With this crazy schedule will there ever be a time to talk to Sun Ah-hyun separately?

But the answer was easy to find.

“Can I use my room?”

“…!”

“I’m in a private room~ Let’s talk at night after the schedule is over!”

yes.

Coincidentally the person who was living alone in the dormitory knew everything about the situation. There is no need to go out and make a place.

“Of course Sejin needs to sleep too~ If the story gets long I’ll use your room… Mundaemundae? “Are you listening?”

“Oh thank you.”

After arranging a few certain times on the plane I decided to call Sun Ah-hyun separately as soon as I got back to my dorm……

“I’ll be there for now. No matter how much Ahyeon likes her friends she has to create an atmosphere and prepare for people to trust her~”

That is correct.

Still Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be concerned that there was something between me and Keun Se-jin that was not shared only with her.

Let’s leave the other parties as well.

That day I spoke to Sun Ah-hyun at the commercial shooting site which I went straight from the airport to.

“Ahyeon.”

“Huh?”

“After filming when I go to the hotel I plan to have a chat with Lee Se-jin at night…”

“Ugh! all. of course!”

“Oh yeah.”

He himself was very active. Thanks to this the appointment was made in an instant.

The story goes that three people of the same age sat down on the sofa in Big Sejin’s cell.

“Now everyone please sit comfortably~”

“Ah huh…!”

“…”

I don’t know how this kid can sleep with ten dolls of his own character right in front of his bed. Are the nerve cords made of iron?

Anyway I turned away from the doll heads and turned my head to look at Sun Ah-hyeon.

Sun Ah-hyeon seemed nervous but more than that she seemed to be looking forward to it.

‘My eyes are sparkling.’

No it’s such an enormous secret… That’s right.

That’s right. Just last year I never thought I would say it so openly.

“hmm.”

I cleared my throat and opened my mouth.

“First of all… I’m sorry if you’ve felt a bit left out due to recent circumstances.”

“Oh no! Of course you don’t have to tell me… It’s because everyone is working hard…”

“…?”

for a moment.

I looked back at Big Sejin. A look of embarrassment also flashes across his face.

Meanwhile Seon Ah-hyun blushes and continues talking.

“I haven’t been able to lead a conversation well… or show a great performance at work… Ugh I don’t think I can share it easily…”

“…”

Hey this.

It seems that Sun Ah-hyun thought that Keun Se-jin and I were handling some grandiose and complex behind-the-scenes work.

And I think he thought he wasn’t trustworthy enough so he didn’t share it even though it was a group issue.

For a moment I looked back at Sun Ah-hyeon’s recent actions and suppressed my sleep.

‘So… did you actively participate in that effort?’

Now the puzzle is finally falling into place.

‘Damn it.’

It’s twisted.

I put pressure on the hand that was trying to press my forehead and lowered it.

‘This… is because I was buried.’

Because of this guy’s secret incidents from Ryu Cheong-wu to Keun Se-jin broke out so his brain was fixed in that direction.

If you want to hear something from me of course it will be my secret.

“…”

okay. Then again… there is no need to tell Seon Ah-hyeon about my identity.

‘He can’t even guess.’

It’s a good time to bring up label or media issues and gloss over them with appropriate lies. Sun Ah-hyun will probably let that go.

‘…but is it still okay?’

I clenched my fists.

But from now on whenever I deal with system-related work I’ll leave this guy out. Don’t you feel more deceived from that guy’s perspective?

If that was going to happen I should have just not said anything.

‘At that point I have nothing to say even if I’m told to lie.’

It would be better to make it clear that it is not a work-related problem but that it is a personal matter and you cannot talk about it. Because there was a misunderstanding between us.

Sun Ah-hyun might be a little disappointed but the matter will be resolved from there anyway.

‘The problem is.’

The thing is… I don’t want to do that.

It’s funny though.

“…”

I opened my mouth half impulsively.

“That… wasn’t a work issue. “I never thought you couldn’t work in the first place.”

“Huh?”

“It’s just my problem.”

I swallowed. Somehow I feel a bit uplifted.

“I wasn’t originally a Park Mun-dae but now I’m living in a Park Mun-dae.”

“…??”

“I couldn’t talk about it so I just kept quiet.”

“…Huh?”

I began to explain to Seon Ah-hyeon what had happened so far just as I had told Eun Se-jin.

“A few years ago I woke up and found myself in someone else’s body.”

However after saying it once the sentences come out in a more organized tone…

‘…This really isn’t something you would do with your right mind.’

“So to my eyes it’s like a kind of hologram…”

“Phew!”

“…If you smile one more time I’ll send you out.”

“Huh? It’s my room but the door handle has to go out… I’m sorry. “I received that doll from a fan. Please take care of yourself Mr. Moondae.”

I came across a few crisis sections where I desperately needed a drink but I managed to catch the big line and get through it safely.

‘I’ll talk about Gold 2 and Cheongnyeo later if I need to.’

There was no need to tell a story that was too complicated and varied to someone who had no clue at all.

I finished the story by receiving several supplementary explanations from Geun Se-jin.

“…So I’m just doing well right now.”

“…”

I finished it… but there was no response.

I opened my mouth again in some haste.

“I couldn’t say it easily because it was such an unrealistic story. “I was half-caught by this guy.”

“that’s right. “I’m also very perceptive~ Park Moon-dae wasn’t going to tell anyone but in fact I found out everything?”

“…”

And when I raised my head I saw Sun Ah-hyun’s blank face.

The guy came out a few times looked back at Big Sejin and then lowered his gaze slightly.

“…I see.”

“okay.”

And there is silence.

“…”

“…”

Longer than expected… longer.

‘…? why.’

You don’t even ask questions.

By the time cold sweat started forming on the back of my neck.

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth again.

But the person I was talking to was not me.

It’s a big hit.

“…over there. “Have you heard this story before Sejin?”

“that’s right. “It’s not that old… it’s not even a few months.”

“How… did you think? “I heard it first.”

“hmm?”

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“There’s no reason for Mundae to lie about something like this right?”

“…!”

“Because there was a literary school that I had seen so far… I just thought it was like that.”

“…”

Seon Ah-hyeon bowed her head again at Keun Se-jin’s words.

‘What are you thinking?’

Why are you doing this without even asking me about the content? No of course it’s quite shocking… but.

I bit my tongue.

‘Stop making unnecessary assumptions.’

Of course you might be curious about what the person who heard the story first thought.

still…

I opened and closed my hand a few times then let it go and opened my mouth.

“If it’s hard to believe…”

But this sentence was not finished.

Because Sun Ah-hyun answered.

“Oh no. “I believe it.”

“…!”

The guy raised his head and smiled faintly with a slightly tired look on his face.

“Yeah… that’s right. “Of course I know that Moon Dae is not the kind of person who would lie about something like this.”

“It must have been very difficult… Mundae. “Until now… you’ve had a hard time.”

For some reason I was speechless.

Only after clearing my throat a few times was I able to answer calmly.

“So you made a lot of money and did well. “Then that’s it.”

“Ugh…”

Sun Ah-hyun answered quietly.

“But… if you’re having a hard time please tell me.”

“The school must be very reassuring right? These two are backup~ Oh Chungwoo hyung knows something too.”

“…Your wife Cheongwoo too…?”

“Oh that guy has some family circumstances…”

I confirmed that Seon Ah-hyun was listening intently to what Eun Se-jin was explaining.

Concentration has returned to his face.

“…”

It’s okay… is it over?

Big Sejin joked as he finished his explanation.

“For no reason have we been the same age since ‘Azusa’. In the end it’s just the two of us who know everything about Mundae’s situation. Take care Mundae.”

I found it funny in the end too. And after thinking about it for a while I reached out my hand to Sun Ah-hyun.

“Yes please take care of me. “Ahyeon.”

Sun Ah-hyun held her hands slightly trembling.

It was a bit cold but it had power.

“…Ugh!”

And the joy I saw in his eyes when he answered that question was obvious. That’s it.

The next day Seon Ah-hyun’s attitude did not change and I… I think I was somewhat relieved.

* * *

And a few days later.

A slightly unique schedule has returned.

“Well tomorrow is the day we go to Yonhee University.”

“Oooh!”

It was a college festival schedule that returned after nearly two years.

The price was so high last year that I’ve been going there consistently since my debut.

He is from 〈Azusa〉 and his music has been good since his debut song so he has gained public recognition at a level where even regular college students can listen to it and enjoy it.

And the university festival performance was quite a fun event so everyone responded well.

“Oh~ It’s been a long time. “Sounds fun right?”

“I know. “That’s an outdoor concert hall right?”

Thanks to this the conversation started like this and after a few minutes it moved on to talking about the university itself. Well it always happens when you chat in the car.

“…If I get a chance later I would like to at least audit the class.”

“okay. “I don’t regret completing a cyber university in order to combine it with work but I am still curious about other options.”

And Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“I had a scholarship and came to Korea. “It’s truly amazing!”

“and.”

“That is truly amazing.”

No one will be able to refute this. Because Raebin Kim is also nodding his head.

“Why did you do that?”

“Well is dancing fun? [It’s just that. I wanted to do that.]”

And it’s okay to say that I got a scholarship because I did so well.

I who had been supporting my living expenses as a data seller while maintaining my scholarship now find myself working a job that is completely unrelated to my major.

“brother! “Have you thought about going to college?”

“Not really.”

I don’t want to go there twice.

When I thought about that something occurred to me about being forced to go twice… this time I might actually go on active duty but I gave up for now.

‘after… ’

I envy gold medalists and foreigners.

“OK~ Just take a look at our campus! “It’s possible if you do it secretly!”

“Well… when the time comes.”

Even as I listened to Cha Yu-jin’s ridiculous words I checked the college festival on the schedule list feeling quite strange.

There was one reason.

“Isn’t this the university you graduated from Moon Daemun University?”

“…uh.”

When Cha Yu-jin stopped tapping my shoulder from the backseat Eun Se-jin said this.

This is the university I went to.

‘Is this my first time in this body?’

There was no need to go here.

And this agency only charges high fees for university events and puts places close to other events on a first-come first-served basis.

But this time it seems that this school raised the most money and the fastest.

‘It’s a great way to spend the kids’ tuition.’

Those guys with a lot of money raise tuition every year.

I wiggled my eyebrows and flipped through the schedule. Se-jin was next to me and he bowed to Seon-ah-hyun who was sitting on the other side.

“Ahyun ahyeon~ I heard this is the university I went to for the College of Arts and Sciences.”

“…that. I see.”

Sun Ah-hyeon asked me carefully.

“How do you… feel?”

“…Well it’s just like that.”

I chuckled.

“It’s been a long time since I graduated and the campus has been renovated so I’m honestly not that impressed.”

Big Sejin grinned.

“All right. “Big brother.”

“…”

Stop it you bastard.

“Hehehehe…”

I held back a sigh while listening to Keun Se-jin shaking his shoulders and suppressing laughter. Sun Ah-hyun smiled awkwardly.

‘Well… anyway all you have to do is perform well on stage.’

It was the first Korean event in a long time. I cracked my neck.

Our role is the ending.

I was in a position where I could sing an encore three or four times if time allowed.

‘I don’t think there will be any spare time to fill it all.’

But as always things did not go as expected.
