---
title: "Chapter 351"
category: "book"
index: 350
section: "Chapter 351"
slug: "351"
---

# Chapter 351

Wow!!

The sound of music and cheers was deafening.

Cha Yu-jin who checked outside whistled.

“Wow there are so many people here!”

“Oh~ I see. “It’s really powerful.”

It’s not like I’ve seen a large audience for a day or two but it was definitely a spectacle to see people of the same age singing and running in unison all dressed in the same colors.

It’s mind-boggling to think that I’ll be standing in front of you and performing in as little as 30 minutes.

“Our turn is 3 teams behind. “Do you have enough time to warm up?”

“yes!”

“I’m so glad it arrived within the expected time.”

“that’s right. “Wow thank you for your hard work Manager~”

The manager sighed in relief and started running around to talk to the person involved.

We sit in the space created as a waiting room relax our necks and bodies and wait.

‘Was there a place like this?’

I didn’t even know that a space like this existed because I wasn’t that interested in festivals when I was in school. No even if I had known I would never have entered a place like this.

Anyway just perform well.

University festivals are actually just events but there are a lot of people who secretly look forward to them.

‘Is it because it can be used as a measure of popularity?’

Fancams are also quite popular.

In fact I was impressed when I saw the lineup that was persistently kept secret until this morning.

‘I don’t know who pushed for it this time but they were determined not to create ticket scalpers.’

Of course it seems like the van was discovered the moment we got here.

-Testa??? Testa?

-Is this really a car?

└ㅇㅇ Fans agree

-It’s crazy. What is this year’s lineup? Did they even sing a testa?

-Ticket prices go up in real time wow.

At the same time there were legitimate posts asking people to lower their tuition if they had the money but it doesn’t matter because it’s not an insult to us. I don’t even have a diploma anymore so I’m happy to know.

Still you should get your money’s worth.

“Hyung Moon do you need to drink some water before stretching?”

“are you okay.”

“Give it to me!”

“Cha Yujin you’re sitting closer to the water than me!”

It’s still the same.

I continued stretching while the two guys were warming up by fighting.

For your information Seon Ah-hyun right next to me is steadily warming up her muscles in order from the largest to the smallest.

I saw it every time.

You do it like breathing.

It’s only natural that he’s been doing that since he was half as tall.

Hmm maybe I should have learned something.

“Ahyeon.”

“Huh?”

“Can you tell me the order of that?”

“Of course…!”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face brightened in an instant.

‘…That much?’

For some reason it reminds me of the time when I learned the choreography in “Azusa”.

I half-willingly followed the stretching recipe. This is because Sun Ah-hyun taught me too hard.

‘This guy would have made a living even if he was a teacher.’

“Lastly… back to the whole body.”

“hmm.”

I finished the last move cleanly.

Is this really okay? I will have to continue like this in the future. I should have found out sooner.

“thanks. “This is good.”

“…”

However Sun Ah-hyun did not respond for a long time and then suddenly opened her mouth.

“I… it’s a radish radish.”

“why”

“…Oh no.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled faintly.

“Well… I wanted to tell you that we should work hard together today as well.”

“…okay.”

I didn’t think I’d talk about that.

I kept my mouth shut.

‘…Isn’t it awkward as expected?’

You may have many thoughts about the fact that I am actually older than you are.

‘…for no reason.’

No let’s stop thinking.

Since I have to work I just think about work for now. I stopped guessing and got up.

“Let’s get ready!”

And after a while.

The outdoor stage that we jumped onto was already sweltering with heat.

Wow!!

Shouts were being made with already hoarse voices and people were rushing in from under the stage. A wave of people shaking behind it.

It’s so excessive that it’s almost wild.

‘Is this what it felt like?’

It is also a unique experience to see such a large community rather than just fans shouting passionately.

No there are fans too.

Park Moon-dae!!

I chuckled at the sight of a few brave people holding cheering sticks.

As soon as I came up I sang last year’s grand prize song ‘Promise’ and the atmosphere was very good. This is why it is easy to hold an event if there is a popular song.

‘It’s also fun to listen to people singing along.’

There is even a guy who performs while listening with one side of his head down.

And the moment the promised final accompaniment ended we stood upright with a tearful shout.

And a hand microphone is handed out.

“Take your star! Hello this is Testa!”

Wow!!

After bowing to Liu Chengwu who was out of breath the talk began softly.

“I’m really happy to meet the wonderful students of Yonhee University today…”

But Liu Chengwu looks at this and suddenly laughs.

‘What is it?’

And naturally he puts on the microphone.

“…??”

“How do you feel?”

Hey… even this bastard makes fun of people.

Suddenly I opened my mouth and held back a sigh as I was about to share my feelings about coming to my alma mater.

“It’s passionate and I really like it. “Of course blue is a cooler color than red.”

And raise your thumb.

‘These are the rules of the country.’

Mentioning the school’s representative colors and saying that it is better than rival schools.

I know everyone is like this anyway but when they go to the next neighborhood they change their attitude and say that red is good.

Argh! Gaaaak!

Good response.

Liu Chengwu smiles and takes the microphone to speak.

“So we also prepared a song where blue beats red.”

“Please focus on the movements of us and the dancers and enjoy them~ Let’s go to the next song!”

Big Sejin waves his hand and takes a seat. This is the prelude to this title.

I went in without missing the introduction.

“There’s a crying voice over there.

Look away more than usual. There are dozens of cameras immediately visible.

The smartphone light.

“The leader who appears first!”

Argh!

The reaction is also good when the high notes explode. I ran around the stage making big moves.

The momentum does not decrease until the next song and the next song.

Both us and the audience.

“Whoa.”

“thank you!”

There are 3 songs under contract. But since we had enough time we did one more encore. It’s good that there are so many songs so there’s no pressure.

“another?”

“do! Let’s do it!”

The next encore song was 〈Black Hole〉 which was the movie OST.

Since you can sing while walking it is easy to distribute your stamina and it is well known so the response was good.

‘It’s a success.’

I felt it intuitively.

I think I got a good score with this school festival event.

Maybe it’s because things have been falling into place these days but I don’t have a very negative feeling about it.

Even if it’s not me the excited guys next to me are filming tomorrow morning and they’re singing the next song.

“Whoa shall we do one more song? Is there anything you want to hear??”

picnic! picnic!!

Magic boy!

Popular picks are pouring in. We laughed and listened to the sound.

‘It’s a ready-made sound source.’

After struggling a bit I decided to keep the shouts at a moderate level.

But suddenly Raebin Kim’s eyes light up.

“I… do you mind if I tell you something?”

“uh? then!”

“Since we are in college the audience is preparing to enter society so we thought it would be a good idea to sing our debut song too!”

Wow!!

Was this guy this talkative?

“…I agree!”

Was Bae Se-jin this active too?

I guess everyone was excited today. Anyway given the atmosphere there is only one correct answer.

“Then shall we do that?”

yes!!

“great! “Please give me the ‘Magical Boy’ song.”

The staff below the stage exchange autographs in response to Ryu Cheong-woo’s powerful call.

Now if the ‘Magical Boy’ sound source plays like this…

-Oh oh~ Oh oh oh~

“…!”

“uh.”

At that time a loud chorus of men and women comes out of the speakers.

A slightly low-pitched exaggerated band sound that borrows melodies from famous classical music.

It’s definitely not the sound of the music box from ‘Magical Boy’ Jeonju.

I knew it right away.

‘You played it wrong.’

We played the cheering music first after we finished the ending.

“…Hmm.”

In short it’s an accident.

‘That’s possible.’

This is a common accident that occurs at events.

The problem is that about 7 seconds have passed and the sound still hasn’t turned off.

‘It looks like there’s an uproar downstairs.’

The moment we all freeze in embarrassment it sets the mood for an encore.

My smartphone is fully installed now but it doesn’t work.

‘Let’s at least wave our hands.’

Pretend to enjoy it.

I noticed the people around me laughing and dancing to the rhythm and then I raised both hands to do something similar.

And suddenly I realized.

‘If that’s the case I’d rather… ’

Shouldn’t it be like this?

I went forward and picked up the hand microphone I had placed on the floor.

“…?”

And then he opened his mouth to the chorus.

[Wake up! Portrait moving forward! Woowoowoo~ Our voices!]

Old-fashioned cheer songs flow naturally.

Oooh!

‘I didn’t forget this.’

This is because every time I go to the library during this season I turn it on on the street.

‘And the lyrics are taken from a poem.’

Actually the lyrics can be wrong. That is if only we could elicit a positive response.

[voice! voice! voice!]

I killed time with the members by singing in unison without overdoing it.

And around the end of the first verse the music finally turns off.

Wow!!

“thank you.”

It was fortunate. I don’t know verse 2. And laughter and applause poured out. The funny thing is that the members are doing the same thing.

“I enjoyed the encore cheers~”

“awesome!”

…Well I think it was good agility.

* * *

“oh my god!”

“That was a great ad-lib bro!”

As we entered the dorm at night on the way home the members added one more thing. Actually I’m a little bit pricked by my conscience because I’m just using it as background knowledge.

Bae Se-jin mutters softly.

“I know trot well…”

“…”

Even if you understand it that way… Isn’t it strange that there isn’t much wrong with it?

And the guy who knew the situation only stabbed me when people had dispersed to their rooms.

“Mundaemundae!”

Stop it.

“Surely you just learned it by actively participating in such events? A cheering song?”

Is that possible?

“There is an OT who saves up money when he is a freshman and teaches only that.”

“really??”

“uh.”

Sejin burst into laughter.

“hey.”

“I’m sorry! No I imagined it… Ah hmm.”

And even Ryu Cheong-wu who was standing quietly next to him made a noise.

“greatness!”

He keeps harassing people like he’s not even that bastard.

‘Do whatever you want.’

Anyway I uploaded one thing while trying to sort things out so it went well.

“Ah~ Thanks to Mundae we will be uploading popular videos again~”

And Big Se-jin even caught Sun Ah-hyun who was slipping into a corner.

“Ahyun did you hear? “I heard that I learned this separately from the university.”

“…”

But Sun Ah-hyeon did not look back.

“Um Ahyeon?”

“…Ugh I heard you…”

Sun Ah-hyeon did not turn around this time but she answered.

But the voice quieted down. And his shoulders shake as if he is out of breath.

‘now… ’

It feels strange.

It was the moment I was trying to speak.

Sun Ah-hyeon stumbled.

“…!”

“Ahyeon.”

“…Wook.”

The sound of holding one’s breath or gasping.

‘…Hyperventilating?’

And in an instant Sun Ah-hyun stumbled and ran.

“…!!”

bang!

To the entrance bathroom.

“Seon Ah-hyeon!”

I reflexively followed and grabbed the doorknob.

thud!

…locked.

why?

I can hear the guy running next to me shouting.

“Ahyeon? Sun Ah-hyun! Are you okay?”

All I could hear was the sound of retching.

“Mundae get out of the way. “Let’s destroy it.”

“Watch out.”

Cha Yu-jin runs out of nowhere and violently slams herself against the door.

bang! bang!

Ting…

And the door opens with the sound of the doorknob being removed.

When I opened the door I saw the back of Sun Ah-hyun with her face pressed into the sink.

My head is soaked from what I did in the meantime.

“Seon Ah-hyun where are you in pain?”

“Gu… I’m calling an ambulance!”

“Wait a minute the child’s condition right now…”

I walked into the bathroom and tried to tap the guy on the shoulder as he stood at the sink.

My shoulders suddenly slump.

“…!”

And I hear a small voice.

“I’m sorry… Mundae. “I’m really sorry…”

“…!!”

why…

“…”

“Guys wait a minute…”

Behind my back I could vaguely hear Liu Chengwu taking out the others.

And I stood there as if I had been struck by lightning.

“…what.”

As soon as I said that word the words exploded like a dam burst.

“Baba baro! “I should have told you… but I couldn’t because I liked being with you like that… ah I felt relieved…”

“…”

“I thought about you and really should have said it for you but it’s okay.”

Sun Ah-hyeon turned her head.

His face had turned completely white.

“You need to get dental treatment. Counseling… Now is not the time for you to be active… It’s getting worse… No I shouldn’t say it like this… I should say it properly…”

“…”

“I’m sorry… I don’t trust you… and I can’t help you…”

Sun Ah-hyeon’s face turned blue and she started panting again.

And I had seen that face.

-Oh hello…

daydream.

This was Sun Ah-hyun’s condition when I who was meeting her for the first time brought her to Letty.

‘ah.’

I almost reflexively brought up its status window.

Past the grandiose stat section where A and S intersect… underneath.

Special item.

Trait\: Guts (disabled)

!Status abnormality\: lack of self-esteem

Status abnormality.

[Lack of self-esteem]

You despise yourself.

All abilities decreased by two levels

And then I realized.

That I… did the right thing.
