---
title: "Chapter 352"
category: "book"
index: 351
section: "Chapter 352"
slug: "352"
---

# Chapter 352

The festival is over.

The Internet was flooded with various reviews and certification photos of Testa.

Reactions are pouring in from the university community as well.

-How dare you sing a cheering song there and encourage people to sing along? Let’s make Park Moon-dae an honorary performer.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Hey there is testimony that the manager tried to cry under George Go during the 3-song encore of King Star.

-They paid the right ransom. I liked their business ethics.

reputation. reputation. reputation.

A fancam appears and comments appear.

-The live is crazy this is what happens

-Let’s do a water bomb… This is absolutely not selfish.

-I hope there will be a lot of fancams for this activity song. It’s overwhelming because it gives me a sense of realism.ㅠㅠ

I hope I leave a lot behind.

It may be possible to schedule tomorrow but this cannot be guaranteed.

If you scroll down further there is also an ad-lib video of me picking up a hand microphone and singing a cheering song.

-A video shouting that this is an idol

-Your quickness is really crazy.

Quickness?

If doing what you know is quickness then even a dog should be called a tiger.

Park Moon-dae is the kind of person who benefits from information differences and wipes his mouth. The head doesn’t work well in a crisis situation.

A really quick-witted bastard would have said something different there.

therefore. In Seon Ah-hyeon’s words.

-…

-I’m sorry…

-No no.

Instead of just repeating words like a kid who doesn’t even know his native language.

So instead of standing there dumbfounded until the guys who eventually came back pulled Seon Ah-hyeon and me out of the bathroom.

At that time I would rather…

‘stop’

Quit unproductive families.

Move on to the next situation and think again.

And I… I think I came into my room but Sun Ah-hyun went to her room… I guess.

‘maybe.’

Didn’t take it outside. This would mean that he could still be in his dorm and that his condition had calmed down.

I pressed my face with both hands. My brain felt frozen. My head doesn’t turn…

Roll your head.

Don’t neglect your duties when that’s all you can do.

Why did things turn out like this… no. You shouldn’t say that.

‘Why did you create this shit situation you bastard?’

I gritted my teeth.

If you ask me where I started doing such crazy things…

Of course from the beginning.

‘I shouldn’t have thought of talking in the first place.’

Is this sane?

If you predicted that you would be taken to a mental hospital if you tell them you should have kept your mouth shut. What kind of mentality did you have to say such unrealistic things out of your mouth?

‘Because someone else trusted me? You’re generalizing from just one example you idiot.’

I should have been relieved and moved on if it worked after I was caught and explained. Why are you talking to someone who doesn’t know anything?

Is there any objective reason to accept this crazy nonsense? Was this something you wanted to talk about?

“Useless…”

Didn’t the situation end up like this because I did something stupid?

‘Seon Ah-hyeon’s condition is abnormal… ’

What on earth are you going to do with this situation being activated again?

“…”

Is it enough to just know the cause? Now that I know you did something fucking stupid I thought you would find a fundamental solution…

‘shut up.’

I covered my mouth. The teeth press down on my grip.

Let’s stop doing useless things and look at reality again rationally.

‘What to do.’

…somehow. Seon Ah-hyeon’s status abnormality must be deactivated again.

The reason Sun Ah-hyeon has been able to deactivate status ailments so far is thanks to her characteristics.

‘Guts.’

[Guts (A)\: You create your own mindset. Burn your concentration and press down on the negative state.]

– Offset one status ailment (highest priority) when activated.

However this trait… was deactivated because of the bullshit I was talking about and the status abnormality returned.

I clenched my fists.

‘late… ’

Previously I persuaded Sun Ah-hyun with my own characteristics.

-Just think ‘I’m going to accomplish this.’

Sun Ah-hyun was convinced by my words and decided to focus only on the task in front of her right now.

But there is no way my words are persuasive now.

Because I was the one who confused him so he couldn’t concentrate on his work.

You might already think I’m crazy but there’s no way it would work…

“…”

My brain is blank.

‘There’s something you can do… ’

How to persuade.

Just like before…

I reflexively brought up my status window. Then a pop-up appears as if you had been waiting.

[brother…]

Big moon.

There are no other words. The pop-up seems to be shaking… I wonder if it looks that way because I’m addicted.

Anyway how is it?

I muttered in a subdued voice.

“Trait… Is it possible to pick it again?”

It’s a trait that can persuade anyone.

“…”

The status window did not move.

And only after a while does the small text appear.

[no.]

ah.

Yeah I thought so.

[sorry…]

“There’s nothing to be sorry about.”

Why do I apologize every time I say bullshit? Is there any manual?

Why would I even do something like this…

[It’s not your fault bro. Not really.]

“That’s right.”

It wasn’t something that forced me to do it; it happened because I had a problem with my mental head.

I lost my ability to judge.

Other than that there is no other conclusion…

dripping.

“Mundae.”

someone is calling

When I turned my head I saw Liu Chengwu’s face cautiously entering the room.

“Ahyeon calmed down and is okay.”

“…”

“You said you wanted to be alone but… I’m sorry I wanted to come in.”

Liu Qingyu walked over with an embarrassed look on his face and gently sat down on his bed.

I want to stop hearing apologies.

“It’s my brother’s room but it’s his heart.”

“…Um okay.”

And there was a short silence. Liu Qingyu then opened his mouth again.

“Mundae. “It’s natural to want to tell someone about your situation.”

okay. And the fact that you’re really talking stupidly is a different matter.

“It was just a matter of timing now so don’t think too much about it. Okay.”

“…”

I was the one who chose that timing.

But there was no answer.

dripping.

Someone else came into the room.

‘It’s big.’

The guy closes the door he entered in again and as soon as he understands the situation he immediately speaks with a stern expression on his face.

“Park Moon-dae. This is my fault. Sorry.”

“…”

I feel like throwing up.

“How can this become your fault?”

“Because I instigated it.”

What is that guy saying now without changing his face at all?

“I made a mistake because I thought Ahyeon would naturally trust me.”

“…”

“You seemed so nervous when you talked to me so I was hoping you wouldn’t be that way this time. I crossed the line. “You just did your job.”

“no.”

I pressed my temples.

“It was I who spoke. “Stop it.”

“So that…”

Big Sejin opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something more but immediately closed it.

I was grateful for that. It felt like my head was going to break already.

“It’s not anyone’s fault that’s how the situation turned out so both of you stop.”

Liu Chengwu intervenes and cleans it up. I can’t agree but I thought I would.

But I couldn’t say the next words like that.

“But… it’s Mundae. “How about we take a short break?”

“…”

what.

“I’ve been active for over two weeks so it’ll be okay to take a few days off now. From the agency’s perspective it’s okay if everyone wants to come down with the flu or body aches.”

A soft and cautious voice continues.

“Shall we take a break and regroup?”

Reorganize.

The choice to stop being active.

“…”

If I have a conscience and think about Sun Ah-hyun’s condition I have to agree.

Considering the insane live difficulty level of the current title the decline in Sun Ah-hyun’s abilities will be immediately noticeable.

Then isn’t it obvious what you will hear? It causes all kinds of criticism and controversy.

‘It’s right to rest.’

If I were sane I shouldn’t be talking about working here.

but…

I turned my head and looked at the pop-up status window that I had not yet turned off.

When you rest… this guy.

[Brother please take a break and give yourself a break… please.]

There isn’t much left now. If we don’t make a record with this activity it will die. Go back to the status window.

But this bastard tells me to rest even though he clearly knows that…

“…this.”

I feel like my brain is going to explode.

Fuck there’s so much to think about so much to process… What on earth is this…

The words came out suddenly.

“later.”

stop.

Don’t say things that can’t be done. There is no later.

I have a schedule even in the early morning. There are less than 4 hours left. Even now we need to make accurate decisions quickly. Efficiently…

“Mundae.”

Someone grabbed my shoulder.

Liu Chengwu.

“Then let’s take off our schedule for at least three days. No problem for three days. There are a lot of pictures already taken. Okay Park Moon-dae?”

“…”

I nodded.

I don’t know what you can do with it though. Like that.

* * *

Living room at the same time.

Kim Rae-bin was suffering while holding in her hand the hot tea that Sun Ah-hyun often drinks.

“Anyway… I have to say that something happened between the two of you.”

Cha Yu-jin shook her head. His dear friend had great talent as an artist but he was terrible at this problem.

So I spoke honestly.

“Everyone knows. Raebin Kim.”

“…”

Instead of getting upset Raebin Kim nodded with a somewhat gloomy look.

The situation was that serious.

‘It’s really crazy.’

Sun Ah-hyeon looked almost like a self-destructive sleepwalker while Park Moon-dae looked like he was in shock. Because I had to support myself halfway to the bed.

Cha Yu-jin honestly couldn’t understand why the situation had become like this.

I think they both said they were sorry.

So doesn’t that mean there are no bad feelings towards each other?

But at the same time I understood the situation rationally.

‘Well it seemed like everyone didn’t have many friends.’

He has often seen relationships where people put so much importance on each other that they end up causing problems.

They were really clumsy people. That sincerity was also the charm of these team members.

‘Hmm… my brother is like that too.’

He saw Bae Se-jin stumbling and sitting in the living room with a defeated look on his face.

“I… Why can’t I speak like this?”

It seemed like my attempt to speak kindly to Sun Ah-hyeon failed.

He nodded feeling somewhat sorry.

“I speak well. “I will tell you and come back.”

“Now wait a minute.”

Originally I was going to go first to help Moon Dae cheer up but wouldn’t it be more difficult if he needed advice in addition to comfort?

‘I have to go to that place.’

Cha Yu-jin shrugged and confidently knocked on Kim Rae-bin’s room that is Sun Ah-hyun’s room and entered.

Seeing that no one tried to stop him it seemed like he made the right choice!

“Brother I’m going in…”

“…”

Creak.

When I opened the door and went in I saw Sun Ah-hyun sitting on the bed in front of the moonlit window.

As if my soul had escaped

He had a stiff posture and a pale complexion. It looked more like ruins than people.

That was at least possible thanks to the sedative.

“Hyung are you okay?”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded her head very slowly. Perhaps because of the drug his eyes seemed unfocused.

“Are you feeling okay?”

silence.

Cha Yu-jin sat down next to him and got straight to the point.

“Can’t you say anything to me? “Is it Moon Dae-hyung’s secret?”

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyeon turned her gaze. Only then did it look a bit like a person. Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“Everyone has secrets. “I know even if you don’t listen!”

Well isn’t it strange that people have no secrets in their lives?

And whether or not to share those secrets was just an option.

Does sharing a lot of secrets make your relationship closer and better? Do you really know that person better?

Cha Yu-jin didn’t think so.

‘If it doesn’t happen naturally it just becomes a weight.’

Maybe this was the situation right now.

[Anyway my brother heard the secret and some kind of problem arose from there.]

Seon Ah-hyun still didn’t move a muscle but she muttered softly.

“I ruined myself.”

“Then fix it.”

“…!”

[Don’t think I’m saying this lightly but I don’t think you’re offended by Moon Dae.]

Cha Yu-jin glanced at Sun Ah-hyeon.

[Then it will be easier to sort things out if you think about getting some sleep right now and talking with a clear mind to fix it.]

The advice was to relax and avoid panic.

And the answer comes back.

“…Oh I know.”

Sun Ah-hyeon muttered lowly in a cracked voice.

“…That’s why I… can’t do it.”

“…!”

“Every time. “Because you know and you don’t do anything…!”

Cha Yu-jin saw extremely clear emotions in Sun Ah-hyun’s eyes as she said those words.

‘That’s… ’

It was self-hating anger.

Sun Ah-hyun also knew. Why don’t you know?

There’s nothing he can do about it right now so the only way to help the situation is to keep his mouth shut and sleep.

But I can’t do that. Because I’m anxious the fear of ruining everything dominates my mind.

Likewise I realized it at the moment I heard Park Moon-dae’s ‘Secret’.

‘no… ’

The past activities of Mundae.

Considering the extreme choices like memory loss and nightmares… this wasn’t usually a serious thing.

-I am not Park Mun-dae.

It seemed like a sign that the emotional wounds were spreading into identity issues.

And he knew that he was the best person to bring up the story to Moon Dae.

‘I have to do it.’

Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin are people who have overcome their own mental hardships. Little medical help was received.

So if they are healthy and have full faith in Park Moon-dae.

‘It was just me…!’

The only one who could properly tell him about the danger was himself and that was the only way he could help Moon-Dae Park.

Although I have thought and resolved countless times to become a helpful friend and colleague who fulfills my role…

‘I couldn’t do that.’

…No I didn’t do it.

A precious relationship built on trust and intimacy could end with just one word.

Because that possibility alone was so scary.

‘What if I’m the only one who hates you because you don’t trust me?’

‘Ultimately it means that the gate is strange. Then… it shouldn’t be… ’

‘I’m going to feel bad… ’

But as long as you keep your mouth shut you can continue to get along well.

Sun Ah-hyun clenched her hands so tightly that they turned white.

‘For me it was more important to just be friends no matter what college I went to… ’

Because of his neglect Mundae’s symptoms became worse.

In the future if Mundae actually suffers great hardship while working and it becomes a situation that cannot be reversed…

‘It’s my fault.’

I had a hard time sleeping and was trying to gather information without showing that I was suspicious.

-Can’t I just trust it?

A state in which you want to somehow justify your self-justification even though you don’t really believe it.

Even though I knew everything there is one reason why I ended up not being able to do anything and ruined my work.

‘It’s because I’m the kind of person who can’t be helpful.’

There is no room for excuses.

Although he worries so much about what is good and what is right in the end he fails to do anything about what is truly precious and scary.

And unable to do anything about his weak spirit he poured it out on the other person in the worst possible way in the worst possible situation.

‘It’s not like I helped… ’

It’s just a wound. It was another wound to Mundae…

My throat was tight.

‘Don’t be in pain.’

Self-pity was also a luxury. Sun Ah-hyun suppressed her scream. Because crying and apologizing is not an indulgence.

“…”

Cha Yu-jin who was watching almost clicked her tongue which was unusual for her.

‘You look like some kind of ascetic medieval monk.’

The specific details were unknown.

I could see this atmosphere just by looking at it. Sun Ah-hyeon was in pain.

Still Cha Yu-jin decided to say what she had to say. In the end everyone has to come out of pain on their own feet.

Still you can give that person a stepping stone!

[hmm. all right. But this situation is a little different.]

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

[This time if you don’t do it Dae-hyung Moon will do it.]

“…!”

[Because when something happens to this group he is the type of person who tries to solve it himself.]

Sun Ah-hyeon raised her head.

[He’s that kind of brother. You know too right?]

Of course I knew.

[So this time it’s not a matter of whether you do it alone or not.]

“…”

[Either the older brother acts or the older brother Moon Dae acts first. It’s one of the two.]

Sun Ah-hyeon gritted her teeth.

then.

…then.

* * *

dawn.

“Let’s go Kong.”

Cheongryeo was walking down the street with his dog who finally returned last night.

Just my walking trail is still being used without any sightings or problems.

When I went out for a walk at the usual time I was happy to feel that everything was back to normal.

It’s funny that a routine that’s only been around for a few years is called that.

“hmm.”

He immediately wrote a text with a faint smile.

[I was discharged from the hospital]

You can send the photo you just took.

“Kong. here.”

“king!”

And he was about to take a picture of the dog’s smiling face.

I saw Inyoung sitting on the bench.

“…hmm.”

Thanks to the time zone it was rare but that didn’t cause any disturbance.

Because it was a person I knew.

“Junior.”

“…”

Dark bench. The black hood moves slightly revealing the contents underneath.

A familiar face.

Cheongryeo confirmed the pale complexion visible even under the mask. Meanwhile the voice heard is calm.

“…I have something to ask you.”

“…”

It was a very rare thing.

And since he has done this rare thing himself he made an equally rare decision.

“is it so? “Then let’s go in first.”

That’s how Park Moon-dae was invited to the VTIC dormitory.

In an impromptu way that would have been unexpected just yesterday.
