---
title: "Chapter 353"
category: "book"
index: 352
section: "Chapter 353"
slug: "353"
---

# Chapter 353

“Come in.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae wearing a black hood stumbled slightly and entered the entrance. Kongi groaned and circled around him.

The only sound that could be heard in the spacious and quiet accommodation was the dog’s howling.

“Beans are hands.”

Cheongryeo was trying to lift her dog who was already preparing to ‘finish the walk’…

‘hmm.’

I deliberately asked my companion.

“Can you help me?”

“…”

Park Mun-dae silently cleaned Kongi’s four paws prepared the meal and eventually even allowed the dog to rest its head on his leg.

‘I can’t come to my senses.’

When I thought I had crossed the line there was none of the usual reaction.

Cheongryeo placed the hot drink across from him and spoke casually.

“Did you fail?”

“…”

A hooded head raised its head. There is no particular backlash.

‘That’s right.’

It depends on what kind of failure it is but it probably won’t be work-related.

‘Then there’s no way I wouldn’t know.’

He did not miss his competitors’ trends.

Perhaps information would come to him faster than Park Moon-dae’s poor company would realize the problem themselves…

Cheongryeo looked at his competitor who was still wearing a mask and continued speaking.

“I heard you had something to say. do. “I will listen.”

“…”

Park Mun-dae looked down at the dog and spoke in a quiet voice.

“You said you explained the situation to someone else.”

“Of course.”

Oh I failed at that.

It seems that Park Moon-dae told someone about the situation again.

Since Park Moon-dae confided in Hana who appeared to be of the same age it is highly likely that he was the same age as the remaining Hana. That’s how relationship pressure usually works.

He could have said something like ‘I told you I didn’t recommend it’ but Cheongryeo omitted it.

Because I felt like I knew it well even if I didn’t have to.

“Excuse… I heard you have an excuse.”

“There is.”

I looked at him wondering if he was just asking for information rather than a deal or a threat but his junior didn’t seem to be in a state to make such calculations right now.

Really unusual.

Cheongryeo confirmed that the reason Park Mun-dae did not grab the cup in front of him was because his hands were shaking.

The sleeve fabric was shaking.

“…”

He is in a state of crisis as if he is incontinent and barely able to withstand a huge shock with only his outer form remaining.

Cheongryeo found traces of an unfamiliar very old version of herself in that appearance.

Just like I did a few times with Park Moon-dae in the past.

So I obediently opened my mouth.

“First I create a storyline similar to my own. “Find references in well-regarded best-selling novels or movies.”

Cheongryeo even found and organized appropriate examples by year.

Even if you make a mistake you shouldn’t reveal in advance the work that will be released in the future.

“I said that first in the interview. “Focus on keywords.”

”…”

“It’s like foreshadowing that I’m attracted to the concept.”

Then the member who heard his secret will later say something and pass it off as a joke or overindulgence.

It’s a way to take the public and throw away the relationship.

“It’s a way to neutralize the other person’s mouth. It’s effective. “Should I say it’s the same principle as a vaccination?”

However no words came out of the masked mouth.

Cheongryeo guessed somewhat unevenly.

‘Do you not like it?’

Park Moon-dae was sometimes overly emotional. Well it’s only natural since I only came back once.

Although Cheongnyeo was internally dissatisfied with it he offered another alternative.

“You don’t like it? Then just tell the other person directly that you made a mistake because you had a hard time working.”

“…!”

“At first it was a fantasy I had as a joke but I think I actually started to believe it myself… to that extent?”

Park Moon-dae raised his head.

Since this method focuses entirely on making the other person feel at ease in fact Cheongryeo herself has rarely used it except for the first few times.

‘Because there are variables and efficiency issues.’

This is because I was annoyed by sudden behavior even if it was only slightly insincere.

However it seemed like an appropriate method to Park Moon-dae.

Actually if you cared that much I didn’t think you would say anything insincere. Cheongryeo kindly added an explanation.

“Then I will believe it even if I see some loopholes. “It’s positive and not too different from the expected answer.”

Cheongryeo slowly finished speaking while looking at Kongi who was even giving Park Moon-dae his hand even though he was not called.

“Those types of people rarely change their minds.”

And laughed.

“You don’t want to be the wrong person right?”

“…”

“Give me the answer I want to hear. Then it will be resolved.”

In front of Cheongryeo steam was still rising from the drink that Park Mun-dae had not even touched.

And when Park Moon-dae finally made eye contact…

I was sure.

“no.”

this.

* * *

My head feels like mud.

Thanks to this I managed to fit into someone else’s dormitory which was identical in structure to Testa’s dormitory this early in the morning. I know it’s not a funny situation.

However even though the head is like a worm’s burrow so complicated that you don’t know what to do with it one thing functions.

It is denial.

“no.”

Cheongnyeo who was sitting across from me lowered her head to the side.

I feel like cold water has been poured into the mud in my head.

“hmm?”

“He… isn’t that kind of guy.”

That one thing could definitely be refuted.

‘Sun Ah-hyun is a person who admits that she was wrong.’

To the point of being harsh.

He continued to live like that until now. While remaining conscious of my own trauma and shortcomings.

[! Status abnormality\: lack of self-esteem]

With that condition in mind you continue to find and acknowledge your own shortcomings and points to improve.

To the point of excessiveness.

And try to overcome it.

[Attribute\: Guts]

Its characteristics seemed to reflect that.

The mindset to overcome. And I try my best to make the right decision.

‘I’m not the kind of guy who can easily be convinced that I told him what he wanted to hear.’

So instead a problem arose.

I remember what Sun Ah-hyun shouted…

-I’m sorry… I don’t believe you… and I can’t help you…

“…He wanted to believe.”

“I guess so.”

“But I thought it was right not to believe it.”

“…”

“I didn’t come to a conclusion in a way that was convenient for me but I ended up in this situation because I was trying to find an uncomfortable answer.”

Because I… couldn’t explain it properly I misunderstood that mental illness was the correct answer.

‘…Actually your record was impressive.’

I smiled wryly as I recalled how I had dealt with everything from seizures to alcoholism.

…I don’t know why I thought Sun Ah-hyun would believe it.

“So… I have no intention of using that method. It doesn’t work. Because it’s the opposite situation.”

If it were Sun Ah-hyun she might think back on those words and realize that it was an appropriate excuse.

Then there is really no turning back.

“is it so? all right.”

Cheongryeo nods as if there is nothing to regret.

“But… didn’t you think it was a very presumptuous judgment?”

what?

“I…”

“No not your junior… him.”

“…!”

“Didn’t you get into trouble because you were convinced that the wrong answer was the right answer? “I don’t know why you’re trying to be so considerate…”

“…”

“Isn’t it unfair?”

I clenched my fists.

But soon he relaxed his strength with a sigh.

“It’s me who said the words and ultimately I’m the one who has to accept the reaction.”

The words came out calmer than expected.

“It’s true that if someone spilled the beans even though they didn’t torture you you have to deal with it.”

“hmm.”

The guy across from me didn’t seem to agree very much but he didn’t object this time either.

“is it so. Cheer up. “If you don’t like it you can give up at any time.”

“Even if you leave Testa your life doesn’t end. “Isn’t that right?”

This kid seems to have healthier ideas than before…

‘Why does it sound like this?’

This is really annoying.

Besides my current situation is not the time to think about only that.

‘Someone other than me is going back to the status window you idiot.’

I gritted my teeth.

However even if I said ‘Anyway my junior won’t die… Well that’s right. all right’

I felt like I was going to make a noise about the same clothes exploding so I just kept my mouth shut.

And then I looked at him again.

‘This guy with poor empathy skills is so good at giving me counseling.’

I was sitting on the bench just in case to cool my head but I had no idea that I would come all the way to the dorm and be treated to tea.

‘…Is there any comparison?’

I was silent for a moment remembering that Cheongryeo was closed when I came to see the news about the dog being hospitalized.

No no matter what it’s different from just randomly coming to my house. Still let’s say what we have to say.

“Anyway… thank you for the advice.”

“You’re not going to perform it are you? haha.”

That’s my heart baby.

Anyway I started thinking again with a clearer mind than the night before.

‘First of all there were restrictions on testa activities… ’

…I should never let this bastard know. I would fucking love it.

“Do you want Kong to have a snack?”

“king!”

I silently closed my mouth as I watched the man expertly handling his dog.

In the end there is only one way to come back.

‘Seon Ah-hyun’s characteristics need to be activated again.’

Guts.

The surest way is to activate it again and cancel out the status abnormality.

But… even if I think about it again I don’t think my words will make sense.

‘…I wonder if they’ll even want to talk.’

I don’t know they may have even listed recommended hospitals.

‘stop’

I cut off any thoughts that were going in a useless direction.

In a productive direction.

‘So someone else should do it not me.’

This means that the members should perform similar tasks that I did in Azusa.

“…”

Mobilizing helpers.

I got up and came up with a few ideas.

No I tried to get up.

“Kkiing.”

Even if the dog didn’t catch the person.

Cheongryeo’s eyes narrowed.

“Kong is feeling sad. “It’s okay to stay a while since I’m here.”

At the dorm?

“What about your members?”

I heard that you’re going to release an album before enlisting but why can’t I even see you pulling out your nose?

“Personal schedule. Or because it’s vacation.”

I see.

It’s not for nothing that dogs catch people.

I looked around again.

Well I don’t want to observe in detail where other people live but… there were some things that caught my eye.

Photo frames and souvenirs that I received at the beginning of my debut are still placed in the living room.

“…”

For a moment I thought I took a picture of that and sold it… That’s it. no way.

I turned my eyes to look at the guy and the dog across the road.

And impulsively I asked.

“Are you not planning on talking to the members right now?”

“yes.”

There is no sign of concern.

“I’m curious as to why you said that junior. “There’s no need to tell you right?”

“…”

That’s my question too.

The thing is I don’t know why I said that…

“I don’t know. “I just… wanted to talk.”

“…”

Whether you laugh at it or not I answered with half-giving up.

However Cheongryeo simply replied like this while stroking the dog’s head.

“That could be true.”

“…!”

“Because it would be frustrating.”

Surprisingly a faint understanding emerges from his tone of voice.

“Aren’t you frustrated?”

“Not really. Um… no it seems like it was like that before but people get used to it.”

Cheongryeo takes his hand away from the dog and laughs softly.

“They say they are animals of adaptation right? “Your junior you will be fine soon.”

“……”

My brain thinks it’s bullshit. Strange… It’s funny how it provides emotional comfort.

I finally answered with a sigh.

“…thanks.”

“is it so.”

That guy is also holding my dog so I should take advantage of this opportunity and quickly get up.

I poured the cooled tea into my mouth and got up.

‘I didn’t even suspect that something was burning.’

I guess I’m not in my right mind yet.

When I shook my head and left the table.

Band-ring.

The doorbell rings.

I looked at the intercom without thinking. I was thinking that if I was from this company I would have to hide.

However the tall guy wearing a light mask seen on camera is…

This is Sun Ah-hyeon.

”…!!”

I reflexively took a step back. Why… are you here?

‘The thing that came to me… ’

Probably not. How could anyone know that I am here?

And there is no reason for you to come here yourself.

‘I haven’t received any contact from the company or members.’

I didn’t set it to silent and it never vibrated…

“…”

for a moment.

After checking my pockets which were somehow light I raised my eyes and looked at the intercom screen again.

One of the two smartphones in Sun Ah-hyun’s hand.

‘That apple case.’

It’s my smartphone.

“ah.”

And I figured out the situation. Now I… left that mess last night and crawled out in the early morning without any contact…

“We have a visitor since morning.”

…about 3 hours have passed.

Holy shit.
