---
title: "Chapter 354"
category: "book"
index: 353
section: "Chapter 354"
slug: "354"
---

# Chapter 354

A member who went out early in the morning without a smartphone during his active days and was out of contact for several hours.

What if the schedule was interrupted for three days just before that because of that bastard?

‘It turned.’

This is inexcusable insanity. I gritted my teeth.

‘Cha Yu-jin even left a note.’

Even if you didn’t see it there would have been an emergency at the dorm.

In extreme cases the story may have even reached the company…

‘…Damn it.’

I can’t believe I’m a fucking bomb.

I can already guess what kind of expression Sun Ah-hyun will have.

I gritted my teeth and looked at the intercom again.

Tiring.

Even Seon Ah-hyun is standing right in front of this front door not in front of the main door on the first floor. I don’t even know how this is possible.

So it’s even more confusing…

“You are a junior member. “Would you like me to open the door?”

“…for a moment.”

I looked at the front door and took a slow deep breath.

“I want to open it.”

“hmm? is it so.”

I left the guy who openly said ‘Why?’ with his expression and headed towards the entrance.

And then pulled the door open.

The guy on the intercom screen begins to appear through the gap in the door.

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face seen from the front is pale even though she is wearing a mask. However the moment the door opens the complexion changes.

…I was relieved.

Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head.

“You were here…”

I’m going crazy.

I barely opened my mouth.

“I didn’t know I left my smartphone behind. sorry. “From the morning.”

“…! Oh no. I…”

Sun Ah-hyun takes a deep breath and speaks without raising her head.

“Sorry…”

“…”

Looking at it it looks like I’ve been running around since dawn so what’s the point of being sorry?

“Because you made such a fuss… Mumundae may need some alone time… but I don’t know…”

“no.”

I want to stop hearing these damn apologies.

I suppressed those unreasonable sentiments and tried to answer as calmly as possible.

And it was ruined.

“It’s the person’s fault for disappearing without contact so let’s stop.”

“…”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun immediately closed her mouth. I wanted to bite my tongue.

‘You stupid bastard.’

Why do you answer like this? Are you taking medicine instead of saliva?

The silence felt like X.

At that moment an unimpressed voice intervened.

“I think Kong will mistake it for a walk so I hope you do at least one thing whether you come in or go out.”

king!

The sound of a dog barking echoes through the hallway. Sun Ah-hyun suddenly raised her head.

“…! I’m sorry. “Then… it’s a radish bite.”

No eye contact. Something similar to a smile appears on the man’s face which is covered with a mask.

“If you’re feeling better… please relax and come in… here.”

“…”

And the smartphone is carefully brought out in front of my hand. As if telling me to take it.

“Whew I think my phone needs some blood…”

I looked at the distorted apple pattern and clenched my fist.

And I accepted the smartphone.

“…I was just about to go back now.”

“…”

“I’m going out.”

“Uh huh…!”

I took my smartphone and headed out the door. Sun Ah-hyun hurriedly moves her feet to press the elevator button.

“Wow!”

And the dog ran out excitedly with the harness in its mouth… Why are you there?

“Kongi already misunderstood. “Thanks to my junior the walk ended up being short.”

“…”

“Kong wait a minute. “Let’s do this.”

I barely opened my mouth.

“sorry.”

“is it so.”

No I said it to your dog.

The elevator with three men in it with only one harness attached goes down in silence.

I opened my mouth first.

“How did you know I was here?”

Sun Ah-hyun shrinks slightly.

“C I checked the CCTV.”

“…!”

CCTV?

An unexpected and extreme measure emerged.

Normally this would require reporting to the police or going to the company… But that doesn’t mean Sun Ah-hyun didn’t say anything else.

‘no way?’

“Because it was urgent I earnestly asked you to do so… so you wrote a consent form and showed it to me…”

The subject is not plural.

Did this guy go all the way to the management office alone and ask for something like that?

I checked his feet. The shoes are crinkled and crinkled on my bare feet.

“…”

It’s not a very happy situation.

Nevertheless… I have a strange feeling about it even though I don’t like it.

‘But it looks like it’s not completely over.’

The level of tension that had risen to the very tip of my head lowers.

I answered quietly.

“So I found out that I was following this senior.”

“…Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun nods her head eagerly.

When you feel like the atmosphere has become a little softer.

“That’s strange… Did I ever mention a lake?”

“…!”

“No matter what I don’t think they would have even shown the inside of the building where they don’t live… That’s not possible. “Isn’t that right?”

The parties hit the nail on the head.

But Sun Ah-hyeon was not surprised.

“Yes yes… I heard about that after asking my senior at VTIC over the phone…”

“…”

“who?”

“This is senior Chae Chae-yul. Thank you for letting me know right away…”

“ah.”

I witnessed another disaster that could befall a guy about to join the military.

‘That’s too bad.’

Basically bad things come all at once. endure.

After that conversation Cheongnyeo split up on the first floor.

No matter how he feels he knows how to take care of his dog so he will walk the dog like this.

Still I did leave a word.

“Well I understand why you were worried. “That’s the type of person who has a lot of ups and downs.”

“…!”

“haha. It was an activity issue. “Then it’s definitely worth thinking about.”

‘This bastard… ’

The risk of Sun Ah-hyun’s stats declining was immediately recognized.

‘…It’s not like it got that trait for nothing.’

I once again recognized the characteristics of Cheongnyeo.

[Emotion (A)]

\: There was little of value and there was a lot of trash.

-Human resources judgment +150%

‘…I’ll have to be careful.’

Meanwhile looking at the guy whose appearance stat had risen it looked like he was going to be doing more harm than good in the future.

Cheongryeo lowered her voice and stopped talking at that point.

“I wouldn’t change my advice.”

“yes.”

Something like that.

“Welcome in.”

I pressed my face and eventually answered.

“…I enjoyed my tea.”

“haha.”

Cheongryeo walked to the other side with the dog.

And silence came again.

Sun Ah-hyeon didn’t ask why I followed Cheongryeo and she didn’t even ask why I went outside at that early in the morning.

We closed our mouths and walked quietly along the other side of the walkway.

And surprisingly Sun Ah-hyun spoke first about another topic.

“…I found that Mumundae… is it okay if I contact you?”

“…If you go into the dorm right now won’t everyone be there?”

How many people went to the police station?

For a moment the future almost turned dark but fortunately no reports were reported.

“Oh there’s probably one… I’m just in case I come out alone…”

“…”

This guy seems to have acted alone without paying attention to his surroundings. And now it seems like she has come to her senses and Seon Ah-hyun lowers her head probably embarrassed even for herself.

I hesitated and opened my mouth.

“thanks. “For your concern.”

“…! Oh no…”

Seon Ah-hyeon suddenly stopped walking.

Seeing that it’s making a clogged sound… no way it’s Una.

“Seon Ah-hyeon.”

But he didn’t cry.

Instead he continued speaking in a trembling voice.

“It’s radish. “This might be boring but… can I just say one thing?”

“…”

I nodded silently.

The words follow immediately as if they had been thought over and prepared several times.

“You… are a really great person and your art activities… you are really good at everything you do. Always… it’s never been that way. “I really…”

ah.

I remembered what he shouted yesterday.

-Now is not the time for you to be active… It’s getting worse…

He was crushing every negative connotation that could have been implied in that word.

“I… I said something wrong so… I was always good at Mundae…”

I stopped walking on the street in front of the accommodation with no one around.

I listened to him blankly. Sun Ah-hyun’s words were not finished.

“The problem is me.”

“…!”

“I know… I get swayed and have ups and downs on my own. “Every time… it was like that.”

what.

As if she had overheard Cheongnyeo’s words Seon Ah-hyeon slowly pronounced the sentence.

It was brutally objective.

“Because… I did that before too.”

He looked down at his feet as if he had already felt a similar sensation.

“Right now… I might be more awkward than usual… and that would be a nuisance to the team…”

Sun Ah-hyun finished her sentence in a calm tone typical of someone who has already reached a conclusion.

“Then… I can just announce that I’m sick.”

“Because it’s my own problem. “There’s no need to talk about anything else.”

Sun Ah-hyeon swallowed her saliva.

“And I will practice as much as I missed the schedule. W I will practice hard.”

The voice became increasingly desperate.

“Then to some extent it will be okay to play on stage. There will be no problem with the T-Team… Even if Mumundae doesn’t solve my problem… it’s okay.”

“…”

“Now honey this is what someone who needs to go to the hospital said so don’t pay attention to what you heard yesterday. Forget this…”

“that.”

Don’t say that.

However without even having time to say that Seon Ah-hyun hurriedly continued speaking.

“But it’s Mumundae. “It may feel bad but… just once.”

A trembling voice came out.

“Can’t I get some counseling?”

I turned my head.

Sun Ah-hyun trembled.

“I’m sorry. Let’s talk about this again…”

“…”

“And all. Next time I will definitely listen to the story properly… I will listen carefully to everything they say…”

Even though Sun Ah-hyun’s shoulders were shaking she never cried or screamed.

She only stammered but in fact a conclusion had already been reached within Sun Ah-hyeon.

-All conflicts are my fault and I take care of them myself.

Therefore Park Moon-dae requests that he re-examine his condition just once and look back with peace of mind.

“…”

I chose to say something a few times and then canceled it.

The calculations were a mess.

But I knew what conclusion I wanted to reach.

“You’re ready to listen to whatever I have to say.”

Sun Ah-hyun nods her head quickly.

And then he speaks again in a depressed voice.

“I asked you to tell me…”

“No that’s my fault.”

I continued speaking without hesitation.

Your conclusion is your conclusion and I have mine.

“It wasn’t a story anyone could believe. “When I thought about it again it seemed like a completely crazy story.”

“Mumundaeya…”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be holding back her tears.

I nodded seriously. My thoughts were naturally organized.

okay.

That was the source of my mistake.

“I should have said it properly so I had no choice but to believe it.”

“…Hmm?”

Let’s think about it.

Sun Ah-hyun is not the type of person who can intuitively come up with sparks or make leaps in logic.

This is a guy who sifts through a sieve to remove all impurities and contradictions and then leaves behind the correct answer that best suits the conditions and convinces.

‘We achieved success by doing that in this album as well.’

I know everything.

Then you should have explained it accordingly from the beginning.

Now it becomes clear.

‘This… is not a matter of trust or intimacy.’

It was a matter of timing.

And normally I would have taken all of those things into consideration and controlled the game but the problem was that I misunderstood that this guy believed me right away and lost control.

“I said I would listen. okay. “I’ll explain it again so listen.”

“…!! “That…”

This time it will be filled with witnesses and proof cases so that there are no gaps.

Then whether it is porridge or rice you will reach a conclusion without regret.
