---
title: "Chapter 355"
category: "book"
index: 354
section: "Chapter 355"
slug: "355"
---

# Chapter 355

“Park Moon-dae!”

“you…”

“Are you okay?”

As soon as Seon Ah-hyun and I entered the dorm we received a warm welcome from our housemates.

It’s right to yell ‘Are you crazy?’ but you’re worried that this guy may have gone crazy so you approach him cautiously.

I hit the player and hit him in the head.

“sorry. “I went out to think about it but I didn’t realize I left my phone behind.”

“ah…”

“Yes that’s right.”

My face looked pretty good and for a moment I felt a sense of relief.

Cha Yu-jin who was drinking cola answered cheerfully.

“OK~ I’ll tell you next time!”

“What is Okay! “Everyone was worried because you suddenly disappeared!”

Thank you for taking it to UGG.

Bae Se-jin looked back at Sun Ah-hyun with a red face.

“you also! “You should have told me what you were thinking… Sun Ah-hyun?”

“…”

“excuse me…”

“yes yes! I’m sorry. “I’m sorry for moving so carelessly without saying anything.”

“Oh yeah. “He… went through a hard time.”

Sun Ah-hyun came into the living room of the dorm with a mesmerized expression. And sat down on the sofa.

It seems like a big shock.

I said ‘I will inform you properly.’

Let’s see this guy’s reaction again right after he did it.

-That’s… that radish radish.

-He said he would listen to anything.

-… That’s right.

The words were positive but the face said ‘This isn’t right.’

Of course that’s why I gave him carrots.

-And no matter what the conclusion is this time I will definitely go get counseling.

-…!

-It’s okay to record this.

-Oh no…! Ugh thank you… Thank you Mundae…!

The guy who was shouting desperately was in a state of complete confusion when he arrived at the accommodation wondering if he had any worries or expectations. This is it.

I massaged my neck.

‘It won’t last long.’

I have to do it right now because I have time because I took off my schedule.

There can be no further damage to those involved.

‘If you take out three days of the activity period how much profit do you give up?’

In terms of settlement profits it was an amount that was already noticeable.

Moreover a battle of speed is essential to silence those who are raising rumors and talking about our condition.

‘hmm.’

At that moment someone who needs it speaks to me.

“Did you two have a good conversation?”

I looked at Liu Chengwu and nodded.

“yes. “I’m sorry you must have been surprised.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“okay. “That is correct.”

“The alarm went off in the morning but the phone owner was not there. ‘Everyone must have been three or four times more surprised than when Eugene disappeared.’

“yes.”

This is so embarrassing.

I was silent for a moment remembering the things I said when Cha Yu-jin disappeared. Liu Chengwu pats his back.

“great job.”

“yes.”

They give me a bottle and give me medicine. I endured it thinking about the karma I had created.

‘And the next one… ’

Big Sejin.

The guy was holding a smartphone next to Liu Chengwu and writing something.

He didn’t say anything when I came in earlier and he still doesn’t raise his head.

“…What are you doing?”

The guy muttered as he put down his phone.

“…um upload.”

ah.

I checked social media. A new post has been posted on the Testa account.

———————==

ㅠㅠI have a cold in this weather… I’m really sorry. We’ll get better quickly and come find you. Don’t worry Lover we’re taking the medicine and feeling better!

———————==

It was a quick response.

“…thanks.”

“what.”

Only then did he grin and hit my shoulder.

“Are you feeling okay?”

“okay.”

Actually what I wanted to ask wasn’t that but what happened with Sun Ah-hyun and what I did when I went out at dawn.

‘But it’s shameless to ask.’

Isn’t this the Joseon Dynasty royal court? There are so many people saying it’s their fault.

‘I’m glad I asked you to lend a hand instead.’

I held back a sigh and got to the point.

“But… I need your help.”

“uh?”

“Brother Cheongwoo too.”

“hmm? me?”

“yes.”

Should we start by pushing ahead with the quantity?

* * *

Sun Ah-hyun took a deep breath.

The roommate shouted ‘I hope you have a good night’s rest!’ and went to Bae Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin’s room with their electronic devices.

However Sun Ah-hyun’s head could not rest. I kept repeating my decision over and over again in my head.

‘You’re reacting properly this time.’

okay. Maybe this was an opportunity. A chance to alleviate the shock that Moon Dae would have suffered from his wrong reaction.

“Phew.”

‘First of all I’d like to say thank you very much for talking to me seriously… ’

After checking her reaction in her head a few times Seon Ah-hyeon planned to go to Moon-dae Park’s room at the appointed time to talk to him.

But I couldn’t.

dripping.

“I’m going in.”

“…!”

Park Moon-dae came to see us even before the appointed time.

And then we got straight to the point.

“I came a little early because I had something to set up. “Ravin please use the computer for a moment.”

computer?

“Let’s get started. “Raebin Kim asked me to tell you this.”

“Uh huh”

“Listen while you drink.”

Park Mun-dae who opened the door and came in held out the tea he was holding and placed a notebook and pen down in front of him.

‘Note…?’

And they began delivering information without stopping.

“I’d like to start with witnesses first.”

“…Zwitness…?”

Park Moon-dae paused for a moment and spoke in a slightly strained voice.

“…I didn’t tell you before because I was afraid it would confuse you even more but actually I’m not the only one who has returned to the past.”

“…??”

It was an unimaginable statement.

Sun Ah-hyun froze holding the tea in her hands.

However Park Moon-dae immediately began to bring out the people he had recruited.

“I’d like to start with witnesses first.”

“…Zwitness…?”

Park Moon-dae paused for a moment and spoke in a slightly strained voice.

“…I didn’t tell you before because I was afraid it would confuse you even more but actually I’m not the only one who has returned to the past.”

“…??”

It was an unimaginable statement.

Sun Ah-hyun froze holding the tea in her hands.

However Park Moon-dae immediately began to bring out the people he had recruited.

It almost happened.

[hmm.]

Cheongnyeo of VTIC. The senior colleague I had just met was smiling openly and insincerely.

[Wouldn’t it have been easier if we had done it when we met earlier?]

“yes. “Things have changed.”

[That’s so fast.]

After that Cheongryeo had a brief argument-like conversation with Park Moon-dae not sure if he was being sarcastic or laughing but he soon admitted it.

[that’s right. I am the person who knew the future before Mr. Moon Dae… Mr. Moon Dae so Mr. Geon-woo is next.]

“…”

Is this really reality?

[My junior is actually older than me so he speaks informally to me. Didn’t you hear it earlier?]

It’s just… I thought it was something that popped up every now and then because we became so close to each other. And I was just a little jealous.

[It’s fun to use polite language even though you say you’re not recording.]

“It’s noisy.”

[haha!]

Cheongryeo concluded the appropriate assurance with a casual expression.

[I have a lot to pay back junior.]

“Go in.”

[Oh my. I can’t deny it.]

And then Cheongnyeo disappeared from the screen.

“after”

Park Moon-dae took a deep breath as if he was suppressing his irritation.

“He’s an annoying guy but anyway… that’s why I watch him sometimes.”

“…”

And while he returned to operating the computer with a stern expression he added with a slightly proud tone.

“There is no manipulation. “It’s not my computer it’s someone else’s computer and you’ve probably seen that they don’t touch the storage media.”

“…”

“If you want you can go see it again in person now. Hmm I guess so.”

“Oh no.”

Sun Ah-hyeon responded reflexively.

But my mind was full of exclamation marks and question marks.

“Then let’s move on. This time there will be someone who is going through this strange situation after me.”

“Ugh…”

“Oh if you have any questions feel free to write them down in your notebook. “Because it doesn’t matter.”

“…”

So… you brought it with you?

Sun Ah-hyun reflexively grabbed the notebook but her limbs were creaking as if they were broken.

And when another familiar face appeared on the screen I screamed inside.

[Wow bro it’s been a really long time! How have you been?]

Heeseung Kwon.

It was the face of a junior who Park Moon-dae secretly referred to as ‘Gold 2’.

[This time I’m talking to Ahyeon… Hello brother.]

“Oh hi.”

Sun Ah-hyun pinched her thigh for a moment but it only hurt.

Kwon Hee-seung on the screen excitedly told about his experience – I saved a person fell in the Han River and came back to the past! – and even grumbled at Park Moon-dae.

[Hyung aren’t you collecting friends too much?? Are we a bit of a secret organization? Wasn’t it like that?]

“If it’s unfair you can say it too.”

[Well… our group isn’t in a position to do that yet…]

Kwon Hee-seung bitterly said things like ‘I tried to secretly tell my parents but they slapped me on the back to make me come to my senses’ and ended the call with a sigh.

For your information Sun Ah-hyun could not write a single word in her notebook.

“Well that guy is the one who returned to the past after me.”

“…”

“Actually the return on stocks I bought from the time that guy came back is about 15 times. “They say they’ll even show you a proof shot if you want.”

“…that.”

“For your information I am the only one whose body changed in this case. “There’s a reason for this.”

‘I heard you were being asked a question…!’

On rare occasions Seon Ah-hyeon internally refuted Park Moon-dae but Park Moon-dae ran like a runaway locomotive.

“So I called the person involved again.”

for a moment.

also?

Sun Ah-hyeon mentally gasped.

And I asked myself.

Is it possible to justify one’s mental world by involving so many stakeholders on such a vast scale?

That’s impossible…

‘No no.’

Someone as smart and great as Park Moon-dae could probably do it.

‘If I just believe what I’m comfortable with Mundae… ’

for a moment.

“…uh?”

Sun Ah-hyun noticed a contradiction.

‘Even if I believe it… I said I would get counseling anyway.’

Then… isn’t that okay?

‘No matter what I think.’

No matter what Sun Ah-hyun thinks if Park Moon-dae can meet an expert when he needs help.

‘I see… I see.’

Sun Ah-hyeon took a deep breath as she felt the stuff in her throat slowly subsiding.

The fear of making the wrong choice melted away.

The fixed conclusion played its role according to Park Moon-dae’s strategy.

Moreover all of this was somehow… something… not in the direction that Sun Ah-hyun had predicted and prepared for.

‘That… a more in-depth conversation.’

I knew how to do it but it felt like I was collecting data while working at a pure composition camp!

“…”

The funny thing is that even in the midst of embarrassment and confusion Seon Ah-hyun’s reason began to exercise judgment.

This is the presentation of evidence as naturally as flowing water.

This was work not consultation.

[Hello Ahyeon…!]

“Now Ryu Geon-woo who was originally Park Moon-dae has now switched bodies with me.”

“…”

“For your information Cheongwoo was my cousin on my father’s side.”

But what happened next… was a supernatural proof that even Sun Ah-hyun could not have imagined.

After arranging a light greeting Park Moon-dae suddenly asked Seon A-hyeon a sharp question.

“I think what bothered you the most was that I was seeing holograms.”

“…”

“It’s a hallucination. “It’s the most serious.”

Park Moon-dae chuckled as he saw Sun Ah-hyeon’s face darken.

“Then before we go into detail let’s first prove that this isn’t a hallucination.”

“…”

“I have a question written in my notebook.”

“Uh huh.”

“Show me. But before that…”

Park Mun-dae stood up and turned the monitor back.

“If you do this ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ on the screen won’t be able to see your notes. yes?”

“That’s right…”

“no. for a moment.”

Park Moon-dae turned off the monitor completely.

“…!”

“If this happens only the speaker will survive. I can’t use tricks. “It’s not even my computer in the first place.”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun couldn’t even guess what Park Moon-dae was doing.

But Park Moon-dae did not stop.

“Now show me your notes.”

“…huh.”

Instead of resisting Seon Ah-hyeon quietly turned the note around with trembling hands and showed it to Park Moon-dae.

It was elegant cursive.

-Why did Moon Dae switch bodies with Ryu Geon-woo?

This was a question that Park Moon-dae would soon explain.

To be exact… Park Moon-dae easily guessed that it would have been closer to ‘Why on earth do you think it has changed?’

It wasn’t a big month.

[I received a lot of help from Geonwoo… I wished him happiness but it turned out badly!]

“…!!”

Sun Ah-hyun couldn’t believe her ears.

Monitor turned off.

Speaker next to it.

[Of course I think the result is okay. It’s really cool to see your brother promoting as an idol…]

A gentle male voice was flowing softly.

[By the way the subject here is brother right? Is it me? Anyway the answer doesn’t change much…]

“…”

It was the answer to the question written in the note.

Snap.

The note fell to the floor.

Sun Ah-hyeon looked down at her notes with a feeling that her blood was cooling… then raised her head to Moon Dae.

Park Moon-dae nodded naturally.

“It’s connected through a hologram window.”

I got goosebumps.

“Just write something and show it to me. “I’ll convey it through this.”

Sun Ah-hyun gritted her teeth and picked up the note.

And I wrote down any thoughts. It’s something you can never guess.

foreign language.

-pas de deux

And a sound rings out.

[I’m sorry… I don’t know what it means. Pas de des?]

“…”

[Ah ah~ It’s a ballet term. I see. Because Ahyeon originally did ballet!]

This… this?

Sun Ah-hyun grabbed the table. My eyes began to spin.

Common sense… was being destroyed.

This was his room. I knew that there was no device and Park Moon-dae did not have any time to install anything separately.

Even Park Moon-dae is talking about the player.

Park Mun-dae wearing white short sleeves and pocketless pajama pants lightly jumped from his seat.

“It’s impossible to hide a small camera in my clothes right now… But I’ll borrow your camera detector first.”

“…”

Then on her own she lifted the camera detector placed on the corner of Sun Ah-hyeon’s desk and rotated it around her body and the table.

Of course there was no reaction.

‘ah.’

Sun Ah-hyeon blinked.

‘Then then… ’

But before I could draw a logical conclusion from that thought.

“But then again trust is lost.”

“…??”

Sun Ah-hyeon raised her head.

Park Moon-dae was nodding his head seriously.

“Now let’s get someone else involved and try it. Chungwoo and Lee Sejin are calling me now.”

“…”

“Besides that if you have any doubts let me know right away.”

Park Moon-dae laughed.

“Because I have a lot of time until tomorrow.”

The beginning stage of a plan to thoroughly demonstrate empirical evidence before unraveling the story.

Park Moon-dae’s proof continued until the sun set.
