---
title: "Chapter 356"
category: "book"
index: 355
section: "Chapter 356"
slug: "356"
---

# Chapter 356

“They… don’t even eat?”

“I am hungry. “We have to eat chicken.”

It’s already been over an hour and a half since Park Moon-dae and Sun Ah-hyeon locked themselves in their room.

Bae Se-jin who was sitting on the bed and willingly giving up his desk to Kim Rae-bin who was playing the keyboard thought anxiously.

‘No without pretending to be popular… I wonder if he even drinks.’

Bae Se-jin checked the refrigerator just in case but there was no trace of alcohol. I knew it was a guess since no one had ever bought it in the first place.

‘I didn’t think mediation was essential.’

Sun Ah-hyun came in the morning and looked a little dazed but the atmosphere seemed less serious.

Bae Se-jin slightly got lucky.

“You must be having a good conversation.”

A sharp answer came back.

“That’s right. “I have no idea why you borrowed my laptop but I hope it helps you two have a deeper conversation!”

“…Hmm okay.”

Bae Se-jin decided to put aside his doubts. This was because I felt a bit embarrassed because I felt like I was the only one in this dorm who was worried so much.

‘Still I wish someone would check.’

Should I text him and ask him to at least bring a meal?

However not long after Bae Se-jin thought so hard Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin were called by Park Moon-dae who only showed his face and entered the room for a moment.

‘You’re the same age as your roommate.’

It was a selection that made sense as to why it was called.

Bae Se-jin almost felt a little disappointed as the oldest but soon remembered her speaking skills and was convinced.

No I was relieved.

‘I’m glad it wasn’t me who called… ’

And like a lie that thought became reality.

The two who were summoned came out two hours later looking sick.

Se-jin Lee even waved his hand without saying a word and disappeared into the kitchen to drink water.

‘…?’

Bae Se-jin was embarrassed.

“what’s the matter?”

“hmm.”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly and shook his head.

“I heard that Mundae is really unusual.”

“…uh?”

“They persuaded me logically.”

It’s not even a discussion so why does that come up here?

Bae Se-jin asked back without realizing it.

“what?”

“Well why do I have to make up with myself?”

“…??”

Reconciliation is achieved through logical persuasion.

Is something like that… possible?

However Liu Chengwu added a word with a weak smile.

“You did a good job.”

“…??”

That kind of thing… works?

Bae Se-jin became even more confused.

But it was true that something similar was happening in the room.

* * *

‘good.’

I nodded.

The two guys who entered the room put all the various forms of proof to good use.

I guess what Geoldal and I just said in writing. Answer the questions the three of us came up with in random order. Each of us drew a picture changed it randomly and then described what Sun Ah-hyun was holding…

As the number of people increases the process becomes more astronomically complex and the number of loopholes to suspect deception decreases.

It was the last time that Sun Ah-hyun had to come up with a method herself.

‘There is no such thing as a legend.’

All proofs went smoothly. Thanks to Keoldal’s annual leave there was no problem.

Ryu Cheng-wu looked at me somewhat meaningfully.

-You could do something like this.

“…”

It was like looking at twins who communicated telepathically.

Should I have just called Keun Sejin?

Anyway both guys performed diligently. In particular as soon as Seon Ah-hyeon’s defenses were lowered Se-jin was very good at hitting on the contradictions I had felt before.

-I heard that the curriculum of the College of Arts and Sciences is different from ours. Did you hear him say something other than Gook Soo not Gook Soo? I thought I heard wrong?

-He can drive too. Last time I was scolded by my manager without realizing it. Ahyeon have you never seen Park Moon-dae study related to licensing?

I wanted to block the spout a few times but the effect of improving the situation was so effective that I skipped over it.

And as time passed Sun Ah-hyun became more and more proactive in coming up with testing methods.

By that time I felt a bit nervous and exhausted.

-Then… I will ask any question and that person will answer.

-okay.

And now after countless resets and repetitions.

“…”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyeon is looking into space with a blank face. It looks like he has completely abandoned his obsession with notes.

‘I was holding on to it like a rope and finally let go.’

Questions and keywords are scattered across the note.

-magic

-Without electronic devices…

-someone else

Of course everything is crossed out.

This is because until now we have been burying Sun Ah-hyun’s questions and doubts and crushing them one by one.

At this point even this guy has no choice but to admit it.

That I am not just a crazy person but at least I am a person with some substance.

“Do you have any other questions?”

“…”

The place was quiet when the two guys invited as guests left. After cleaning up Kim Rae-bin’s computer I sat down across from Sun A-hyeon.

The sound of Sun Ah-hyun swallowing her saliva was heard.

And then I raise my head.

“…Oh no.”

Confidence returns to the eyes of the guy who answers.

“doesn’t exist.”

A firm answer as if everything had been brushed aside without any problems.

‘yes.’

It was worth squeezing in as much as I could for four hours.

I almost rested my fist then unclenched it.

“…okay.”

It’s not over yet. Now I’m like ‘Then you believe it?’ If you scold them the whole board will break.

‘If it ends like this I’m sure I’ll have some unpleasant thoughts later.’

I say that first.

“Of course just because something crazy like this is possible doesn’t mean what I said is true.”

“…! “That is.”

Power and truth are not the same thing. Just because some crazy person does magic tricks doesn’t mean that everything he says is true.

‘That’s a complete scam.’

So I must say this.

Just blocking the source.

“But there is no benefit to me if I lie about this.”

“…”

“You know to put it bluntly there aren’t many worldly values that we need more from our perspective right now.”

Money fame and social status.

We are currently standing at the peak of this profession with a short average lifespan but there is no reason to obsess about the things above right now in case a decline occurs in a few years.

Because I already have it.

Looking at it objectively the idol ‘Park Moon-dae’ has both his desire for material goods and his desire for recognition satisfied.

“There’s no reason for me to say crazy things with this ability.”

And surprisingly Sun Ah-hyun responded immediately.

“I never thought about that.”

“…!”

“Mumundae… I never thought you were lying.”

“…okay.”

I never thought I would hear this.

But it’s not a bad feeling.

-That’s right. Of course I know that Moon Dae is not the kind of person who would lie about something like this.

‘At that time… were you sincere in what you said?’

The short reminiscence is over.

…Thanks to you I can move on to the next part without delay.

After a brief pause I continued speaking.

“Then let’s look at the hypothesis that I mistaken myself for someone else.”

Why is this not valid?

Why is ‘Park Moon-dae’ mistaken for ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ to be himself an awkward proposition?

‘If you want to prove that… ’

I smiled bitterly.

“‘Ryu Geon-woo’…Now you know that but he didn’t live a life that ‘Park Moon-dae’ would envy.”

“…!”

Both of them were orphans and lived busy lives trying to make a living.

You can feel the same thing but if you want to change your mind… wouldn’t it be possible if you were jealous or had something better than yourself?

“If Park Moon-dae had turned his head and thought he was someone else it wouldn’t have been him.”

It would be better if it was Ryu Cheong-woo. Ryu Geon-woo is unqualified.

“So honestly that hypothesis doesn’t make sense either.”

And contrary to that hypothesis I have spent hours and hours of proof to back up my claim.

Sun Ah-hyun looked at me with trembling eyes.

I released my hands.

“This is all I have prepared.”

“…”

“I think I did everything I could. “Honestly there is no way for me to prove anything more at this point.”

I spoke honestly.

I am fully qualified to say this after talking about it for such a long time without leaving a single gap.

“I mobilized everyone I could and did everything I could say.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded slowly.

You can immediately say ‘That’s right Mundae. Okay now I believe in it too.

I chuckled.

“So… I’m not going to ask what you think.”

“Huh?”

Isn’t this guy’s personality obvious? What would happen if they admitted that I was fine when I was telling them to go to the hospital?

‘I’m going to blame myself until I break my head again.’

There is no need to leave it at that. So… let’s ease it.

“You can’t get through everything just once. Take your time and be skeptical as much as you want. continue.”

“Keep going…?”

“okay. If you have any doubts in the future you can ask me anything and I will continue to answer.”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth.

This guy isn’t the type of person to make a fuss with malicious intent so it’s okay to draw a line like this.

No it’s been done this far but I doubt there will be anyone who doesn’t believe it but honestly isn’t it normal to believe it at this point?

Still I’m thinking of giving it a full charge once.

‘It says OK here.’

I looked at him with almost certainty.

“Thank you… Mundae.”

However Sun Ah-hyun reluctantly did not nod her head.

“But it’s okay even if you don’t do that.”

“…!”

“I… have shown myself to be unreliable on many occasions.”

Sun Ah-hyun clenched her hands tightly.

“But after talking so long and hard about it it’s not to the point where I can’t admit it to myself… no. And if you have any doubts…”

Sun Ah-hyun took a deep breath.

“Make sure to think about it first… think about it carefully organize it and even if you find out look at it… but only when it doesn’t go away. “I’ll ask.”

“…”

“I really… believe it. “It’s radish.”

Me indeed.

“okay.”

I held out my hand to Sun Ah-hyun. Sun Ah-hyun held out her hand and took it. It wasn’t so cold this time.

“Please continue to take good care of me in the future.”

“huh.”

It was my first handshake in a few days.

* * *

Finally Park Moon-dae and Sun Ah-hyeon came out to the living room.

And all of the testers who saw the atmosphere between the two realized that the conflict had been successfully resolved.

“good job. “Whoever wins gets to eat chicken!”

“Cha Yujin! “You have a habit of speaking…”

“okay. Instead you buy it.”

“…! “If Moon Dae says so…”

“No not you.”

A few times the usual playful stories pass by.

And that was the night when the leader called the company with a smile about the schedule.

“Ahyeon~”

“Ugh.”

When Seon Ah-hyeon who was standing on the veranda turned her head Lee Se-jin stood next to her with a grin.

“Why are you here alone and not eating chicken?”

“It’s okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled faintly.

“I guess Ahyeon has a lot on her mind.”

Sejin Lee bumped his shoulder and laughed. The atmosphere softened.

However Sun Ah-hyun did not wave her hand or lose her temper.

“…Ugh. little.”

I just answered plainly. However Lee Se-jin hit the nail on the head.

“Um… do you care that you think you could have done a little better?”

“…!”

That’s right.

After the conflict was resolved Sun Ah-hyun finally looked back on the incident without any problems and made an objective judgment.

‘…I wasn’t thinking rationally.’

The moment I first heard Park Moon-dae’s story I was terrified and became immersed in it.

So step by step without even asking Lee Se-jin or Ryu Cheong-woo who already knew about the situation my anxiety grew like crazy.

This conflict was a product of his own weakness.

I wanted to tell you this fact right away.

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth.

“Ugh a little bit. I guess so. “We all have to do better next time.”

However what came out of his mouth was only a light admission.

“Okay Sejin I’ll do the same~”

“Fighting fighting.”

Seon Ah-hyun pondered over and over the conclusion and decided not to repeat admissions and apologies to those around her.

‘That’s because I want to feel at ease.’

Even if he tries it will only make Park Moon-dae more burdensome and cause pain to the team.

As Sun Ah-hyeon went through all of this she felt one thing keenly.

‘If you want me to share your burden you have to carry mine properly first.’

You can share the burden only if the other person appears to have some spare time.

Instead of trying to show off your qualifications it was better to actually become that kind of person.

‘I have to handle my share on my own.’

However Seon Ah-hyun will leave the fact that she did not trust Park Moon-dae as an object of self-reproach and self-reflection.

Sun Ah-hyun decided to do that without relying on anyone’s judgment.

self.

So he ended his speech like this in a surprisingly light tone.

“Umm let’s go eat some chicken.”

“Oh that’s good.”

The two who were standing on the veranda left and returned to the living room. It was a strange return.

However inside him he had made an unusual decision.

And the next morning.

“Oh hi. “It’s a door.”

“okay…”

Park Mun-dae who comes out the door and meets Sun Ah-hyeon confirms something he did not expect.

[Attribute\: Guts]

[!Status abnormality\: lack of self-esteem (disabled)]

“…?”

Sun Ah-hyeon’s condition was back to the disabled state.

Without any help.

‘what’

Park Moon-dae was trying to quickly move forward with his plan to reactivate his characteristics starting today based on the trust he regained through yesterday’s crazy 5-hour relay demonstration.

‘Did I see it wrong?’

Park Moon-dae almost frowned and looked at Sun Ah-hyun for a moment.

But I saw something else first.

[Guts (S)\: You create your own mindset. That’s why I can handle it.

– Offset mental status abnormalities when activated. (Can be applied overlapping)

“Mumundaeya…?”

Park Moon-dae read one more sentence that caught his eye.

[You create your own mindset.]

That’s right.

I don’t know what kind of change of heart she had but last night Sun Ah-hyun broke her slump and reactivated her characteristics.

Perhaps Park Moon-dae will be able to guess the mechanism in the future but…

‘But… it’s okay isn’t it?’

Because Sun Ah-hyun overcame it on her own she knows.

Whenever Park Moon-dae criticized her for being a fraud she looked at Sun Ah-hyeon as if she was quite special.

…Of course if a problem arises like this we will find a solution by analyzing everything from cause to effect.

Not today.

“Let’s eat.”

“Ugh…!”

The next day Testa resumed his activities as scheduled with the announcement that his condition had recovered.

And while they were back on track the first Billboard ranking was announced.

It was the beginning of a great turmoil.
