---
title: "Chapter 357"
category: "book"
index: 356
section: "Chapter 357"
slug: "357"
---

# Chapter 357

Are they suddenly announcing that a previously canceled schedule will be rescheduled on the same day?

Of course it doesn’t work.

Regardless of whether it is the truth or not there are many cases where the conditions are not sufficient.

So the day we resumed activities was free. There were articles like ‘Green light to resume activities after two days of testing… recovery is in progress.’

Thanks to this the members had a lot of time to spare during the day and only performed according to the company’s own schedule.

“Umm I’m sorry and thankful to the company’s employees.”

“Uh huh. It’s really like that…”

okay. Even if they had to pay a penalty the sudden artist problem would have been a headache so this time the company gave them their money’s worth. Thank you to the employees.

But I expected it.

‘Still it would have been a mess.’

-No matter what everyone takes a break during the active period due to body aches… Well isn’t that too unusual?

-Someone caused an accident haha. There is already talk in the Sasaeng community.

-A university event was postponed for a test so it was supposed to be Wednesday but suddenly they announced that they were in poor condition the next day? dog strange

Keun Se-jin was quick to post a post on social media according to the situation but it was obvious what the people who were very upset after the ‘Star’s Song’ incident were talking about.

‘I guess I’ll have to take care of it first.’

As the cause provider isn’t suturing an essential procedure?

I worked out some plans and got online.

‘hmm…?’

But surprisingly things didn’t turn out as I expected.

Instead the Billboard rankings were slightly mixed with the news of our hiatus.

“Wow… I forgot about this.”

“That’s right. “I think there was a brief misunderstanding between the previous movie OST and this title.”

Me indeed.

‘Somehow I think positively of you.’

It’s okay to be honest and say that I was distracted by that mess with Sun Ah-hyun.

I shook my head and lowered the screen.

First of all the album chart. Billboard 200.

[8. 〈WEAPON for you〉 / new!]

Ranked 8th.

“Oooh.”

“Ha one digit…”

After all the chaos I found out later that the members are liking it but in reality this is within the predictable range.

It is no longer unusual for a KPOP boy group that has made a name for itself in the United States to rank in the top 5 on the Billboard album chart during its heyday.

‘Still I’m very satisfied with the result.’

This is a signal that the chronic problem of overseas weakness has been resolved.

The problem is\:

Song chart aka Hot100.

[15. Savior / new!]

“…?”

“omg?”

This… landed in 15th place.

‘what?’

You may be wondering why you’re surprised that it’s lower than the album chart but for a foreign language song to rank on this music chart is several times more difficult than an album. Because you need a level of popularity that can offset the fact that it’s a foreign language or a ridiculously large fandom that can push it away.

So this is… a little strange.

‘I expected to be in the top 30 at best…?’

No actually 30th place is a ranking that I wouldn’t have even dared to rank if it wasn’t for the movie OST released just before.

‘This is a ranking that can be compared to the Korean weekly music chart when Testa released a performance-oriented song a few years ago.’

It’s almost shocking.

And thanks to this the Internet’s reaction to Testa’s suspension of activities was summarized.

Like this.

-The water is rushing in and the oar is smashed~

-If I’m a slut my stomach will be torn apart.

-Can you bear this? I must be really sick lol.

-Aren’t you just trying to get to the U.S. quickly?

It is true that it hurts because there is no way for a sane person to rest in this situation.

In addition conspiracy theories such as ‘It was a noise caused by a quick change to the American schedule’ arose and all the bullshit was absorbed into that direction.

“…”

Things have really worked out amazingly but I still don’t know how this works.

Bae Se-jin also asks a local person with eyes full of disbelief perhaps because he studied something on WeTube.

“Is this… really what comes out this well?”

However the locals refused to answer.

“I don’t know! “I don’t really look at billboards.”

“Then what are you looking at?”

“Umm Dotifiy~”

“Dotty Pie?”

It is a global music streaming site popular in the United States.

‘…It’s streaming.’

At that moment I realized.

“ah.”

yes. I should have started by checking where I got my score.

I immediately checked the Billboard score percentage.

Music Sales Streaming Index Radio On Air…

“hmm.”

‘There’s more on-air score than you think.’

Foreign language songs aren’t often played on American radio but considering that it’s decent. It looks like the company spent its money well.

And of course the highest volume of music sales is due to fandom…

“…!”

‘Streaming is okay right?’

That’s right. There is almost no difference in streaming compared to similarly ranked songs above and below.

As expected this is…

“Cha Yu-jin do you have a Dotify account?”

“there is!”

“Show me something.”

I went into Cha Yu-jin’s smartphone and looked at the rankings.

‘No. 26 on the global charts.’

Considering that only two weeks had passed since its release it had tremendous staying power.

And if you check the US charts not the global ones…

[25. Savior / by TeSTAR]

“Oh~ I like 25th place!”

“…!”

Higher than global?

This too is deformed. Usually KPOP has a higher global index than in the United States…

“Brother do you use your phone for a long time?”

“wait for a sec.”

I looked at fan accounts on my smartphone and kept checking Dotify Pie’s streaming rankings on Cha Yujin’s phone.

And then I realized.

“It’s a promotion.”

“…Promotion? advertisement?”

“Yes I think this song was also recommended to people who listened to our movie OST.”

This testa title is given to those who have listened to ‘Black hole’ by 〈Cosmic Gunner〉.

The American promotion algorithm was requested in the direction of this connection.

‘…It’s effective.’

It was composed by the same guy and sung by the same guys and the sample was used to have a similar feel so of course it suits my taste.

Maximizing natural promotional effects.

In addition the image we established through our movie cameos and entertainment appearances created a synergistic effect.

‘…My Face fun game alien image.’

So it seems that even the incomprehensible lyrics have their own charm and have alleviated the resistance.

So to conclude overall…

“You did a good job at the company.”

“yes.”

I can’t deny Liu Chengwu’s words.

It feels like they are trying to squeeze out the US market somehow…

There’s only one guy who can do this.

“here. Well written.”

“yes!”

I returned Cha Yu-jin’s smartphone and quenched my appetite.

My mouth is bitter.

‘…I can’t believe the general manager is doing a good job.’

It seems he didn’t have an American business disease for nothing. Or is there anything you felt through trial and error with Mirinae?

It’s a good thing but I feel strange. Is it because from the inside I think of that guy as shit?

“Aren’t you going to get off at Mundaemundae?”

“hmm.”

I finished my thoughts by getting off at the concept photo shoot site for the tour.

First of all let’s do some work… I guess I’ll have to create a Dotify account for monitoring.

That day I ignored Cha Yu-jin’s advice and opened an account for the United States.

And the very next day I realize that this was a pretty good idea.

It was a night when my schedule got busier and I crawled into my dorm past midnight.

When I sat in the bathtub to relax my body.

[Hyung hyung! Did you see this?]

While I was mindlessly checking the status window I suddenly saw Geudal typing frantically in the status window.

[A new girl group that appeared like a comet… Powty takes over the billboard]

[Younglin junior Pouti “Please love everyone’s double title!”]

[The appearance of ‘NEXT Younglin’ who raids Pouty’s global music charts]

“…”

After reading the flood of articles.

I opened my mouth with difficulty.

“It’s a double title.”

[yes…]

Then access the Dotify account created for monitoring purposes and view the rankings.

There is a new song that has just been ranked.

[14. Love Soul / by Powty]

[17. Underwater / by Powty]

Two songs in the top 10.

When you click on it a trendy English dance song appears.

-Hey goody do you want a…

Structured like advertising music. Sticks well to the ears. Although it may be obvious it is a masterpiece with a popular appeal that everyone will like.

“…”

I stopped playing the music and pressed my temples.

“this…”

X haircut.

What kind of situation is this?

[Well… the teaser parody that used the two titles together was a huge hit on Tic Tac Tok and is receiving a good response even in the US…]

I appreciate the supplementary explanation but the cause isn’t really important right now.

In any case the important thing is that these rookies achieved huge success outside of the standards.

‘That’s it.’

…First let’s look at what ‘breaking the KPOP record’ I was aiming for was.

[Two Testa songs simultaneously listed at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart]

This is it.

As you can see this was chosen considering that our movie OST will definitely be on the Billboard charts by now.

OSTs run for a long time until the movie is released to the public and continues to be exposed to the wider public.

Then I thought it would be possible if I just maintained the momentum with the title.

‘I looked it up and found that this wasn’t even targeting VTIC.’

The album is stronger that way and the songs are less popular.

So since the huge fandom chose only the title and used its purchasing power this uneconomical method was not used.

So I thought it was right.

‘I’m going to hit this part.’

Basically records except for traditional ones are subject to public perception.

Depending on how widely it is recognized it may become a meaningful record or it may end up as their own media play.

In that sense… isn’t it quite impactful to see the same singer’s name twice in the top 20?

Of course it was also inspected by Geoldal.

-Do you think it will work? Oooh! the first!

It was like this.

‘So I thought it was almost confirmed and proceeded… ’

But here a rookie suddenly accomplishes something similar?

I immediately rolled over head first.

‘Unless a bigger surprise occurs the sales volume and final streaming score will inevitably be lower for rookies than for us.’

In other words according to Billboard which calculates weekly scores we will definitely win.

‘But that’s not the point.’

Even if their song rankings are lower than ours isn’t dark horses usually subject to correction in the public’s perception?

-It’s awesome. A rookie is competing with Testa for rankings.

-What’s happening with K-pop this year?

If they lose by decision like that… what does this mean as a record…

“…”

Damn it… no I’ll try to save it first.

“…hmm.”

I held back a sigh and asked as casually as possible.

“Anyway our Billboard rankings came out first so the mission condition must be success and we had two songs listed in the top 20 for the first time. Then there’s nothing to worry about.”

Anyway since we did it first let’s call it the first time and count the mission as a success.

But the big moon had no answer.

And slowly creakingly letters are engraved as if making excuses.

[If this is the case… in terms of public perception… it’s hard to say it’s an overwhelming record since their activity periods overlap so it can be compared… especially if it’s a rookie group.]

“…”

This bastard…?

[It’s not my will it’s my subconscious…! Because the systematic unconscious makes the decision right? ! ㅠㅠ]

[I’m sorry bro but I really don’t know. Will that happen…?]

“…”

Yeah it’s not your fault.

‘Will it work? ‘It won’t work.’

I sighed.

Younglin is not an idiot and since it has become like this the media is always asking questions by comparing it to Testa which is active at the same time.

‘Because it’s perfect for leveling up.’

Moreover since the genders are different groups it doesn’t feel like fighting directly.

Then it is inevitable that Testa’s paintings that are recognized as having an impact as a stand-alone record will pass over the water.

Because similar minor cases are catching up with momentum.

“…okay.”

I cooled my head.

‘Youngrin… Youngrin is my junior.’

And then I realized. They were the people Youngrin introduced last awards season. I smiled bitterly.

Anyway there are so many variables in this town that competitors pop up all of a sudden.

[brother…]

But now is not the time to accept it as competition.

It has to be completely torn off.

To do that… we’ll have to artificially intervene here as well.

“…”

It’s a method of intervention.

I lowered my head lost in thought.

The opaque water containing bath salts sloshed around. It seems like the current situation is that you can’t even see an inch ahead…

for a moment.

“ah.”

I see.

‘The water must be clouded.’

Let’s split the board.

“This will end if we are not mentioned together with these rookies.”

[?? Is that… okay?]

Why not?

‘All you have to do is blur the tone and add different weight classes.’

All you have to do is come up with something more interesting for the public.

I sat and continued to think until the bath water cooled.

Cut it out and cut it out.

In a clear direction that is most beneficial.

And the next day.

“Manager just a moment.”

“yes?”

Before I even left for my early morning schedule I submitted a request for an interview with the head of the department.

This was my first voluntary contact since signing a contract with the label and I’m curious how it will be received.

hmm. And one more thing.

As I got into the car I picked up my smartphone and sent a text message.

[If you see the text please contact me when you have time.]

As soon as I put this in I got a call right away.

-Ah hello senior!

“hello.”

-yes!

A voice with discipline that I haven’t heard in a while.

“Thank you for calling. “I have a question.”

My immediate junior is Minha Park of the female idol group Mirinae.

After a little pause I got to the point.

“Are you having any worries these days?”

-… yes?

“It’s a matter of group direction.”

okay.

Since I have already established a label I would like to contribute to the company.
