---
title: "Chapter 358"
category: "book"
index: 357
section: "Chapter 358"
slug: "358"
---

# Chapter 358

At the end of May of this year Testa became a flawless first team both at home and abroad.

What does Mirinae her immediate junior think of Testa Park Min-ha who is effectively the leader of Mirinae?

‘Anyway… I just think of him as a senior.’

To begin with I haven’t seen much of it recently. This is because even in companies labels are created in separate areas so their movement lines do not overlap.

But there is this.

‘…Sounds good! i envy you!’

Testa who escaped from the hands of the head of the division was a bit disgusting but in fact there was no role model more envious than him.

…and there were certain senior members who contributed greatly to her thinking that way.

‘…You must have done it on purpose to criticize the label and announce it during the awards ceremony right?’

That’s right.

This is Park Moon-dae the main vocalist of Testa and the person in charge of ‘Soft Bean Rice Cake and Apple Rice Cake Puppy’.

Park Min-ha screamed internally.

‘What a puppy!’

I don’t know what the extraordinary if not extraordinary thoughts of the person who is controlling the company are coming to their senses but if they come to their senses they are in the right place… Anyway what about that person?

“…”

‘If you list it like this in a way you have the constitution of a heavenly idol.’

Anyway it was scary.

Thanks to this we are a popular senior group so let’s get along well. I was in a cold sweat trying to stop the members who were trying to do well.

‘What if you send my sisters and brothers away because they say friendship with the opposite sex is the poison of idols…!’

But I don’t know how such a scary person can look so harmless when the camera is rolling.

‘…In reality it gives the impression that it’s a bit difficult to approach.’

Through years of self-management and investment in stats (though Park Min-ha doesn’t know) Park Moon-dae was already in a career where cameras would be visible.

But even now when I watch the video it’s scary how well the image of a friendly dog fits.

It was worthy of being a role model.

‘…It’s amazing. really.’

So you make your own resolutions.

‘When the contract renewal season comes we will really do it right!’

I will protect this group by handling things clearly and never getting caught…!

However as I was doing this for a while the person in question received a phone call.

That too very meaningfully.

-Are you having any worries these days?

“…”

The moment she heard those words all kinds of possible bad endings came into Park Min-ha’s mind.

what? what?

‘What are you thinking… ’

So like a reaction robot an acceptable answer came out.

“I worry just as much as other people do! Still I am satisfied with my life as an idol where I can meet fans like this…”

-hmm. yes.

Park Moon-dae listened to the whole story without stopping.

Thanks to this the repertoire for social life answers was quickly depleted.

‘Ouch!’

The pressure to say more increases.

‘Oh please!’

Isn’t it time for us to discuss our concerns senior?

Fortunately Park Moon-dae gave Park Min-ha a hint just before he passed away.

– Well then I’m glad. But do you have any other concerns?

“…When you say different what kind of thing are you talking about…”

-I was wondering if the company was doing well recently.

“Company?”

-yes. I don’t know much about Testa because there was some distance between them as they became independent labels.

Park Moon-dae described calmly.

-But it seems like you continue to run all groups centered around the United States. Since we are also active in that direction these days what do you think about our juniors?

“ah.”

If that’s the case.

At that moment Park Min-ha opened her mouth as if it were a conditioned reflex.

It was a problem I was really thinking about and there was a lot of it.

Even after speaking I regret it and think ‘I was caught.’ But that wasn’t a trap it was really a stepping stone to a good proposal for Mirinae.

Of course it was true that Park Moon-dae caught it.

* * *

-… That’s why I’m still working hard!

“hmm.”

I organized the current situation of Mirinae which Park Min-ha explains in quite detail and the information about the new group that I obtained secretly between the lines.

First of all the current position given in advance is…

‘That’s ambiguous.’

It’s stagnating.

This guy also had an idea so instead of criticizing the company he glossed over it in a positive way but he seems to know that the momentum and controversy he had at the time of his debut has largely died.

It’s worth it. As we continue to make music that will be popular overseas and focus our promotions on that our connection with the domestic public is weakening.

‘But the fandom is okay.’

Because its own content is good and the quality of its activity capital is good the inflow of fandom itself is steady.

‘It’s patterned like that.’

In short they have become fandom-type idols whose music has weakened slightly as public interest has declined but album sales are still rising.

‘At this level I have already established myself as a successful idol.’

However if they manage to gain popularity just once they could truly become a group that has it all but the company will continue to target only the US which will upset them.

Meanwhile a new female idol came out from Younglin Company.

And it started to become a huge hit.

-That’s right there are a lot of people who are really good at it these days! We are also thinking that we need to work harder…

That is ultimately what this means.

‘I feel threatened because of the overlapping positions.’

A trendy female idol who is recognized globally especially in the West.

Two similar images.

The problem is not only that the images overlap in the American market but also that the selling point in Korea is blurred.

And the more powerful latecomer usually naturally takes over.

So perhaps now is the right time before the topic moves towards the new female idol.

I crossed my arms with my smartphone between my neck.

‘…It’s okay.’

Mirinae has an established first-team image and strong album sales.

Rookie girl idol Paouti may not have a strong record at the moment but her overseas music is strong and based on her popularity her domestic music is also on the rise.

Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.

‘The game is perfect so it’s better to plan the game.’

There’s nothing more fun to watch in a fight than watching similar positions go back and forth.

I came to a conclusion. But there was one more hurdle left to go through.

‘Because it’s someone else’s business.’

The intention of the parties concerned.

I responded appropriately to what Park Min-ha said and waited and when it was over I opened my mouth again.

“yes. Thank you for letting us know. And I have one more question.”

-yes?

I asked slowly.

“Do you think it would be better for more people to be interested in the group’s activities even if it makes a little noise?”

-…

You know what it means to ‘make a fuss’.

‘You mean being criticized.’

Of course the lower the topicality the less criticism there is.

Speech hand movements past photos of plastic surgery… Do you prefer a stable current situation rather than feel the pain of having your brain pounded by absurd rumors?

‘For those who have experienced &lt;Azusa&gt; it is not strange even if there is trauma.’

I waited.

But after a while a firm voice came from the phone.

-of course.

good. You have guts.

I passed the conclusion that I was satisfied with.

“Then can the company proceed like that?”

-Oh how?

like this.

From the very next day articles began pouring in on the entertainment front.

* * *

[Rookie Pouty’s unprecedented global success… ‘A record for a girl group’?]

[Pouty Mirinae surpasses Blue Rain and ranks #1 in search index]

[Was Mirinae’s comeback notice ‘monster rookie’ conscious?]

The articles sometimes mentioned it explicitly and sometimes concealed it but in the end the tone was the same.

‘Didn’t Pauuti beat Mirinae as soon as she debuted?’

The article was filled with content that subtly predicted Pouty’s superiority.

And of course sounds that could be heard in response began to come out.

All kinds of extreme clamor.

-Stop grabbing my hair.

-If you’re going to do this please make Younglin come back… I’m obsessed with rookies you crazy bastards who built your building?

-But objectively isn’t it true that her grades are better than Mirinae? Why is it so bad?

└Stop aggro-indulgence

└Okay I want to believe it’s aggro.

However there was one thing in common.

Everyone naturally believed that Younglin’s company would have taken the lead in this promotional material-style article.

Media targeting senior celebrities in similar positions is a traditionally effective method of raising awareness.

Of course unless Younglin is an idiot they would have been planning to release a similar press release and we have confirmed that this is indeed the case.

When an employee of our company contacted the media they said that the agency had already promised to hand over the content for publicity purposes first.

Thanks to you it was comfortable.

-So you liked it? It would be perfect if you just changed the subject.

The employee said that in a slightly excited voice.

therefore…

‘This is helping.’

I nodded.

It is a kind of donation.

Didn’t he help out by hitting on some players that were supposed to be played in the first place? It was something the company should be thankful for.

Well the person they were trying to snipe at was Testa not Mirinae… but we’ll find out.

I coolly lowered the smartphone screen.

There was an uproar as articles were being taken from all sorts of places.

“Good buzz.”

Mirinae’s fans may be a little tired but it’s better to spend something hot rather than something that’s mentioned dead and stagnant.

Because rivalries are good for motivation.

‘Even Mirinae is making a comeback soon.’

I hope this becomes a hot topic domestically.

-yes. I like the song!

You seemed confident.

I laughed and threw the smartphone.

Now all we have to do is wait until Mirinae makes a comeback and the results come out.

‘When it’s ripe the company will put out a press release about our records… The mission results will be released within two weeks at the earliest.’

Then as long as there are no other incidents you will pass this gate.

‘It’s neat.’

I stood up stretching lightly.

“ah.”

There is one more thing to take care of. Until the results come out Testa must be leading with an image that has nothing to do with these guys.

To help with that… an independent activity that is both topical and inspiring.

What could it be?

‘It’s a popular solo entertainment show.’

Coincidentally the entertainment production crew that had been sending us hotteokpals in the US contacted us again.

It was the right time.

* * *

“hello~”

“hello!”

“Oh my testers please sit down quickly! oh my!”

A few days later we were called to a meeting for a new entertainment show.

“If you look at the title…”

When I looked at the presentation materials even the logo was already drawn out.

〈Grandson of that house〉

I can feel it from the naming sense.

‘It must be a fantastic composition.’

It’s actually better because it definitely feels like you’re going to do something stupid.

Several familiar writers explained this with excited faces.

“I went down and cooked a little food and tended to the garden… I prepared something that was really healing.”

“Ahaha. yes!”

Of course it must be a trap. The members look at each other and nod their heads.

‘What is it?’

‘I think I’ll give you self-denial training.’

‘That also makes sense.’

This time should I take a fishing boat because I owe money in the countryside?

But the writers persevered.

“Oh this time! Definitely not fishing! “You’re just having some fun with the mini-games… but that’s absolutely not the case.”

okay. Let’s pretend to be hooked.

“Really?”

“yes!”

The author strongly affirms this. We were about to smile and nod but before we could the author added.

With eyes burning brightly with resentment.

“Or you can sue me really!”

“…”

complaint?

An embarrassed smile appears on Liu Chengwu’s face. Other guys are similar.

‘Hey I think you’re serious.’

Are you really going to create a simple healing program that will soothe the tired hearts of modern people?

“Because you are an idol you can combine some professional knowledge and feel meaningful! We also show performances to the residents…”

Raebin Kim was amazed.

“…! “I think that would be a really meaningful opportunity!”

“Um sure. “It has a good purpose.”

Bae Se-jin is looking through the data again with a somewhat relieved look on his face and Seon A-hyeon is taking notes.

Everyone is in a peaceful mood.

“…yes.”

And I looked back at Big Sejin.

The guy was desperately trying to smile but the moment our eyes met the corners of his eyes twitched.

‘okay.’

I was in big trouble.

‘Sounds like healing.’

These production crew members have lost their true sense of entertainment.
