---
title: "Chapter 359"
category: "book"
index: 358
section: "Chapter 359"
slug: "359"
---

# Chapter 359

It rattled.

“…The view is nice.”

“There’s a cow over there…!”

An idyllic road scene passes by beyond the people making comments at the window.

That’s right. We are boarding a typical tourist charter bus and heading to the countryside.

Of course there were cameras all over the bus. This means that this too will be broadcast so you can’t waste it.

“Wow there’s a karaoke machine here too?”

“Oh it’s been a while since I’ve seen that.”

“I want to call you! “Give me the microphone!”

“okay! Shall we bet on the scores?”

Keun Se-jin smiled and lifted the karaoke microphone to liven up the atmosphere. It’s an entertainment-type stance that seems almost desperate.

I understand.

I can’t stand this peaceful uncut atmosphere.

“Come on~ Our main vocalist has to sing just one song here!”

You work really hard.

“Give it to me.”

“Oooh!”

I selected a popular song that was about 10 years old and tried to sing it with as much excitement as possible while trying to make the best move.

This side is just as desperate.

‘When we arrived there was a possibility that it was a deep-sea fishing vessel… it was not out of the question.’

Production crew please do what you’re good at.

“That blue sea ~ cool breeze ~”

“Oh! Oooh!”

Please let’s just go with the meta that’s ruining the cast!

But when I finally arrived the sight I saw was… a comfortable and warm country farmhouse.

“…”

A picturesque country house with a blue roof and veranda and lots of sunlight.

The members are excited.

“Wow!”

“It’s a wonderful home with a very cozy feel!”

“…”

No… the appearance could be fake. Yes what’s inside is important.

But after entering.

“Here… the floor is warm.”

“It feels more intimate because it has a sense of life.”

“That’s really true…!”

The neatly organized ondol rooms had mother-of-pearl cabinets white porcelain classically colorful candy containers and even stone tables with an old-fashioned charm.

“Have you seen the refrigerator?”

“…Yes there were a lot.”

The kitchen is stocked with various seasonings and rice side dishes.

With sunlight shining through the window even the air is very warm. I swallowed.

‘…it’s better inside.’

This is a house that is full of the so-called romance and longing of rural life.

‘What on earth did the art director get up to?’

Why did they use a title like “That House’s Grandson” and make the accommodation look so fancy?

How dare you not screw up the cast? This is a betrayal.

“Wow~ It’s really amazing! “How can I do this?”

Keun Se-jin saw the atmosphere and changed the content to a housewarming reaction.

Trying hard.

In the meantime the director also quietly adds a word.

“Haha everyone I borrowed this from a resident so I have to return it when the period is over so please use it carefully~”

“yes!”

Why are you talking like that with such a warm expression?

I opened my mouth just in case.

“Perhaps we have to repay…”

“Oh that can’t be right~ Of course we paid for it all through rental! absoluteness! That won’t happen!”

Yes I am very grateful.

‘It looks really messed up.’

After a while we were asked to gather on the veranda so we finished our reactions and left.

“Testa’s grandchildren please sit here~”

“Yes yes~”

A brief briefing on the content follows.

It’s not much different from what I heard at the meeting. Living in the countryside helping the elderly with their work and cooking meals.

‘No fun… ’

It would be better if it were full-fledged hardcore volunteer work but it is a structure in which we earn money day by day.

And the production team’s explanation did not end there.

“Here’s how to get paid~”

Before you know it there is a lucky bag on the table placed on the veranda. Liu Chengwu picked it up and opened it.

“What is it? Wow~”

“…It’s fascinating. “Is it a bottle cap?”

Inside a circle with an engraved pattern sparkles.

“You can only use one currency here and you can acquire more through various tasks!”

The director points to the lucky bag.

“That’s right~ &lt;Carrot Coin&gt;!”

“Oh!”

It’s a name that seems somewhat unhealthy.

However the members’ eyes shine at the toy-like coins made by pressing bottle caps.

“Why is your name Carrot?”

“That’s because it can be exchanged one-to-one with real carrots~”

“ha ha ha!”

Even the production crew who say nothing is met with generous reactions.

“I understand~ Carrot carrot!”

“It’s novel isn’t it?”

“Let’s use this as public money.”

And then I nodded.

‘Then yes.’

There’s no way the production crew who sucked at this drug could let the cast roam free and abundantly like this.

‘They must have been playing around with coins.’

Your debt will surely snowball or you will end up in a difficult situation due to a severe lack of coins.

‘Then for impact… ’

We need to start with large-scale consumption.

My head finally turns. I tried my luck with enthusiasm.

“Shall we start by looking at groceries for dinner?”

“Good.”

“I’ll make a list of things to buy!”

Let’s start by targeting the pictures that make you cringe when you see the price.

As I entered the grocery store I held up a coin I had received from Ryu Cheong-woo and meaningfully asked the production crew.

“Are you lending me this too?”

However the production team responded firmly.

“no. “I’m just giving it to you~ initial funds!”

“…yes.”

…I don’t think it’s a lie.

Well that could happen. So does it feel like there is a shortage of coins due to the ridiculously high prices?

We started shopping.

“How much is this?”

Towels are a must. Surely people are surprised by charging exorbitant prices for this type of product…

“Ah~ The young people… Anyway these are two carrot coins! Just give it to me like this!”

“thank you. please.”

“…?”

for a moment.

“Please buy me that!”

“Does Eugene want to eat dalgona? Okay Auntie how much is this?”

“Wow you’re so handsome. uh? “You’re so handsome~”

“Thank you! “Your aunt is so beautiful too~”

“okay? Then just one coin is enough for 7 of these!”

“…Wow~ Awesome! thank you!!”

“…?”

Whatever you choose it’s ridiculously cheap.

‘You’re giving it for free.’

What is this?

After receiving Dalgona from Keun Se-jin and almost missing it I immediately looked back at the production crew and tried to get my luck going.

“…It’s very cheap.”

“All the residents are kind-hearted.”

That means that residents arbitrarily set prices for goods.

In that case the camera will roll and of course I will give it to you even though it is not real money!

‘Is there a screw missing from my head?’

Was this meaningless free rule made in the right mind?

“Then shall we go in and cook quickly?”

“It’s radish. Should I try it this time…? “The level of grilling of the meat…”

“…Good.”

-No problem in solving problems such as easy work and good housing with prices that are as good as free.

I made a comprehensive judgment.

‘It’s ruined.’

Who the fuck would want to see an idol who is already so popular enjoy simple healing to his heart’s content?

No of course fans may want to see it… but even so there has to be some level of stimulation to pique their interest.

‘There is no curve.’

This bland structure cannot capture emotion laughter or spicy flavor.

In short it is a soup that everyone knows.

It would be better to make the flex happen somewhere great or the concept is nothing right now.

‘It’s going to turn.’

I stuffed the dalgona into my mouth and suppressed my salivation.

Of course I actually tried to change the program’s route several times before leaving.

Everything from the forced march farming concept to the horror special was good. If only we could make it even a little more provocative.

But surprisingly it didn’t work.

-Oh that’s a bit… right?

-Yes I don’t think it will work.

All entrance cuts.

The production team said they had already finished talking to the agency and walked out like a snake.

‘Why are these bastards so obsessed with healing when they’re so good at cleaning their mouths?’

The previous program was also a quiz show where actors got into trouble so why are they doing this to us?

I tasted bitterly.

‘Is it too popular?’

Since Testa is doing so well it seems like they are afraid that if we release it now we will say something different or the fans will be angry.

This situation is so likely that it just leaves me with a bitter taste in my mouth. Fuck Dalgona’s writing.

“Wow~ Look at this at Mundaemundae there’s an eel here too!”

“Wait.”

I decided to find a job and do more.

Now that things are like this there’s nothing better than to imprint him as a harmonious workaholic so that he can benefit from his image.

‘If you don’t have it just make it.’

Thanks to this the sweet and sour pork I made for dinner despite all the unnecessary steps turned out amazingly well.

…I wish I could at least give this a try as a mukbang. Please.

* * *

I continued to try to somehow put the content together but no matter how much I thought about it I couldn’t come up with an angle.

It’s amazingly peaceful.

‘I’m tired.’

Still something happened after dinner on the first day.

The guys who went downstairs brought something with them.

“Ta-da!”

“wow…”

A smiling Liu Chengwu places a dog with a black nose and white fur on the veranda.

The guy kicks his feet energetically.

“king!”

“…”

I almost reached out my hand without thinking but then took it back.

A ball of hair small enough to be picked up and lifted.

“I met the camera director’s grandmother and she said it was one of the pups born to the dog.”

“He kept following me and I said ok and brought him back!”

“This name is Mungge Rae.”

“king!”

The dog gets between me and Bae Se-jin and struggles. Bae Se-jin’s face turned red.

“Do you mind if I listen to it?”

“You can just grab the side here.”

I watched the dog’s face which looked stupid and thoughtless and its tail flapping wildly.

‘This… could be okay.’

Because people like dogs.

Moreover since it doesn’t even have a breed there is no need for unnecessary controversy. hmm. good.

I nodded internally quite willingly.

“Since this puppy came to Testane I think I should get an activity name~ How about Mundaengdaeng?”

“hey.”

And deliberately overreacting to Big Sejin’s bullshit he ran through the yard with Big Sejin and the dog behind him.

“ha ha ha!”

I wondered if the threshold for laughter had been set too low but the members and staff laughed anyway.

…Maybe it’s not that bad. From that day on the dog slept in the middle of the ondol room.

After that small tasks continued.

Digging potatoes Watering crops Feeding ducks Giving massages to villagers.

And what I’m doing now is delivering groceries.

“Ugh!”

“We’re almost done.”

The goods are distributed to farms located far away.

Traveling through the countryside with a dog was the perfect thing to do without thinking about anything.

And on the way back.

“Uh shall we take a rest over there?”

“Good judgment!”

There are no restrictions so you can use your time however you want.

So in the late day just before sunset you can park a cart with a bicycle attached and sit down in the pavilion.

“I want to lie down~”

“me too!”

And it can be stretched out completely.

‘You do all sorts of things.’

In the picture they are lying down together but it is doubtful whether a replacement volume will be available for this as well.

At that time Sun Ah-hyun who was lying next to me muttered briefly.

“I think something like this is good.”

“…”

“It’s been a while since I spent time like this without worrying.”

“…I know.”

In the meantime I ran hard without any hesitation. Because it’s a job where you fall if you stop.

‘Even when I rest I even make plans to rest efficiently.’

…It’s bound to be a long time since I’ve had a time like this.

Time passing aimlessly.

“One per person. “No more.”

“Boo…”

Bae Se-jin who just happened to run to the supermarket asked for the hard drive he had brought.

It tastes like fruit.

Slurp- Slurp

The grass sways in the wind.

“It smells good.”

“huh.”

It’s quiet.

I lay down in the pavilion and realized that I was quite relaxed.

“…”

Maybe… this might not be such a bad thing.

‘Is this why healing entertainment shows keep coming out?’

Looking back it seems that supply is pouring in because it is secretly popular but there may be demand for this relaxing feeling.

‘I’m sure you’ll feel like you’re moving away from a heated sexual fight.’

I shook my head. And I thought.

‘…I guess I’ll just leave it this time.’

Even if I just enjoyed the entertainment without thinking about anything else I didn’t think there would be much of a problem in completing the mission.

Just this time should we trust the production team’s editing skills and delegate the content?

‘It could be that since I took my first step into entertainment with &lt;Azusa&gt; I was only looking for things that were too provocative.’

I don’t know the taste of organic food.

I slowly placed my head on the floor enjoying the sweetness of the ice cream.

It wasn’t that bad to be busy in this narrow pavilion.

* * *

Two peaceful days passed like that.

Around the time when the members and I were finally getting used to this uneventful life.

“hello everyone!”

“hello!”

The production team that came every morning showed up again and called us.

‘I’ll give you small tasks to do again.’

However today there was something that was conducted first before the daily briefing.

“Everyone shall we play a mini-game for a moment?”

“A minigame?”

“yes. “There was a brief event this morning so let’s play a mini-game to find out what happened there!”

“Oooh.”

The mini game was a simple game played against the production crew.

Even now I often do it and if I win I get snacks or fireworks or something.

So everyone naturally agreed and participated.

“Wow it seems like our Munge is always with Mundae.”

“Haha I guess they feel the same way because they are dogs.”

“…brother.”

Even Ryu Cheong-woo is like this.

I participated without much tension petting a dog and lost.

“ah.”

“Well that could be the case.”

“are you okay! Let’s do more work!”

No one is very upset. The atmosphere is just smiling and encouraging each other.

“Then I’ll pull out a penalty note about what happened at our event.”

“Yes~”

Until now Kyunghyang-sang’s penalty notes had words like ‘1 volunteer activity today’ and ‘buying corn’.

And all that’s left are two notes.

“Let Ravin choose.”

“All right!”

Today’s batter Kim Rae-bin vigorously drew one of the two remaining penalty notes.

And it hardened.

“…??”

“Ravin?”

“what’s the matter?”

“Ravin please read~”

At the production crew’s name Kim Rae-bin opened her mouth with her pupils trembling.

“This morning an unidentified overnight guest came in and stole all of Testa’s precious ‘Carrot Coins’?”

“…!”

What… what?
