---
title: "Chapter 360"
category: "book"
index: 359
section: "Chapter 360"
slug: "360"
---

# Chapter 360

An hour has passed since it was revealed that all the carrot coins had been stolen.

“Aaaahhh.”

Inside the comfortable accommodation it is a mental mess.

Kim Rae-bin the person who pulled out the note is stuck in a corner looking like he just took a shower in cold sweat.

“Carrots… carrots”

It seems like a big shock.

“therefore…”

Liu Chengwu calmly opened his mouth.

“That means we don’t have any money right now.”

ridge!

If it has been edited an exclamation mark will appear above its head. These guys are really realistically shocked.

I crossed my arms and spoke quietly.

“In a word a beggar.”

“That’s crap…”

“How could something like this happen overnight?”

All there is is one dog.

A bundle of fur jumps around the devastated guys as if to cheer them up.

Meow! Wow!

The members’ complexions brighten a bit.

“Yeah I’m glad they didn’t steal our lumps. right?”

“Ugh!”

“…It’s still a baby so there was a risk but I’m glad. “You weren’t hurt.”

Are you serious?

No I wonder if this is happening just because entertainment money disappeared but the side effect of the past two days has been to relax people…

No it’s not a side effect.

“…!”

‘I got hit.’

These guys planned it all and did it so well.

In order to properly portray the shocked look in a disarmed state…

‘You did it amazingly.’

-Huh? What should I do? Why did you pick this? The other message probably didn’t contain that message.

-Then show it to me so I can check it!

-Oh you can’t do that! We have to write again next time!

-Ugh! really!

‘He must have prepared a note with the contents of stealing coins from both of them.’

I thought about the face of the PD who was babbling shamelessly and held back my swearing.

You say it’s healing you bitch!

No… let’s calm down. programmatically

This is a section that will be quite fun. Healing… Yes the healing amount is more than enough in two days.

You have to think like that. I definitely think that way. Don’t get angry. If you get angry here you lose.

Meanwhile Sun Ah-hyun kept her mouth shut and then raised her hand as if she had made up her mind.

“Yes Ahyeon.”

“Since I have a poetry room… shall I make something and see if there is actually anyone out there…?”

“wow.”

“Well a person with dexterity can come up with an idea like this.”

It was a good idea. The sight of first-tier idols sitting together and doing the handwork of glueing on doll eyes would be unique and funny if they were desperate.

However in this case the intention of the production team is important.

“…It’s true that you are great… but isn’t catching the criminal more important than that? The production team also said so.”

Yeah I guess that’s the direction this program prefers.

-Who on earth?? Who stole it?

-yes! This unidentified night guest is someone currently living in this town!

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“I’m telling you to catch them outright.”

“Hmm.”

The members were immersed in worry. After a while Kim Rae-bin muttered seriously with a blank face.

“If you get harmed…”

“Oh that doesn’t work.”

“yes yes. It could be dangerous…”

No it’s overly immersive. This isn’t a genre entertainment show and the production team’s top priority is making people laugh so it’s impossible for them to do that.

Big Sejin nods his head seriously.

“yes. “It could be dangerous.”

You were so excited. Are you saying that hardships and adversity have finally come and you are able to get your bearings?

Liu Chengwu proposed an arbitration plan.

“But since I don’t have enough food right now… I guess I’ll help out with work and earn coins first.”

“yes!”

“And then let’s see who might be the thief. “There must be a hint.”

“Good… that’s a wise decision.”

That’s good enough. I felt immersed in it and compared to the picture from the volunteer work the day before haha it must be really… funny.

“…”

No don’t get upset.

Anyway we set out on that road with a camera in search of the residents.

“Father is it okay if we continue cleaning the yard like we did yesterday? “If you give me some coins I’ll be really nice to you!”

“Huh? “It’s okay.”

However surprisingly people do not give work.

“…?”

“How many homes have we been turned down by now?”

“Five houses.”

An unnatural situation for anyone to see.

The grandmother in the sixth house even clicked her tongue and said\:

“Oh my… that coin? I don’t have that anymore. “Hey guys can’t we just grab a drink and go?”

The production team answered brightly.

“No~”

“Why are you answering for me?!”

“It’s a rule! “Why are people who know everything about the conservative system like this?”

These kids are real.

It seems that the rural affection that the production crew was crying out for died suddenly overnight.

At this point Ryu Cheong-wu laughs and asks if even the saintly gentleman is in trouble.

“Then what should we do?”

“so! “We have prepared something just in case.”

Yes I guess so.

‘It will definitely make us do ridiculous amounts of work… ’

“It’s a carrot farm!”

“…!”

This isn’t the scale I thought.

We took a short bus ride and arrived at the end of a green farm spread out on a flat plain.

“and…”

“It’s so spacious.”

How on earth did they contact me? I guess they made this contact and decided on accommodation and coin type.

The PD opened his mouth with a bright smile on his face.

“Did I tell you that physical carrots are exchanged for carrot coins on a one-to-one basis?”

“Ah I remember!”

“that’s right.”

Among the admiring members Kim Rae-bin looks relieved.

Oh my.

“So do you directly exchange the carrots you harvest for coins…?”

“Uh huh~ Everyone those carrots were grown in someone else’s field for a long time so of course you don’t give them away just because you harvest them~”

“…”

I thought so.

And the PD makes a suggestion that seems like a robbery.

“First of all if you cash everything from here to there today it’s 5 coins per person per day!”

“Hey!”

“Oh I don’t do it!!”

“I’m going out.”

The production crew suppresses laughter while looking at the freaked out guys.

Is this funny?

“Everyone you have to eat~”

“…”

Those who have become accustomed to the absurdity of the program start moving their bodies after a moment of blank stares.

“Shall we start from there?”

“okay.”

“I don’t like those carrots.”

Even though you complain you end up doing your best.

I grabbed a hoe and dug into the ground pulling out rows of scarlet root vegetables.

‘The picture will come out well.’

They will come out as pure and sincere young people who do not lose their original intention even if they wander follow the rules and work hard.

Or are you fools who are fooled again?

‘Fuck you.’

Either way is beneficial… Maybe it’s because I got caught in a fake and got stabbed in the back but it feels quite numb.

‘Is this a land version of an ocean fishing boat?’

“Let’s put it here!”

“okay.”

The hours of hard labor filling the huge basket continue.

The PD grabbed the megaphone.

“Okay five! “I won’t straighten my back until I pull it out.”

“Ugh! “Will you take responsibility if our backs hurt?”

“Huh? Are there too many daily wages?”

“sorry.”

To be honest it is not too hard on the body. Compared to when I was active and practicing for a performance for a while I was just tired.

“Work work!”

“…”

Still the atmosphere is just right.

The atmosphere of being treated like a medieval serf is infuriating… Of course it becomes fun after editing. This must be it.

‘I understand.’

Sometimes I would look at the production crew with resentful eyes and eagerly grab a carrot. It was bearable up to this point.

The problem arises from the following.

“Here’s the gang!”

“Wow!”

“We won’t eat carrots for a while. “I won’t even eat carrot cake.”

“Yes it’s Mundae.”

When we went to the supermarket to buy dinner with our hard-earned coins we were faced with exorbitant prices.

“Give me… just ten!”

“…!?”

Suddenly the price of Dalgona jumped tenfold.

“20 per geun?”

“We’re dying!”

Meat also skyrocketed.

Of course those who turned their attention ran to the production crew and shouted.

“They said there was no manipulation!”

“We never! “I didn’t set the price arbitrarily everyone~ Absolutely not!”

Raebin Kim asked with an almost ecstatic expression.

“Then what is this situation…”

“No how can we know people’s hearts? “We sell it at the price everyone wants.”

“…”

I clenched my fists.

I don’t know who the person who made the opinion was but I sincerely wanted to stick to just one thing.

In the end I returned home with a shabby shopping cart that was nothing compared to the previous two days.

I declared calmly.

“Let’s just make sujebi and eat it.”

“iced coffee…”

“Sujebi… it’s delicious.”

Still it is useful to react.

“I’m sorry… The starting point of everything… was my indiscretion…”

“What are you talking about! “Of course the PD played a trick!”

Kim Rae-bin who pulled out the note is almost lost and Bae Se-jin and the dog are there to comfort her.

“…”

That won’t work.

I tapped Keun Se-jin who was putting his luggage in the kitchen.

“There’s some flour and butter left.”

“uh? Uh oh. “I left it behind… why?”

“for a moment.”

I checked the butter I had overspent on the first day and headed to the kitchen.

No matter how I use the free time I was given to criticize the production staff I guess that’s how I feel.

* * *

Moon Dae Park creates something.

‘Mmm.’

As soon as Liu Chengyu came out after washing up he smelled a fragrant smell. And then I saw the back of Park Moon-dae moving steadily in the kitchen.

‘…is it food? They said it was handmade rain.’

In the meantime being conscious of the camera angle and taking care to capture the cooking process well was truly his own behavior.

‘You’re so calm.’

It’s definitely a situation that can be upsetting but we’re silently coming up with a realistic answer. This is where I felt like he was my older brother.

Liu Chengyu carefully entered the kitchen.

“Do you need anything?”

“It’s almost over. it’s okay. “Other guys helped me.”

Moon-Dae Park opened the air fryer.

Then along with a fragrant smell… a yellow cookie appears.

“Would you like to sample something?”

“ah.”

It was a cookie.

At that moment Cha Yu-jin came out.

“I want to eat!”

“It’s hot so be careful.”

“Hehe!”

Ryu Cheong-woo realized this when he saw Cha Yu-jin putting a cookie in her mouth and giving a thumbs up with shining eyes.

‘I guess you’re thinking of selling snacks.’

It was a really good idea. I thought the reaction of the members who didn’t want to go to the carrot field again would also be good.

“…! “It’s delicious.”

“Thank goodness.”

Liu Chengwu was impressed by both the taste and the idea.

‘I’ll have to keep an eye on it and assist when cooking in large quantities.’

But that idea is quickly shattered.

This is because Park Moon-dae who had poured more than half of the snacks into the container as soon as they had cooled down said this.

“The other kids are going to make sujebi… Let’s go together brother.”

“…me?”

Where?

And Park Moon-dae walked along with himself… to the village hall where he had just finished dinner.

‘…??’

What on earth is going on?

“Hello old man.”

“ah! “Aren’t you that guy who brought a camera from Seoul?”

“The camera came with me today too. And I made something. “It’s soft so it would be perfect to eat now.”

“Oh my what else!”

Thanks to the enthusiastic support of the seniors who discovered something fun for the first time in a long time Park Moon-dae scattered cookies in droves.

Liu Chengwu suddenly joined in the action.

Park Moon-dae went one step further and sold out Ryu Cheong-woo himself.

“This guy won a gold medal in archery at the Olympics. “Do you remember?”

“Oh my!”

“Yeah I think I remember hey~”

“ha ha ha.”

Ryu Cheong-woo smiled and shook hands eagerly and gave him a massage but he still didn’t know why Park Moon-dae was acting like this.

“Let me sing a song.”

“Draw draw~”

Park Moon-dae even sang his own trot song and even danced to ‘POP★CON’ showing off all kinds of jokes.

“…??”

Ryu Cheong-woo’s feelings became more complicated but without saying anything he sang a verse and eagerly answered the seniors’ questions.

‘I guess he has an idea.’

And when the atmosphere was fully ripe and the elders’ barriers came down.

Park Moon-dae got straight to the point.

“By any chance are you talking about this bottle cap? Did the people from Seoul say anything about this today?”

“Ah that!”

While the camera director is confused Park Moon-dae finally hears the truth.

“That is…”

* * *

I opened my mouth.

“So I heard you decided to give the latest massage chair to the ten residents with the most carrot coins.”

All the members who heard the full story of the incident gathered together and confronted the production team on the veranda.

The PD seemed to be avoiding eye contact. Soon he muttered more shamelessly.

“No did you come after hearing that?”

“Ugh!”

“That’s right!”

“How could you do that to us really!”

Criticism is pouring in.

Even Sun Ah-hyun blushed.

“You said healing or suing me…!”

“Huh?”

The PD naturally recommended it.

“Do it~ Sue me!”

“…!!”

“No Carrot Coin~ Is this an actual currency? “It’s a bottle cap~ I don’t know if it will work!”

“Aaaah!”

Fluttering.

Bae Se-jin shakes his shoulders and mutters through gritted teeth.

“I will not forget…”

“Producer~ One day this will all come back as karma!”

Then the PD must have been a bit offended and hastily makes an excuse.

“No guys… you’re not going to do this to me. The culprit who stole it! “There definitely is!”

“…!”

“If you just find the culprit! We’ll return all the coins… and we’ll give you our own prize money! 100 coins!”

“…! “Really?”

“Really~ Were you just fooled?”

Oh you lied.

“…”

I took a deep breath.

okay. This is how it’s funny and fun.

Testa has become accustomed to this production team due to his experience with numerous scams.

So this is the right way to create a more stimulating and interesting picture.

‘It’s also the best at making cuts that make the kids risk their lives to find the culprit and make fun of it in front of the elders and the production crew.’

“…”

But… why are you treated like this? A picture that is unexpected and unexpected in someone else’s design? I’m not funny. I.

“Mumundae? are you okay?”

“…”

I made up my mind.

The PD’s voice rings out.

“Please find the culprit~”

It was just after midnight that day. At this point the production crew withdrew leaving only the unmanned cameras.

Grumble.

I quietly opened the front door and came out.

Of course you are not alone.

“Um… Mundae hyung.”

Kim Rae-bin dressed in training clothes hesitantly followed along with a confused look on his face.

“I… do you mind if I ask why you are accompanying me?”

“Pick up the shovel and follow me.”

“…??”

“I’m going to dig up carrots now.”

I won’t leave you alone.
