---
title: "Chapter 361"
category: "book"
index: 360
section: "Chapter 361"
slug: "361"
---

# Chapter 361

Walking through rural rice fields at night can be quite creepy. Because there are not a lot of lights like in the city but streetlights flicker occasionally.

Still it doesn’t seem to have much of an effect on people who are used to this to begin with.

I asked the guy trudging along with the shovel.

“Aren’t you scared?”

“…! “Maybe I have a reason to be afraid…”

Done. Let’s get on with our work. I picked up my smartphone and turned it on to video recording mode.

“Is it a camera?”

“I think we should film what happens.”

I waved at the selfie camera. Kim Rae-bin also instinctively lowers his head.

“hello everyone. The time is now 3\:30 in the morning. “We left home safely.”

“That’s right.”

“I’ll explain why I came out.”

I declared calmly.

“No more carrot economic scams… We have decided to start a revolution.”

“yes??”

“revolution.”

Raebin Kim’s pupils began to tremble.

“Um… bro. Of course getting carrot coins is important but wouldn’t it be rude to carelessly dig up a field that belongs to someone else…?”

“Of course that’s rude.”

“yes?”

I stopped at an ambiguous place where a stream begins at the end of a rice field.

I guess it’s okay since we’ve reached this point.

“Let’s leave the shovel here.”

“A shovel…?”

Raebin Kim looks dazed for a moment but then regains his intelligence.

“If I still want to pull carrots wouldn’t it be easier to bring a shovel?”

I chuckled.

“The destination is not the carrot field.”

“…!”

“I brought it out because if I did this other people would think I was going to a carrot field.”

There are unmanned cameras all over the house. Of course one of the youngest members on duty would be observing.

If so our unexpected behavior would certainly have been reported.

‘I’m heading to the carrot field.’

‘I should have predicted it from the beginning.’

Coins and carrots with a one-to-one exchange rate.

Then aren’t there likely to be people who go to frost real carrots at night?

Just look at Kim Rae-bin right now.

“Were you worried that I was going to steal crops from someone else’s carrot field?”

“I am in no way questioning my brother’s morality and since it is entertainment after all I thought that such a pattern of behavior might be possible!”

“okay. I had a hard time thinking about it. “Don’t worry any more.”

It’s fishing aimed at the opposite.

‘Just look at me playing in a carrot field somewhere.’

Aren’t we recording separately like this for those of you who can’t keep up?

I also placed a flash light and a hoe on the shovel. And then I took another step.

“Are you throwing it away?”

“No I’ll leave it for a while and come back to get it. “It’s a bit awkward to go into the store with a shovel.”

“That’s true but… are there any stores open this early in the morning?”

“Yes.”

I raised my finger and pointed to a faintly twinkling sign in the distance.

“A place open 24 hours a day.”

“…?”

Raebin Kim turns his gaze to follow the finger. I took a picture of it with my camera.

A puzzled face appears on the screen.

“Why… here?”

“I heard you’ve also visited a place like this and made a request.”

Last time I heard you talking about your childhood.

“yes. That’s true but…”

“Okay I only trust you.”

“…?? “Oh I understand!”

Raebin Kim looked even more confused but quickly answered. As expected he is easy to work with because he doesn’t complain.

“good. “Let’s go in.”

We entered an old building that was still lit.

Red letters blow in the wind on illegal road advertisements.

[Woori General Hardware Store]

[Emergency on-site construction available – open 24 hours]

* * *

And the morning is bright.

“Has everyone woke up?”

“good morning…”

“…Why are you coming out of the entrance instead of your room…?”

We returned to the accommodation after 7 o’clock.

There is nothing in particular in my hand. These are just the tools I took with me when I left.

The PD camped out in the yard asks in a puzzled voice.

“Where have you two been?”

Still I sent a text message to the production crew last night saying I was on an adventure so I guess they didn’t report me missing or anything.

I answered putting the shovel back in the yard.

“I tried to go to the carrot field but I got lost.”

“Hahaha!”

Are you happy?

Be very happy. It’s more fun that way.

And after the production crew’s interrogation questions come pouring in from colleagues.

“What did you do bro? Did you eat something delicious with Raebin Kim? “Did you do something fun?”

“no. “I starved.”

“Oh… okay. cheer up.”

Cha Yu-jin passed.

And as he passes by the guys who are still sleeping or have just woken up one guy puts him in a headlock.

Of course it’s a big hit.

“No~ I feel sorry for you. “How can you leave Sejin alone and do this at night like this… sob.”

Let go you bastard.

“There is no such thing as quantity. “I didn’t have a camera so I used a smartphone.”

“With Park Moon-dae’s filming skills didn’t he film it like a professional? “It must be an important scene I’m even more disappointed~”

I am indeed.

“I thought I would get caught if there were a lot of people so that’s it? “I took Ravin because he had a role to play.”

“oh…”

Big Sejin stops crying and grins.

“I’m becoming more and more curious?”

“I’ll deliver it to you before breakfast so gather the kids.”

“hmm?”

I chuckled.

“Because you did a good job. “I have to share it.”

And after a while.

The production crew hears Testa’s sudden announcement that he is going out.

“Everyone you only have 4 coins are you really going to go shopping?”

“yes. “I still want to go.”

“Oh it’s good for us~ Whatever it is Testa’s grandchildren feel the same way!”

Use your tongue well as if it were oiled. I guess they were excited to make fun of us scrambling to buy something.

Anyway we went to the supermarket again in the morning accompanied by the production crew.

As soon as we entered the entrance Liu Chengwu explained in a friendly voice.

“Guys shall we choose everything we want to eat?”

“Yeaaah! great!”

“Okay then… I’ll bring some fruit…!”

The production team was taken aback when they saw the members scattering in perfect order.

“Huh?”

“what?”

And the PD speaks to me in a subdued voice.

“You know that if you get frost in the carrot field it’s theft right? “Are you deducting double the penalty?”

“I said I didn’t do it.”

They seem to suspect that they dug up the carrots and hid them in a corner of the field where surveillance nets could not reach.

Unfortunately that’s not the case.

“Okay~ So this is the end?”

“for a moment.”

“Wow the door is big. “One duck per person?”

When I go to the checkout with a mountain of supermarket items I have selected the manager of the supermarket welcomes me once again.

However what they say is different.

“Well since you’re done give me just one coin…”

“…!!”

“Thank you~”

As Keun Se-jin quickly tries to finish the calculation the production crew shouts in confusion.

“Hahana?”

“Wait a minute.”

“This can’t be like this…?”

“Huh? “It can’t be like this the manager said~ Cheongwoo please calculate!”

“Haha yeah.”

Liu Chengwu handed out the coin and finished the calculation.

Click!

Looking at the amount displayed next to it I think I bought something worth 300000 won. The production cost is sweet.

The PD managed to ask.

“…What did you do?”

“What is it?”

“No what did you do??”

“Why do you keep doing this? Originally residents voluntarily received the price they wanted. “Isn’t that right?”

“…”

Other staff members can be heard holding back laughter around the PD whose mouth is wide open.

I nodded to Raebin Kim telling him not to say anything.

“I’m glad you gave it to me cheaply.”

“I know.”

First complete section 1.

After preparing and eating a huge breakfast I drove the cart again to help the elderly.

“Hey!”

“Cha Yu-jin slow down! speed!”

And this time too enthusiastic and generous coins pour in.

“Take this~ It’s a service for sweeping the yard yesterday~”

“Thank you…!”

“Oh my the young people are having a hard time~ Here! I’m the perfect one! “I put in five.”

“wow! “Father really… good-looking people think differently right?”

I earned 36 coins in just 3 hours.

More than the first day.

The members shrug their shoulders.

“Oh I earned as much as the daily wage on our carrot farm.”

“That’s it. let’s go.”

At this point the PD committed suicide.

“Senior massage chair… don’t you need it?”

“I don’t need it~ It would be great to have that~”

“Ugh!”

The PD can’t stand it anymore and starts spitting out an alien language made up of exclamation points.

If I were to translate it it would be something like ‘You bastards make the game dirty.’ This is an undeserved compliment.

I lowly high-fived the members.

Verse 2 successful.

And around the time of eating Saecham.

I prepared for the last revelation before I went crazy.

“I’m done washing dishes~”

“Let’s get some rest.”

Ryu Cheong-woo quietly unpacks his lucky bag and places it in front of him as if to lie down comfortably among the guys lying on the veranda.

And the production crew who were confused and asking about news about the village suddenly asked the question.

“What on earth…”

The author who was checking his lucky bag just in case soon discovered something.

“Huh?”

“why?”

Then he calls out to the PD passionately and holds out a coin.

“Is this different??”

“…!!”

The production crew begins to murmur. And for a while I ran around and dialed my phone like crazy.

Just then the right news arrives.

“Someone distributed dozens of carrot coins to each house in the morning! “They said it was a special gift…”

“…!”

Oh I got caught.

Although it was already too late.

“…Testa’s grandchildren.”

“yes.”

“Now… they say there are over a thousand carrot coins loose in this town?”

“is it so?”

okay.

If you think that your coin holdings are at the level of the top 10 stable coins wouldn’t it be natural for people’s hearts to return?

“There are about 500 of them in the supermarket too?”

“is it so.”

okay. We negotiated there as well.

-In the future when cameras arrive please allow me to purchase them all with one coin.

Since the cost of the goods is charged to the production team anyway there is nothing to lose.

“Everyone how did this happen??”

“We don’t know either. yes?”

“Okay then.”

PD calls out.

“Mr. Mundae! Mr. Ravine! “What did you do when you left at dawn?”

What are you doing just stick a carrot?

I didn’t go to the field at dawn but I did mine coins.

‘It’s because the mining method is unique.’

So who would make coins in such a sloppy manner as if they were children’s free toys?

Easy to replicate.

“No this…! this! “It’s fake.”

“Is there a problem?”

I tilted my head as I looked at the production crew in astonishment holding the same yellow carrot-patterned coin printed at a hardware store.

“I don’t know. “It looks the same and everything is the same right?”

“Oh it’s exactly the same?”

“…I don’t know the difference either.”

The production crew screams as they are assisted by members with the same name who naturally sympathize with them.

okay.

It’s fun to watch entertainment shows where successful people suffer from unexpected events.

But I don’t think it necessarily needs to be a test.

So… what about a certain entertainment production company that is defrauding the cast who have been on the path to success until now?

Those guys now.

“anyway! Mr. Mundae Mr. Ravin I’m sure you went to the hardware store and ordered something!”

I guess I figured it out now.

“yes.”

“Now Testa’s grandchildren can only use carrot coins. What happened?”

PD shouted excitedly at the tail he had finally caught.

I shrugged.

“Oh they gave it to me for free because they were my fans.”

“…!!”

“who! I work with a fan spirit! “You gave me money right!”

uh. Of course I put it on credit. It’s easy to be a celebrity with a well-known face.

It was a few times more expensive because it was handled by real-time express at night but it was worth every penny.

But I answered without changing my expression.

“Do you have any evidence?”

“Ugh!”

If you’re good at that I’ll grab your back.

And soon the PD changed his target.

“Mr. Ravine!”

“Yes yes?”

“Mr. Ravin you are a good person. Are you condoning lies like this?”

“That…”

Oooh. That’s a good approach.

But I also expected you to do that.

“It’s not a lie.”

“yes…?”

Raebin Kim said with clenched fists.

“And the Carrot Coin… it is a desirable trend that a lot of it goes to everyone.”

“…!!”

“If a problem arises I will provide you with a massage chair at my own expense!”

“yes??”

I already brainwashed him for 2 hours… no I explained it well and convinced him.

“…”

That’s how the production crew sank.

“Mundaemundae buy everything from our mart. “It’s a coin.”

“Wait a minute.”

“Why they say they will get one based on residents’ voluntary pricing.”

“sorry! sorry!”

Even the artist picks up the sketchbook in which he hastily wrote.

[We have a huge production cost and PPL! Please save me!]

Unconditional surrender.

“Healing! “I’ll give you healing!”

“Just this time?”

“Next time too! Next time we’ll take you to the hot springs over there for our Very Healing Full Course! Hot springs!”

In this way the economic disturbance in the Carrot Coin world came to an end due to indiscriminate mass production.

And just at that point the preview for episode 1 was released.
