---
title: "Chapter 362"
category: "book"
index: 361
section: "Chapter 362"
slug: "362"
---

# Chapter 362

———————==

[New Testa entertainment show comes out]

(trailer video)

The combination of Sazza PD and Testa who are famous for always drawing legendary john jams haha.

+I guess I’m going to the countryside!

———————==

It’s 11 o’clock on a weekday night when there are many people watching the live broadcast of something.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan saw the trailer that appeared on TV recently and accessed the Internet and of course there was a lot of discussion about it in the community.

-A combination you can trust

-Wow my grandson is already cuteㅠㅠ

-I guess it’s really healing this time. It’s time for our kids to take a break really.

-I think only real fans will see this

└?? There are a lot of people who like this kind of thing what are you talking about?

└Feeling of hitting

To sum up the response was moderately good as it was a steady-selling country meal content for a production team that created legends every time.

However Kim Rae-bin’s fans knew.

The fact that there is not much aggro means that it is not that hot.

‘This means that only pure people are commenting on this.’

At the time of Hotteok and Desert Island it was so spectacular that it almost turned the Internet bulletin board upside down but now it’s just ordinary.

I sighed.

“Phew.”

He pretended not to be my younger brother and was watching a TV trailer with me when he stabbed my older sister in the back.

“Why are they appearing on a variety show? “Isn’t it good?”

“Oh if you don’t know just shut up.”

This is some kind of signal.

‘Mannerism signal!’

There was no jealousy or anger. I just thought this way.

‘Is it time for that?… ’

Kim Rae-bin’s fans were feeling a little bit upset.

As a freelancer and a beginner in society she slowly began to compromise her personality with social life and so she felt a similar sentiment in Deokjil.

‘Now that I have completed my annual leave and won the grand prize I want to do something comfortable.’

okay. Everyone said they were feeling sick and we started looking into it after a few days of rest. Isn’t the title performance of this activity already crazy?

‘How can the eye color not be Dongtae?’

In the past I would have run amok and said things like ‘Get my favorite like a medieval rabbit out of the crowd of bastards who have lost their original intention’ but not anymore.

‘Okay… they’re human too so what can we do about burnout?’

All you have to do is not show off in front of the camera. The stage is still crazy and I take good care of myself.

‘Even if they fight they seem to make up quickly.’

It seemed like Moon-Dae Park and Se-Jin Lee had a fight during a concert in Japan not long ago but judging from the fact that it didn’t come to light right away their professionalism is still there.

She stopped while recalling the timeline of her secret account which was briefly speculated about behind the scenes.

My younger brother got irritated.

“Hey so you’re not going to see it?”

“I’ll see!”

Overall I’m a little disappointed but I’m hoping for a natural disaster reversal like the uninhabited island.

‘Well anyway what kind of spectacle is it in the countryside? Sun Ah-hyun will set the kitchen on fire… ’

Still since that PD had such an impressive track record she decided not to judge it hastily.

And the day episode 1 aired.

She is a little embarrassed.

“…hmm.”

Surprisingly… fun huh?

At the beginning the production team gathered testers during the meeting and cried out for healing.

Of course Testa didn’t believe it.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hmm… it’s scary.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh and we were just… It was actually rural Alaska! Is it like this?]

[Writer\: Not really really!]

In the end tear-soaked subtitles appeared on the fast-forwarded meeting screen due to the long persuasion time.

[I trusted the production team only after hearing that it was okay to sue Testa…]

“greatness!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fans almost laughed too.

– Hahahahahahahahahahaha

-Even if I am a tester then

-Karma is back hahahaha

The amount of time spent on self-reflection by the production team continues in a funny way.

[Youngest Writer\: Mr. Mundae’s doubts and worries until the very end…]

[PD\: Our sins are deep. really.]

And in strong contrast to that gloomy and satirical scene… Testa’s first day of filming.

[Testa\: Waaagh!]

The bus scene which exploded with excitement on a sunny day finally began.

[The persuasion effect was amazing!]

[These people were really excited…]

On the screen Testa was having fun on the bus singing looking at the scenery and playing games.

[Trance]

[Bae Se-jin\: Don’t unfasten your seat belt because it’s dangerous!]

[Lee Se-jin\: That’s right that’s right everyone stay in your place and enjoy it~]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Yay!]!

[True untact ballroom]

[~So excited~]

Testa who was obsessed with the healing keyword was completely immersed in the outing and his tension rose.

[Lee Se-jin\: Rest area! Let’s eat algamja at the rest area!]

[Park Moon-dae\: I have cash.]

[cheers]

In short it seemed more exciting than I imagined.

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-The kids let go of themselves? LOL

-What should I do? I’m so excited that I can actually play this time haha ㅠㅠㅠ

-This is the first observational entertainment show where the cast is so eager to enjoy themselves.

Even though Testa arrived at the accommodation with the same momentum he started moving amidst the buzz of cameras as soon as the production crew gave him instructions.

[Cha Yujin\: It’s warm!]

[Raebin Kim\: Don’t lie down right after eating!]

It was fun to see them lying down in a yellow-floored room or seeing them having fun looking at coins that looked like toys as they were full of energy.

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh my~ Do you want to go with your brother? Shall we go together?]

And the excitement reached its peak when the dog was brought along.

[Mungge / 3 months of life]

[Park Moon-dae\: (fidgeting)]

[Contemplating if he is my younger brother↑]

The baby pet effect was enormous. I cried in every social media post.

-Ahhhhhh

-Do you think Mundaengdaeng has a younger brother?ㅠㅠㅠ

-Wow… I can’t believe this two-shot is complete.

-Two Sigorjab baby Baekgu glutinous rice cakes!! Two!!

“crazy…”

Even Kim Rae-bin’s fans opened their mouths.

‘If you have the same hair color as Park Moon-dae this… ’

Even if you don’t look at it every account that creates edited memes is probably pouring out captures.

[Hello Testa brothers (front soles)]

Moreover the sight of seven grown adults cuddling a small puppy and making a fuss not knowing what to do was even funny.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Please give me more sweet potatoes!]

[Park Moon-dae\: What are you talking about? If you eat more you will become a pig.]

[But the hand is honest]

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Why are you naturally tying Eugene to the dog and treating him like that?

-Everyone has really strong characters.

The dog became bloated after eating all kinds of homemade snacks. Cha Yu-jin also benefited.

She continued watching the entertainment show as if fascinated.

The production crew did a good job filming the scenes and bringing out the changes and narratives of each tester in a cute way.

For example Raebin Kim did not initially stand out among the residents’ welcome picks.

‘It’s an award for the best defeat at a meeting ceremony.’

That’s right. It was because of the sharp decadent look and piercings. However as time passed awareness rapidly increased.

[Kim Rae-bin\: Here it is!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Then take this!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: I will do it!]

[(Firecracker) Sun Tzu a worker of the era (Firecracker)]

This is because the polite and pure attitude and attire were so natural.

It was a vibe unique to someone who had lived like that since childhood.

Later the residents even secretly gave them snacks which was broadcast openly.

[Resident\: Oh I think he does the best job! Just eat well~]

[Resident\: Uh… can you eat one of these?]

[Raebin Kim\: Thank you! thank you for this food! If you need anything to do please feel free to call me.]

Isn’t an idol with both rawness and nerdiness a dream combination?’

She nodded saying that the combination of the countryside and Kim Rae-bin would definitely produce memes.

Each character has a clear outline so just Tiki Taka is full of content.

Testa helps out elderly people whom he doesn’t know shows jokes rides his bike across the rice fields and carries groceries.

[Park Moon-dae\: Bro what leg has an engine on it?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hahaha!]

Overall for the fans it couldn’t have been better than this.

‘It’s surprisingly okay even if you don’t have a purpose… ’

Testa who had been together for a few years now knew how to talk well and lead the program without feeling awkward even if they were left alone.

As a result it seemed good for ordinary viewers to watch without stress.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: The weather is really nice. yes?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes.]

This is because electronic devices were not displayed well on the screen and the unique sensibility of the rural space gave me a strange feeling of old youth.

Although it lacked unique features like previous entertainment shows the name Testa was valuable enough to become a feature so the viewership ratings did not seem to be bad.

‘I don’t think the ratings will fail and the popularity won’t win…?’

From Sun Ah-hyun who almost starts a fire while trying to barbecue in the yard to Bae Se-jin who throws a book into the ridge of a rice field and screams without screaming. The comedy was also done very well.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Fire! fire! Fire!]

[Bae Se-jin\: There’s meat don’t throw sand! turn off! Just turn it off!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Gyaaaaa!]

Beep!

[※Adjusting screen※]

[It took seven adults an hour to extinguish the fire.]

There were some humorous elements coming from idols who are not used to this kind of life.

‘It has its own pace.’

Even touching at the end.

[Lee Se-jin\: It smells good.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes.]

Testa who finished the delivery and ate ice cream while lying in the pavilion was all smiles.

A comfortable bare face that is shown regardless of the busy and hectic schedule.

When I thought about the fact that I had stopped working for a while due to body pain even people like me felt a little sad.

“Hey the dog is in trouble.”

“shut up.”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan gave her younger brother a reprimand and tried to focus on the screen again.

It was that moment.

[??? \: Waaagh!!]

“…?!”

Suddenly red-hot subtitles appear covering the faint scenery of the pavilion.

And the cheers and screams of many people shake the screen.

[??? \: Done!! That’s it!!]

[??? \: Hmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk]

And the black screen appears for a moment… then brightens again.

The production crew gathers in the yard and applauds.

“…??”

“what.”

And subtitles again.

[Why is the production team so happy?]

[Are you curious?]

That’s right.

[To be released next week.]

“hey!”

And then an advertisement played.

“Hey what just happened?”

“I don’t know either!”

It’s been a long time since I was this excited about this commercial break!

‘go away!’

And fortunately the screen came back soon. And the trailer aired normally.

[The University of Arts says we should educate ourselves?]

[Great approval!]

This is Testa enjoying continuous healing.

However a vague reminiscent OST from a famous drama was used as BGM.

[It was good back then~♪]

Even the screen changes to a sepia color like a flashback to the past.

It was a very blatant… preview of a modification.

* * *

Episode 1 was aired.

And I was embarrassed.

‘Why… is there such a positive response?’

No I thought it would be good but I had no idea it would be so well received by the public.

‘I thought it would run a bit even though it sounded like fun.’

Thanks to the magic of editing episode 1 made good use of contrasting atmospheres and came out cleanly and without being boring.

Of course it was a good thing but there were some side effects.

-Ah what on earth did the production crew do?

-It’s funny but sad. Please don’t do anything too bad. Kids like it like that haha.

-I’m afraid of next week

-I’m going crazy. It looks like I’m going to hit a goal lol.

-I think it would have been better if it went on like this. What if the kids have a hard time?

Episode 1 was chosen so well that even people reacted with a bit of discomfort at the change in atmosphere.

Thanks to this the production crew seems to be in a bit of a state of emergency.

‘Do you regret stabbing yourself in the back for no reason?’

That won’t be it.

To be honest the progress is fast and it’s only one episode so it’s edited with great care but I get sick of Healing quickly.

But now that I look at it I wonder if the production staff would have switched back to the healing code at the last minute without me having to do it.

Because it turned out that demand was good.

‘Well… but if the result is the same anyway wouldn’t the one with more twists and turns be more fun?’

The production team is also thankful. I shrugged my shoulders.

At that time Bae Se-jin who was watching the reaction next to him opened his mouth.

“Our filming… until today.”

Oh that’s it.

“yes. Now we have to withdraw quickly. “If they find out where it is people might flock and cause chaos in the neighborhood.”

“…yes.”

The guy nodded with a serious face.

“But… this was pretty good too.”

“Sure.”

In the second half it was filled with the story of making a lot of food and inviting people to have a party but it was fun to see the production crew suffering because they spent a lot of money.

‘Of course we will sort out the money issue in the end.’

I was satisfied when it was over because I felt like it showed a variety of tastes. I nodded.

“But there’s one thing that hasn’t been revealed yet.”

“hmm?”

Bae Se-jin frowned and muttered.

“In the end who was the culprit who took the carrot coin? “That’s why all of this happened in the first place.”

Oh are you paying attention to that?

‘I left it behind on purpose.’

After confirming that the camera was not there because it was replacing data I answered quietly.

“It’s obvious. “He must have been an insider.”

“…!”

A look of embarrassment appears on Bae Se-jin’s face.

“He… he’s among us!?”

“yes.”

I muttered quietly.

“It wouldn’t be fun if it were someone else. Because it has to be among us the plot is good and the twists are impactful. “He must be among us.”

Bae Se-jin listened with a blank expression and immediately seemed to understand.

And suddenly he asked with a nervous look on his face.

“…Are you saying this because you thought it was me? “Because we need that acting ability.”

That must have been so.

“no. “I don’t think you are my brother.”

“why??”

Why are you so upset when you say no?

“My brother was so calm.”

“…?!”

If Bae Se-jin had been the culprit he would have reacted calmly and with common sense.

It’s definitely not true to see him being overly immersed in his usual out-of-focus seriousness.

“Actually there is a suspicious person.”

“who?”

I turned my head and looked at the guy outside the room.

‘Is it really him?’

Big Sejin.

The guy who still looks happy is showing off his energetic side.

He has good acting skills good split-second judgment and good social skills. He is the perfect person to outwit a spy.

In fact this was the main reason why I didn’t take that guy with me when duplicating the coin.

‘Because if I stab the production crew it’s over.’

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth as if he noticed my gaze.

“Ise…”

“It’s just a suspicion. “Let’s figure it out and end it among ourselves.”

“Hmm. “Okay okay.”

I decided to stop there.

Since I’m a guy who likes length so much it would be better to save it for the last bit of back-and-forth that will appear on the air.

That’s definitely what I thought at the time.
