---
title: "Chapter 363"
category: "book"
index: 362
section: "Chapter 363"
slug: "363"
---

# Chapter 363

next week.

The details of how we were stabbed by the production team were only revealed in the second half of episode 2.

‘I guess so.’

It was scheduled to be 5 episodes but if all the coins were used up from the beginning of episode 2 the length would not be balanced.

Thanks to this the impact of the stabbing scene became stronger after the peaceful healing.

The moment Testa smiles happily and opens the penalty note.

[Kim Rae-bin\: This morning an unidentified night guest came in… and stole all of Testa’s precious ‘Carrot Coins’?]

[!!!!]

…I caught them all in close-up one by one as the coins were being stolen and the smiles disappearing from their faces.

Real-time reactions explode.

-Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst

-Look at the kids’ expressions.

-Don’t put a surprised lump behind Mundae’s faceㅋㅋㅠㅠㅠ

-No the production crew seems to be having a blast haha.

…And with the typing effect the plan is reorganized from the production team’s perspective.

[Full story of the incident]

[40 days ago]

The production team sitting around the table is having a serious conversation.

[PD\: No they suffered too much! I definitely (turn on) the light in my eyes so as not to get hurt again]

[Lee Writer\: That’s right.]

[Writer Park\: Shouldn’t we approach it very structurally and delicately?]

[Similar to a wild animal capture team]

These guys were so determined to film all of this.

“Wow.”

“You said you did it like that?”

Laughing as if it’s absurd comes out here and there. Everyone is watching at the same time while moving in the car.

Anyway the production crew on screen continue their briefing laughing among themselves and accompanied by exciting BGM.

[PD\: First let’s look at the members with average vigilance.]

And subtitles appear like a mission manual.

[Difficulty ★★]

[Sun Ah-hyeon and Bae Se-jin]

[Features / Once you fool them they easily get away with it]

“I?!”

“Uhmmm…”

“Hehehehe.”

Calm laughter spreads at Bae Se-jin’s embarrassment and Sun Ah-hyeon’s embarrassment.

[PD\: Here you only have to logically convince them once.]

[Writer Park\: That’s right. They are such nice people (it is possible).]

[This writer\: Morality is morality.]

And then comes the statement.

[PD\: No let’s just… tell them to sue if they get stabbed in the back.]

[LOL]

And at the meeting the writers continue to make accusations.

“…!”

[It worked well.^^]

“Uuuuuu…!”

For a moment the two of them blush with betrayal and then the screen moves on to the next batter.

[Difficulty ★★★]

[Ryu Cheong-woo]

[Features / Not noticeable]

“haha.”

Liu Qingyu smiled shyly as he saw a collection of his gentle expressions passing by on the screen.

[Writer Park\: A little… There’s no need to fake it~ You can just create an atmosphere like this right?]

[Writer Lee\: Even if you don’t believe it it’s okay because you don’t show it (?)]

It was edited as if it was random but surprisingly it gets right to the point.

[Difficulty ★★★★?]

[Cha Yujin]

[Features / Incomprehensible American Sonja]

[Lee Writer\: I really don’t know… but this is a scam and you wouldn’t care right?]

[PD\: Okay]

[And Cha Yu-jin really didn’t care…]

On the screen Cha Yu-jin’s bright collection of eating and driving passes by. It looks like he’s busy just enjoying what he’s doing.

‘It’s consistent.’

I looked at the real-time reaction filled with ‘ㅋ’ again and then looked at the screen again.

Five stars appeared.

[Difficulty ★★★★★]

[Lee Se-jin]

[Writer Park\: It seems like you already know everything.]

[(lol)]

[PD\: No aren’t you just waiting for us to stab you in the back? [He’s a friend who knows entertainment.]

[Writer Lee\: Still I have to fake it. If you unconditionally pick him up he will definitely be someone who will be active in healing.]

It was correct. These guys have surprisingly good analytical skills.

[Characteristics / Sincerity in entertainment]

On the screen a cut scene showed Lee Se-jin’s face enjoying the healing entertainment 200%.

“Handsome~”

‘hmm.’

I slept on my chin. In my case I pulled out enough pieces…

‘Will it pass like this?’

It wasn’t.

A red star rating appears again on the screen.

[Difficulty ★★★★★]

[Difficulty ★★★★★ + ★!]

And the text appears with the effect of being hit.

no way.

[Park Moon Dae]

“…!”

“Hahaha!”

Let’s ignore it.

The screen excitedly pours out subtitles again.

[AKA Tibetan University Mundaeng]

[Characteristics / Always suspicious of the production crew’s tricks]

[PD\: I think it’s almost instinct.]

[Author\: Is it because it’s a dog? My nose is really like a dog’s nose (hahaha)]

…What follows is a roughly edited version of me asking about the production team’s tricks.

[Park Moon-dae\: The bus destination is definitely a rural home right?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Didn’t you lend me a coin?

[Park Moon-dae\: Betting on production costs…]

[doubt]

[suspicion]

[I absolutely do not believe it…!]

“Hahaha!”

“Park Moon-dae’s expression…!”

“…”

Even though it went through CG and editing I wouldn’t have looked at it with such blatant suspicion.

[Never deceive. certainly…!]

Anyway the magnificent BGM ends with the production team making a decision. The screen also cut out once.

Then a strange sound comes from around you.

“What about Ravin?”

“Then why is it Ravin…”

And then the next scene appears with some trivial BGM.

[supplement]

[Difficulty ★]

[Kim Rae-bin]

“…!”

[PD\: I really like Mr. Ravin.]

[Writer Park\: Me too.]

[Lee writer\: A character that is a bit like every entertainment producer’s dream.]

On the screen there are numerous cuts of Kim Rae-bin trying to figure things out on his own with a question mark on his head.

“Haha!”

“Oh my.”

“…”

I glanced to the side. Kim Rae-bin’s pupils are shaking again. Let’s pretend we didn’t see it.

[Thank you Mr. Ravin by all members of the production team]

Anyway after that the content of episode 1 was reorganized from the production team’s perspective and a lot of thriller-like humor broke out.

[Eye of suspicion]

[Lee Writer\: It won’t work. Mr. Moon Dae and Mr. Sejin are still (doubting)]

[Youngest Writer\: !! Director! That puppy at the director’s house!]

[Decided to supply fellow countrymen]

And when it was finally caught the production crew hugged and shouted as if they had scored a goal in the World Cup.

[Aaaah!!↗ (joy)]

[This is how it happened. ^^]

“Hey people really.”

Even looking at it again it’s still disgusting.

Afterwards the sight of Testa suffering from crazy prices in various places and eventually being dragged into a vast carrot field and stretched out was nothing short of black comedy.

-I’m scared of fraud like this.

-Do not coin

– Hahahahahahaha

It is clear that people are saddened by the rapid change in pace and atmosphere but are also having fun.

And here’s an exquisite trailer.

This is Raebin Kim holding a shovel at night.

-???

-What is it?

-Why Gapbun Thriller

The dialogue is also exquisite.

[Kim Rae-bin\: I’m going…]

[Kwakwang!]

After the inserted thunder and lightning the program ends with lively BGM.

So the stark contrast stands out even more.

-No hahaha

-Ughhhhh

-I asked what it was lol.

-Could it be that I am going to be with the Lord?

-It looks like the production crew is leaving.

“Kim Rae-bin’s face is strange!”

“It’s probably because of the lighting Ravin…”

“I’m fine…”

I looked at Kim Rae-bin whose face turned red and laid her head down on the sofa and shook my head.

‘Aggro they’re coming… ’

Anyway for the past few days people have been screaming and making funny guesses because Kim Rae-bin looked like he was going to bury someone.

And next it was another few days before common sense speculation emerged.

-Isn’t it overtime? Working overtime digging carrots haha

-I guess it’s true the kids must have had a hard time…

But it was neither.

‘You’re finally here.’

[Park Moon-dae\: (I can’t stand it.)]

The reconstructed replica of me and Kim Rae-bin’s midnight getaway coin was finally broadcast next week.

And the viewer reaction exploded.

-Park Moon-dae ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋ

-I’m glad you’re an idol I’m glad

-Forge Punch of Justice

-Someone save Ravin he was caught lol.

But why am I a fool and Raebin Kim a victim of fraud?

-No Park Moon-dae took good pictures with a professional camera. It’s even funnier because it doesn’t shake. He looks like a professional forger.

-Revolution 〈- Mundaengdaeng Since when was counterfeiting currency a revolution?

-They told me to stop synthesizing it haha.

This is confirmed. My entertainment image has become that of a completely strange person. To put it bluntly he is crazy.

I held back a sigh.

‘Still I’m glad he’s not a bad guy.’

This has been familiar since the time of Azusa. I decided to calmly accept this distortion.

‘The production team also made some sacrifices.’

Image-wise.

Because the production team thoroughly edited themselves into an obnoxious position they actually received some criticism before this episode.

And in this episode Testa turned the tide of the war providing tremendous catharsis.

‘Thank you for that.’

It was an edit that captured both Testa’s topicality and image.

‘The counterattack was also successful.’

I nodded wondering if it would be okay for us to do this together next time.

…and after a satirical gag parody edited like a drama trailer called ‘Animal Farm with Coins’ became popular on social media.

After episode 4 we return to healing… Finally the last episode.

We gathered in the living room again.

“It’s been a long time since we gathered together like this to watch TV.”

“Really~ It’s a bit difficult because of the time difference but… it’s fun right?”

“Make the sound louder!”

This is because there was a suggestion from the production team to film a reaction video for episode 5 and use it as content for WeTube.

There’s probably one reason.

‘There’s another twist.’

There is only one thing left unresolved so there is nothing to think about. Won’t it come out about who stole the carrot coin?

And there is someone who already guesses who the culprit is.

“hmm? “Mundaemun University why~?”

“no.”

I put my head back and started watching TV.

The first and middle parts of the show were edited to make it embarrassingly cute showing them performing and joking around in front of seniors.

Our average is in the mid-20s so I don’t know if it’s okay to be like this but the important thing anyway is the following.

The moment we boarded the bus to return.

[PD\: But you guys didn’t catch the culprit in the end?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Haha that’s right. Are you going to fool me and tell me now?]

[PD\: Sorry.]

Unlike the producer’s exaggeratedly servile voice meaningful subtitles appear.

[indeed…?]

What switches is again a meeting scene of the production team.

I nodded.

‘It’s time to come out.’

And I waited for the big Sejin to appear…

[PD\: First of all excluding Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin.]

[Writer Park\: People who are too perceptive are a bit like that. It has to be unexpected so people won’t be suspicious.]

“…?”

[Writer Lee\: No wait a minute wouldn’t anyone suspect Mr. Ravin?]

[!!!!]

And after a moment of silence.

The viewpoint on the screen changes.

It’s Kim Rae-bin… standing with the production crew.

[The day the carrot coin was stolen]

[PD\: Mr. Ravin is the culprit.]

[Raebin Kim\: Yes??]

[PD\: No Mr. Ravin picked the note where the coin disappeared. So of course Mr. Ravin is the culprit!]

[Kim Rae-bin\:…!!]

Subtitles pour out behind Kim Rae-bin’s face which looks like its eyes are about to pop out.

[PD\: And think about it. Mr. Ravin what did you do last night? You gave us a lucky bag right?]

[PD\: What is that? That’s right the coin was moved!]

And then a flashback scene enters. A situation right before falling asleep where camera data is briefly exchanged.

[Writer Lee\: Let’s check our props~ Sorry Mr. Ravin that too!]

[Raebin Kim\: Yes!]

And Kim Rae-bin handed over the bag containing the carrot coins to the production crew without hesitation.

“…”

I can’t believe you used that method.

‘It’s so plausible that it makes no sense.’

It’s just a scam.

Bae Se-jin’s lips tremble.

“You you…!”

“sorry! “I didn’t even know!”

Yes it looks like that just by looking at it.

‘Is that why you blamed yourself so much… ’

Coincidentally every time the story about stolen coins comes up a collection of cuts of Kim Rae-bin shaking and shaking in a cold sweat passes by on the screen.

[Park Moon-dae\: If we catch the criminal we should hand it over to the police.]

[Kim Rae-bin\: That’s right… that’s right.]

[Culprit ↑]

It was pathetically funny.

It seems like everyone is like that.

-Rabbit that gave carrot coins

-ㅅㅂ The production team is a completely evil bunch. What should we do with our medieval rabbit?

-Why rob Raebin Kim because you have nothing to rob?

And anyway Raebin Kim tried to refute.

[Kim Rae-bin\: I will turn myself in!]

[PD\: Wait!]

Of course this seems to be what the production team expected.

[PD\: If you get caught now your coins will just evaporate!]

[Raebin Kim\: !!]

[PD\: But if you don’t get caught until the end!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Otherwise…?]

The PD cheerfully shouted to Kim Rae-bin who was already possessed again.

[PD\: All coins in this town will be doubled and donated to the town hall! With a massage chair!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Huh.]

[PD\: Mr. Ravin is a righteous enemy! Phantom thief of justice!]

[Remarks of conversion]

And Kim Rae-bin whose movements have stopped is gradually brought into closer-up.

“…”

“…no way.”

No way they caught someone.

[Kim Rae-bin\: Ah I understand!]

“Ugh!”

“also!”

“sorry!”

Kim Rae-bin on the screen eventually clenched her fists and answered the production crew.

And large subtitles appear like a sentence.

[Medieval Rabbit a phantom thief who steals carrot coins goes out]

[Lee Writer\: I will make you a complete accomplice by giving you a mission to steal coins again.]

[LOL]

[I thought the perfect crime was committed like that…]

It was smashed.

It was Raebin Kim who went to the hardware store at night and showed me in detail how to use it and how to receive it.

[????]

[PD\: Mr. Ravin why would you open it?]

[Embarrassed production crew]

In the end the production team even secretly calls Raebin Kim in an emergency.

[PD\: No but why is Mr. Ravin helping with that? Are you saying Mr. Ravin is a phantom thief?]

Raebin Kim answered with his eyes shining seriously.

[Kim Rae-bin\: Because he was a thief he was able to commit the illegal act of producing coins!]

[PD\: Wait a minute.]

[Raebin Kim\: As the amount of coins increases the amount to give to the village hall also increases so I think this is the right direction.]

[PD\:…]

A stamp is placed over the PD’s face with his mouth open.

[conclusion]

[Makes people who wouldn’t normally move move]

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Earn self-employment

-Karma shot hahahaha

-If you keep going like this for a moment it turns out that Park Moon-dae influenced the culprit through brainwashing so he’s backtracking and catching rats haha.

Viewers are delighted by the despair of the production team.

And I looked down at Raebin Kim sitting on the floor.

“sorry! brother! “I didn’t mean to deceive you but they said all my coins would evaporate if I got caught so I had no choice but to…”

“okay.”

I just laughed.

‘You tried hard.’

It must have been a bit of a struggle to do that with this guy’s personality. Thanks to that I had fun getting selected.

One thing… takes a while.

‘…It wasn’t a big strike.’

I want to make the fact that I opened my mouth to Bae Se-jin something that never happened. Fuck you.

Anyway I hit Raebin Kim on the shoulder.

“good job.”

“yes!”

Raebin Kim barely straightened his expression and answered brightly. Bright content is unfolding on the screen again.

[Thank you for your hard work Mr. Ravin~]

But no one reacts to it other than me.

“…?”

Looking around the faces of the others except Cha Yu-jin are still shaken. No… I’m more embarrassed than nervous.

‘what.’

They’re not like this.

The moment I opened my mouth out of curiosity the BGM on the screen disappeared again as if I was being sucked in.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Yes! But…]

[BUT]

[\: but]

[Used when the preceding and following contents are contradictory]

“…??”

[Did you all enjoy it?]

[It’s not over.]

[3]

[2]

[1]

And the PD’s voice is heard from the black screen.

[PD\: But it doesn’t have to be just one person right?]

“…!!”

what…?

[Full story of the incident 2]

Subtitles appear and a fixed camera close-up appears.

And five different faces captured by the same camera.

[Bae Se-jin\: Oh I understand.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\:…! Then… did I steal it?]

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh~ It’s fun it’s fun!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: So we must not find out who stole the coin.]

[Cha Yujin\: OK.]

Everyone received the cards with an ‘I understand’ look on their faces as if they had received a very important mission.

And the contents of the card.

[You are a phantom thief spy!]

“…”

Hey wait a minute.
