---
title: "Chapter 364"
category: "book"
index: 363
section: "Chapter 364"
slug: "364"
---

# Chapter 364

I turned my head.

Everyone next to me is either sweating coldly or with their mouths wide open.

I turned my head again and looked at TV.

On the screen the images of each person receiving secret orders moving one by one are edited in succession.

[Am I a phantom thief?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: If you don’t get caught until you leave the village you will succeed…]

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh it’s easy. Anyway no one saw what I stole yesterday and I didn’t know right?]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Umm yes. I will work hard…!]

And subtitles appear on the black screen.

[no one]

[I never said you stole the carrot coin…]

Viewers burst into laughter.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-??????

-So the real culprit is Kim Rae-bin but he made everyone think it was him? Hahahahahahahaha

-Wow you really look like a devil haha.

-The professor’s progress is too fast.

The living room is dead quiet except for the sound of the TV. However the producer’s voice on TV is as lively as a devil.

[Bae Se-jin\: But I didn’t do anything last night… I don’t know how the coin was stolen.]

[PD\: If you can guess how the criminal stole it last night a bigger prize is waiting for you~]

[Bae Se-jin\: Oh as expected…!]

[LOL]

The exaggerated editing clearly shows the writers and producers shaking their heads as quietly as possible with their heads down.

However those who were given an important role were unable to check it because they were busy reading the note.

[Phantom Thief Spy of Justice (Fake)]

[Individual exhibition begins!]

Lee Se-jin squinted at the camera.

[Lee Se-jin\: Ugh~ It’s our members’ entertainment show so please watch it!]

puck.

The real-life Lee Se-jin silently slams her fist into her thigh. The person with the same name is also clenching his fist. No one stopped me.

[A breathtaking battle of wits]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Since I have the thread should I make something and see if anyone knows it?]

[↑ A person pricked by conscience]

[Bae Se-jin\: It’s true that you are great… but isn’t catching the criminal more important than that? The production team also said so and told them to catch it openly.]

[↑ A person who is good at acting]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Even if it hurts if you get hurt…]

[↑ Imagining myself being harmed]

Subtitles with arrows float around providing additional explanations and viewers are in awe.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: (coldly) That’s not possible.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: (Cold 2) Yes. It could be dangerous…]

[Lee Se-jin\: (Cold 3) That’s right. It could be dangerous.]

[An opinion that somehow fits well]

And then I appear on the screen alone with a question mark on my head.

[Park Moon-dae\: (Is that so…?)]

[↑ People who don’t know what’s going on]

this…

– Hahahahahahahahaha

-Why don’t you just tell me the door handle you production crew bastards hahahahahahahahaha

-Oh I feel sorry for you haha.

“…”

Unlike real-time chat with viewers who are crawling around not a single sound of laughter can be heard in the living room.

I shook my head. The surroundings are shaking.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: First let’s help out and earn coins. Let’s take a look and see who might be the thief. There will definitely be a hint.]

[Raebin Kim\: (Relieved) It’s a good… wise… decision.]

[The big picture each person draws]

On screen they move desperately to avoid being discovered that they are reckless criminals.

[Lee Se-jin\: Isn’t there a culprit among the houses we went to work on the first day?]

[Kim Rae-bin\:… Indeed!]

[Bae Se-jin\: It’s an idea worth considering.]

Lee Se-jin continues to make plausible but incorrect guesses about the culprit. Naturally it was passed with enthusiastic support.

An interview with the smiling guy is inserted.

[Lee Se-jin\: I’m also good at this kind of thing.]

“Ugh.”

Now the big Sejin in the living room can’t raise his head.

And the next person to be seen on camera is Ryu Cheong-woo.

[Park Moon-dae\: I’m thinking of going to the village hall.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Oh of course we should go together.]

[↑ Thoughts on surveillance]

“It wasn’t surveillance it was really just trying to help.”

A panicked voice echoed through the living room but no one responded.

This is because Sun Ah-hyeon on screen was surprised when people around her inferred the culprit and set fire to the meat.

[Fire… is it catching fire?]

[??? \: Ahhh!]

We even arranged an interview at night.

[Q. Was it intended to cause confusion?]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: No…]

Sun Ah-hyun covered her face with both hands and lowered her head. Sun Ah-hyun in real life also has a similar pose.

It was a mess.

‘…therefore.’

I suppressed my anger and came to a difficult conclusion.

‘All these kids thought they were the only culprits.’

That’s why I can’t raise my head right now out of shame.

No but I’m the most embarrassed person right now. These bastards made me feel like I was being cheated. Why did I…

‘for a moment.’

Now I see a guy with a normal face.

‘Cha Yujin.’

Suddenly an explanation appears on the screen.

[And this person…]

[American Grandson]

On the screen Cha Yu-jin is standing with the camera around the production team with a sullen face no different from the one in the living room.

And then he says it right away.

[Cha Yujin\: Hey I know.]

[PD\: Yes?]

[Cha Yu-jin\: There are many criminals other than me! I’m not the culprit. The PD and writer lied to me.]

[!!!!]

This bastard…

“Don’t you know everything? “I knew.”

“…!!”

“How??”

“Everyone doesn’t want to find the culprit. And I work very hard. “It’s because of conscience!”

This guy didn’t know… I didn’t know.

[The production crew became desperate]

[PD\: If you don’t say it it’s meat!]

[PD\: Pretending to be a product! I’ll give you Korean beef!]

A screen with a slow effect. Cha Yu-jin slowly opens her mouth.

[Cha Yujin\: Good!]

[be easy…!]

“hey!!”

There was an uproar on both sides.

“You sold us for meat!”

“I didn’t sell it! “We ate together!”

“I could have bought that meat with my own money…!”

It was the moment when Bae Se-jin shouted angrily from the other side of the sofa.

[MVP selected by the production team]

[Bae Se-jin]

[↑ Luxury actor]

“Cough.”

Bae Se-jin heard the news.

[Q. Ready to become a spy?]

[Bae Se-jin\:… First of all I plan to construct my own character well… and act out how I would have acted if this had not happened.]

The subtitles stick like a scab on Bae Se-jin’s serious face.

[I play myself…!]

“Big.”

And Bae Se-jin’s exquisite speed control and immersive acting spread through the air with half admiration and half editing.

[Bae Se-jin\: We have to catch the culprit first… Of course eating is also important!]

[Bae Se-jin\: If you have a conscience you should surrender now!]

[This person… is he really acting?]

[And the first crisis to come]

crisis?

At that moment the screen switches again.

The camera screen which was slightly shaken and out of level was of low quality. It seemed like someone was barely taking pictures with a smartphone somewhere.

What is shown is… Bae Se-jin and the back of Heo Yeon’s head…

no way.

[Bae Se-jin\: Who was the culprit who ultimately took the carrot coin? That’s why all of this happened in the first place.]

The white head peeking out from the side can be seen splitting the mouth.

Fuck me.

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s obvious. He must have been an insider.]

The subtitles make a fuss.

[!!!!]

[no way…?]

Saliva dries up in the mouth.

-Big hit!

-Could it be that Park Moon-dae noticed??

Stop guessing really…

[Bae Se-jin\: He… is among us?]

[Nervous]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes.]

Then Heo-yeon’s head on the screen says something plausible a few times and Bae Se-jin asks ‘that’ question.

[Bae Se-jin\:… Are you saying this because you thought it was me? Because I need that acting ability.]

[Self-destruction…?]

Fuck you!

I lowered my head. However the cub on TV continues to flutter.

[Park Moon-dae\: No. I don’t think he’s my brother.]

Shut up you stupid bastard!

[Park Moon-dae\: (Confidence) He was so calm.]

[LOL]

-1 puppy lol.

-Gaeko malfunction

-Bae Sejin being relieved is so funny hahahahaha

-Park Moon-dae seems to be wearing a blanket.

The subtitles explode. Viewers are extremely happy.

Meanwhile the guy on TV doesn’t close his mouth.

[Park Moon-dae\: Actually there is a suspicious person.]

don’t do it!

[!Nominate Lee Se-jin!]

[kyung! (Congratulations on 1/6 correct answer) Congratulations!]

“…”

“Park Moon-dae…”

…Subtitles play again on the screen where the firework effect explodes.

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s just a suspicion. Let’s figure it out among ourselves and end it.]

[Incredibly smart]

You bastards.

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae! Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae! Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae! Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae! Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae! Entertainment fairy Park Moon-dae!

“No I’m afraid I might have been caught too…”

“…”

“Sorry! No because it’s a broadcast… But I never thought that would be filmed! “I really didn’t know!”

“…”

“I wasn’t that happy doing this either…!”

However on the screen after I leave Bae Se-jin stands up from his place and starts shaking a little.

[Perfect Crime Ceremony]

“…”

Bae Se-jin’s voice disappeared. When I turn my head I see a guy with his face on the floor.

Subtitles are appearing again on the black screen.

[Questions that viewers may have thought of here]

[Why was Park Moon-dae excluded?]

Stop it now.

[Full story of the incident 3]

Images of the production team’s meeting begin to appear again. I want to break it.

[Writer Park\: But I’m a little anxious.]

[PD\: What?]

[Writer Park\: Mr. Moon Dae.]

The masked writer speaks seriously.

[Writer Park\: If you give instructions to the criminal for no reason it becomes like giving more hints so doesn’t Mr. Moon-dae notice it? Then it’s a disaster.]

[…]

[…]

[How to deal with 6-star risky actors?]

After a moment of meaningful silence the PD speaks passionately.

[PD\: Then… let’s take it out!]

[Writer Lee\: Yes??]

[PD\: Just take it out! Mr. Moon Dae I especially ask you to become a citizen!]

[LOL]

[Correct answer / Incorrect]

“…”

In contrast to the silent living room the production team’s laughter can be heard on TV.

[Lee Writer\: That’s right that works!]

[PD\: Let’s trick it properly!]

[Writer Park\: Waaaa!]

‘ㅋ’ passes like crazy on the screen and then fireworks explode.

[That’s it.^^]

[????Isn’t Park Moon-dae the only thief????]

[Congratulations on becoming a good citizen Mr. Moon~]

And in quick editing I can see myself being swept away in a daze among the phantom thieves who have been ordered to do so.

“…”

“Mumundae breathe breathe…”

It doesn’t end after all 5 episodes are thrown in. No instead of ending I inserted the popcorn I made at the community center there.

[Citizen Certification Dance]

And as it blurs huge letters appear on top.

[★☆Park Moon-dae’s Truman Show was a great success☆★]

[Production Support\: All testers together]

“…”

“Mundae? “Is it Mundae?”

“Park Moon-dae is out of his mind?!”

These… bastards.

* * *

After the last episode of the Great Disaster.

The entertainment show 〈That House’s Grandson〉 became a hot topic in many ways.

-The Unimaginable Spy (All)

└You missed this (excluding Park Moon-dae)

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk kill me twice

-The production team really has devil-like star quality hahaha.

-You must see the Testa reaction cam. It’s so funny. Park Moon-dae’s facial expression is real haha.

-All the kids are saying to each other ‘Now they’re getting caught’ but Kim Rae-bin went crazy from the moment the sole culprit came out. All 20 minutes were highlighted haha.

And Testa has become a group of brats that has never been seen before in idol history…

Especially me.

I!

‘Fuck you!’

Moreover these clever guys even sent gifts on the day after the last episode creating an atmosphere of reconciliation.

[This is Testa’s family photo (+ photo) taken at a photo studio in town! *^^*]

I will never forget the feeling of defeat I felt when I posted this as a proof post on social media.

Big Se-jin who gave permission to talk for the first time in four days asked awkwardly.

“Are you okay at Mundaemun University? Was it a bit harsh this time? Even if we do it with other people after us…”

“No we will be together again.”

“Oh~ As expected of you…”

“If we work together we will definitely hold on to the production costs and make it difficult.”

“…”

It will be smashed.

“yes! “I have to cooperate unconditionally unconditionally!”

“uh.”

I wiggled my eyebrows when I looked at the group photo in the living room.

I get angry every time I see it but the photo is innocent.

Even an innocent guy was caught.

…a dog.

I looked at the white fur lump.

For your information there were quite a few opinions among the members about bringing that guy in.

-Ah~ If we leave it alone someone will come and steal it really?

-Well since it was on TV there’s a chance that’s not out of the question…

-phew.

However it is difficult to raise it in a dormitory.

‘I have a tour… and I’m away from here too often.’

I don’t know how on earth that bastard raises a dog.

Fortunately a solution came quickly.

-My mother wants to raise me…

-…!

It seemed that Bae Se-jin’s mother was looking into getting a dog and made a decision after seeing Bae Se-jin’s photos text messages and the first episode of a variety show.

-That’s good. Sometimes we can go see it~

-… Uh um. yes.

-…

At that time Bae Se-jin immediately said ‘Lee Se-jin you are coming to my house…?’ It seemed like he would answer but he said he would gladly welcome the visit anyway.

‘If I get a vacation I’d like to talk about it for at least a day.’

It wasn’t a bad idea to bring him to the dorm sometimes.

“…”

Anyway let’s talk about it.

If we were to evaluate it objectively and honestly it was true that the intended purpose of this entertainment was achieved. Not to mention the topicality the viewership ratings were pretty good.

‘The last upset was 7.1%.’

Considering it was a cable it was excellent.

In other words it’s time to open the lid.

‘Let’s check how things are going.’

I checked Mirinae’s situation and opened the status window.
