---
title: "Chapter 365"
category: "book"
index: 364
section: "Chapter 365"
slug: "365"
---

# Chapter 365

First of all Mirinae’s comeback was very successful.

So in terms of aggro.

-Honestly I think I was a bit conscious of Pouti and the feel of the song is similar.

└Eng Banbanji Pouti Paddle no conscience is too much ㅠ

└LOL It was a trendy + intense concept from Mirinae’s debut but it was all bullshit.

-Ah but it really can’t be compared to the talents of idols from Serba Jiri’s Pouti haha.

As expected public opinion heated up because there was a comparison group.

Originally it was more fun if people had a hierarchy that could be measured along the same lines.

Moreover although each group has similar positions their strengths are different so each viewer’s evaluation is bound to be different.

In conclusion there was a lot to talk about.

‘It’s a mess.’

What is certain is that the news of Mirinae’s comeback was clearly imprinted on the public and that the fading interest and interest were rekindled.

‘Noise marketing was done properly.’

Thanks to this Mirinae is rising rapidly on the music charts for the first time in a while.

Although it was no different from the previous song in that it was aimed at the US it seems to have been received like a pop song due to its ‘global friendly’ position similar to Pouty which was a hit in the US.

‘The song itself is good too.’

I shrugged my shoulders after watching the public opinion battle between the two heated up for a while.

‘Testa is completely missing from this edition’s mention.’

Since we came from the same survival field and had the same gender naturally there was no room for us to be mentioned.

And that family’s grandson… Anyway thanks to the entertainment show being established properly Testa’s popularity is burning in other directions.

– Jade floor board sold out (buying position)

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

…The process was a little different from what I expected but I ended up reaching a similar goal. You have to think like that.

Moreover the response from overseas was quite positive.

This is because an agreement was reached from the beginning on a global strategy so T1 handed over the entertainment to Netplus rather than its own OTT service.

And it is said that the grades were good. The production team dared to send a text message directly so I said everything.

-6th place in the Net Plus World TV Show category! Congratulations to all of you testers (smiling emoticon)

-Mr. Moon Dae? Next time I’ll go to a real hot spring. Please accept our apology and loveㅠㅠ (Check the gift)

spa? I don’t believe it. I won’t let this stupid thing get publicized even overseas… Anyway so the game is in balance just as I pictured.

‘And the press play just started.’

Even before the last episode aired

I contacted the company and finished adjusting the timing.

[From double entry on the Testa Billboard to entertainment… Where does the power at home and abroad come from?]

[From Dotify Pie to billboard. How did ‘Daesang Idol’ Testa’s two songs become successful?]

Our activity period has now come to an end.

In a situation where the Billboard rankings are falling well this will naturally settle down without any repercussions.

‘The fans will like it too.’

Thanks to the favorable image gained through explosively influential entertainment now is the best time to spread the news in a gentle manner.

‘good.’

And a few days later.

A status window appears.

[Mission clear!]

[Settlement of compensation…]

I grinned. It’s always nice when things turn out as expected.

Of course it should have been like this but what kind of entertainment show is that…

I sighed briefly and looked at the status window again.

The expected sentence pops out.

[brother!]

Yes I thought you would pop out when I called the status window.

Big moon.

“How are you?”

We’ve been in touch occasionally but it’s been a while since we’ve talked to each other since the district office he’s assigned to is quite busy and I’m also traveling overseas.

[sure! Congratulations on clearing the mission!]

It’s still the same. I nodded looking at the letters growing rapidly as if I was excited.

He’s the one to celebrate first.

[And I really enjoyed the entertainment show. Mungge is so cute… and the twist is funny! I was so amazed at how you came up with such a story!]

“…”

I kept my mouth shut.

The status window pop-up vibrates.

[It wasn’t everyone’s plan.]

“no.”

[sorry…]

There is nothing to feel sorry for about this guy but it is certain that he will have to watch everyone he meets laugh at him for a while. I ran a hand over my face and looked next to the pop-up.

The settlement had been completed.

The goal reward phrase I wrote down is still written there.

[Reward complete!]

[Reward\: Enhanced interference in the status window]

I am very satisfied with this.

The status window pops up and down as if you’re looking at it more closely or as if you’re curious.

[Brother but why on earth did you want this reward…? enforce? Is it possible that you wanted to subdivide the items shown? I could have just done that!]

“no.”

Is there any way you could accept a mission as difficult as breaking a record like that?

I raised my finger.

“Look carefully. “The subject is not me.”

[yes?]

“It’s the status window itself.”

That’s right. The compensation was that the status window strengthened its interference power.

[omg]

“In short your ability as a status window has been strengthened. “In a broad sense.”

In order to avoid getting caught in the system they deliberately withheld the answer and even vaguely used the phrase ‘interference power’.

[Why why?]

“Because I have a place to write.”

In order for this guy to not return to the status window you have to eventually get rid of the system. I called Heeseung Kwon Gold 2.

He is the holder of the current system.

* * *

“Wow all my bones hurt.”

“Do we really have to do Dub App today? “Can’t we do it tomorrow?”

The group of ‘Spacer’ Kwon Hee-seung who was at the end of their Japan tour was suffering from the aftereffects of their first tour.

Of course one person who thought he had a chance to live a new life was still alert.

“Hey the decline comes from that lazy mind.”

“Ugh.”

Spacer was sobbing at Kwon Hee-seung’s words but he understood and moved.

‘There are no more people with bad personalities on our team.’

Kwon Hee-seung shook his head inwardly.

‘That’s because there are some kids who don’t get along very well!’

Spacer had more people than Testa. It was the same even after the withdrawal of Chae Seo-dam which was a nightmare for Sun Ah-hyun during her school days.

And if there are a lot of people on the team if they are not properly led the conflict increases exponentially.

Well… it was difficult.

‘Still we came this far!’

Although Spacer was a little less popular than Testa from the hit Azusa re-release season his fandom was solid as expected from a survival show.

And Kwon Hee-seung was confident that he was doing an excellent job as a self-proclaimed mental leader!

“Come on brothers and sisters let’s do something today too!”

“okay…”

Everyone was exhausted because their comeback was just around the corner but they showed their professional spirit and the personal broadcast went well.

“We’ll see you again~”

“I’ll be back soon!”

After a brief mukbang the members dispersed to their hotel rooms.

“Oh my.”

And Kwon Hee-seung was also congratulating himself on a successful day patting his shoulder and was about to fall into a deep sleep.

I got a call.

[Testa Mundae hyung????]

“omg?”

So suddenly?

Of course depending on the person there are cases where they prefer to hit the phone first but I can tell you that it was not this hyung.

‘He’s very calm cool and well-planned.’

However it did not mean that Kwon Hee-seung disliked Park Moon-dae.

It was a little scary but it was because he was a good senior.

-It’s better not to fight there and just leave.

-Don’t say something like that even if it’s by mistake.

-I think we can just separate the two rooms.

Sometimes I asked Heeseung Kwon first about his concerns or his current situation and when he asked for advice I answered quite sincerely.

At first glance he seemed to have a friendly personality to those who were in the line. Kwon Hee-seung rubbed under his nose.

‘Well it’s been like that since ‘Azusa’.’

He clicked his tongue recalling Park Moon-dae an ordinary contestant at the time who calmly ignored Choi Won-gil’s manipulations while also taking care of the people around him.

Recently he even received an apology from Choi Won-gil who contacted him through Park Moon-dae so it was true that Park Moon-dae had a large distribution.

‘…even when I was caught talking nonsense on the radio they were quite lenient and let me go.’

-If something happens just fix it and that’s it. This is a problem because it may not be resolved.

…although one fact was painful enough to send cold sweat down my spine.

‘So I didn’t know that he would reveal his situation to those around him… ’

Haha now that I look at it I wonder if that decision was made out of concern for me who almost talked about our organization(?) publicly on the radio!

Or maybe he was just trying to set an example and say ‘We should reveal it this way.’

The timing was perfect.

‘Wow it’s so cool.’

Kwon Hee-seung blinded by the majesty of a first-team idol who returned from the future ended up making an absurd deduction.

It’s not that he’s not but Park Moon-dae is now closer to his role model!

It wasn’t just because of the ‘idol gathering that knows the future’.

‘He is also someone worthy of respect as a true idol.’

It was because of his wonderful personality that he lost on this entertainment show. It wouldn’t have been easy for such a cool person to do that.

-Dang Dang Dance~ Mungumundae Dance~ (Video)

-Park Mung-daeng and the six phantom thieves haha (capture)

‘Hey they say idols have to be good at entertainment to be in the first division. ‘You’re such a living witness!’

Kwon Hee-seung almost laughed recalling the humorous and cute posts that were flowing into his fan account.

Beep.

“Achacha.”

While I was lost in thought for a moment the ringtone went around.

Kwon Hee-seung quickly touched the smartphone screen before it was too late.

“Hello Brother Moondae!”

-okay.

A calm voice was still heard over the phone.

“What’s going on?”

-I have something to check for a moment.

“Yes~”

It seemed like he would get to the point without much fuss. It was urgent!

And Park Moon-dae asked an unexpected question.

-What exactly did you say about this mission?

This is a mission that is paid in return for gaining a new life in the future. Park Moon-dae says he finished it all before. And that still remains for Kwon Hee-seung.

‘Why this all of a sudden?’

Still Kwon Hee-seung gave an answer right away. It wasn’t an answer I liked though.

“…Uh a self-produced album.”

Sigh.

I don’t know why I’m so attracted to this. Did you say that it’s not that you’re attracted to it but that you feel that way because it was given to you as a ‘mission’?

‘Either way is not good… ’

An album released with the participation of the entire team… Normally something like this requires more years of experience.

I somehow participated a little bit in making it but honestly I was a little worried at this point as the release was just around the corner.

“actually…”

So Heeseung Kwon honestly confessed his concerns. This is because I trusted the counseling experience I had with Park Moon-dae so far.

-okay. It was like that.

Park Mun-dae answered in a calm tone.

But… there was a hint of laughter mixed in somewhere.

‘…laugh?’

why?

And the words continue slowly.

-I think I can help.

“yes?”

Kwon Hee-seung blinked. And after a few seconds passed in silence.

“Gaaaaaaaa!”

Something appeared before his eyes.

[!Status Abnormality\: Make It Work]

-Is teamwork the answer when it comes to idols?

\: ‘Failure’ if the team fails to release the joint work within the period.

Gray text that is translucent and sparkles.

It soon clattered away and disappeared but it was clearly visible.

“Bah baba you just said that…!”

-I showed it briefly.

The voice on the phone spoke calmly.

-Your ‘mission’.

Kwon Hee-seung covered his mouth.

Argh!
