---
title: "Chapter 366"
category: "book"
index: 365
section: "Chapter 366"
slug: "366"
---

# Chapter 366

Shocking and surreal evidence that confirmed his ‘mission’ through a hologram!

Kwon Hee-seung came to his senses only after a few tens of seconds.

“How can this… how does this happen??”

I will correct it. I thought my head had come to its senses but this damn mouth couldn’t come to its senses.

‘Ugh!’

What kind of sci-fi movie is this? Limestone movie?

However Park Moon-dae’s voice heard from the smartphone was calm.

-I don’t know the principle but… it’s like hacking.

“You mean it gets hacked…? “Is this a computer?”

-…

He didn’t say anything but Park Moon-dae was surprisingly silent as if he was lost in thought.

And he answered with some interest.

-That could be possible.

‘It’s possible!’

This is not some kind of Metaverse virtual reality AI!

Kwon Hee-seung who was using all the IT technology words he knew had recovered from the shock and was about to ask in more detail ‘How on earth did he do this?’

Park Moon-dae struck first.

-Anyway what did you see when you looked earlier? The mission content.

“Hmm.”

I find the rather unpleasant phrase ‘status abnormality’ disturbing but perhaps what this senior is asking is not that but the content underneath it.

Heeseung Kwon opened his mouth reflexively.

“I think it was the announcement of that joint work…?”

-okay.

“It’s amazing. “I can’t believe it’s truly a self-produced album…”

Kwon Hee-seung felt thrilled like someone who had been struck by magic.

He looked like a real movie star. I’m not sure if that’s good or bad though.

But Park Moon-dae was cool.

-No it’s different.

yes?

-The standard is not a self-produced album but a collaborative work.

“Yes… but isn’t that what it is?”

-It’s different. A collaborative work doesn’t necessarily have to be an entire album.

“ah.”

Park Moon-dae who cut justice like a sword applied his skills flexibly.

-It is much easier to get the public to recognize that it is simply a ‘collaborative work’.

“and.”

It sounded like a real secret organization agent.

Kwon Hee-seung who became a little more serious politely held the smartphone with both hands and asked.

“Then… I guess I can succeed with this album? “The odds are a little higher right?”

-okay.

Oooh.

Kwon Hee-seung briefly expressed his admiration but calculated the next moment.

He wasn’t stupid either. He thought about the possibility that Park Moon-dae had conned or conspired against him.

‘hmm… ’

But no matter how much I thought about it there was no need to lie to myself.

‘No if that brother wanted to punish me he would have had so many chances.’

You’ve been kind and taking good care of me so far so there’s no need to get in trouble by sharing this… superpower.

‘It’s not like he’s a joker. If this guy had done that there would have been an uproar already.’

Kwon Hee-seung decided to accept Park Moon-dae’s favor this time too!

But before that a cautious voice was heard.

-Want me to help you?

“omg!”

Kwon Hee-seung asked quickly.

“I’m so thankful bro! But what if this thing gets pawned and something like that…”

-Don’t do something like that without saying anything.

“sorry. I just asked this question after watching the movie! Are you still helping me? lol…”

There was a sound of laughter.

-okay.

And Park Moon-dae really began to thoroughly help Kwon Hee-seung.

* * *

The production process begins.

Park Moon-dae skillfully picked out the parts worth spooning about in Spacer’s latest album.

-The lyrics book is better. Although it is not a part that is revealed externally or a photo book that fans consume it feels like a reputable component.

“Ohh.”

-And even if a non-expert comments on it the result is not that ruined. It’s an item that hasn’t even been released in advance so it’s easy to touch.

“It’s okay… really!”

Kwon Hee-seung thought he should tell this to the member who did not believe in his creativity and refused to participate in the production of the album until the end.

However the very next day I saw that the member gave his opinion on the design of the lyrics book at the company’s recommendation.

“Huh what?”

“I don’t know because the company told me to do it.”

And the revised lyrics were replaced in two days.

‘…is it this fast?’

Does our company make decisions this quickly?

Kwon Hee-seung was a little embarrassed but work continued.

The physical album is printed and the promotional text for the album is refurbished.

———————==

Will and leap towards your dreams!

Please look forward to this album 〈Fighting〉 which has been handcrafted by all Spacer members from the sound source to the inside material! (firecracker emoticon)

———————==

It doesn’t come to the forefront of publicity. It’s just an additional introductory phrase that makes fans think ‘that’s right’ and accept the information.

The album and the image which were based on dreams and aspirations as an idol were completely separate so there was no awkwardness.

A finishing touch that neatly adds only the correct answer without damaging the original plan of the spacer.

‘Wow this works.’

Heeseung Kwon was impressed.

Even though he lived longer than he did and returned to the past isn’t this sense and power(?) another story?

‘Isn’t it true that Moon Dae hyung really set up the entire label?’

The last time I asked him about this rumor going around the company he reacted very indifferently but I guess it was just humility.

Kwon Hee-seung nodded but at the same time felt a little creeped out.

Later when the spacer grows large enough to become a competitor to the Testa…

‘…Testa seniors will become independent!’

Yes I heard that next year is contract renewal season. Of course you will run away from this crappy company. haha!

Kwon Hee-seung decided to move on for now. What is the use of worrying about a problem that has no answer? Let’s live in reality!

So I immediately greeted the person I was grateful for.

“It’s all thanks to you! Oh thank you so much! “I will repay you!”

-okay.

Park Moon-dae’s answer was short but not blunt. On the contrary it felt soft.

After making a fuss inside himself that he would at least have a bite of lobster if he got paid Kwon Hee-seung happily shouted.

“I feel like this has happened right?”

Now he was free!

But my confidence was too quick. This is because Park Moon-dae gave an ambiguous answer.

-It is true that the conditions are met.

“…Would you like something different?”

A calm voice answered.

-It will pop up now. for a moment.

“yes?”

Support position.

“Wow!”

A glitch appeared before Kwon Hee-seung’s eyes. And a strange hologram appears again.

[Successful release!]

You’ve succeeded in releasing your collaborative work!

!Time limit\: met (success)

!Status abnormality\: ‘Make It Work’ removed!

*^@5#& OK ???? Click!]

“…!”

It looked more stable than the last time Park Moon-dae showed it with all the success written on it.

And the buttons are brightly shiny.

‘Can I just press this…?’

Kwon Hee-seung’s explicit ‘Click!’ I checked the button and raised my arm as if possessed…

Park Moon-dae’s voice sounds like cold water being poured on him.

-I mean you repay the favor.

“…?”

Kwon Hee-seung who was reaching for the hologram paused for a moment.

That moment.

-Do not press.

“Yes yes?”

-Waiting for a few days is the reward for me.

No do you have eyes? Kwon Hee-seung lowered his hand as if it were on fire.

“Why why?”

-hmm.

Park Moon-dae was silent for a moment and then asked in a voice with a hint of laughter.

-Are you interested in something good you can do with a day off?

“…??”

* * *

Below a large concert hall in Seoul.

The audience’s cheers still rang in my ears like tinnitus. The members around me laugh.

“Oh my everyone worked hard~”

“It’s fun!”

It was the end of a joint concert hosted by a credit card company.

“The store behind Mundaemun University?”

“okay.”

I sat in the back seat of the car among the guys who were happy on their way home from work after successfully completing the performance without any mistakes.

And I looked back at the conversation I had with Kwon Hee-seung yesterday.

‘From the premise.’

I was able to control the status clear timing through ‘Truth Check’ timing.

And that was entirely thanks to the status window.

‘So I thought about it the other way around.’

Doesn’t everyone just need a status window?

-If you can access the status window even for those with status abnormalities wouldn’t you be able to control the clear timing?

So Geundal accessed Kwon Hee-seung’s system and opened a status window.

[It’s a bit uncomfortable… ugh]

Of course I said it was more inconvenient than using my own status window but this guy succeeded without any other side effects.

Since I received it as a mission reward without any unnecessary tricks it only seemed to increase my strength.

‘good.’

It was inspired by Geoldal changing the state of my status window and I was glad that it worked without any problems.

And Kwon Hee-seung quickly accepted my proposal to ‘sponsor the battle for system destruction’.

-Of course it’s good! Does this feel like a mission?

…It would have been better if they hadn’t talked about it as if they were at a VR game center. Anyway I’m glad we went there in a mutually supportive atmosphere.

‘good.’

I nodded and adjusted my neck pillow.

As I had managed it well I had just enough time.

After the promotional period was over and preparations for the tour occurred there was a gap in the schedule.

‘I guess I can take at least a day off.’

If all goes according to plan one day is enough to see the results. I nodded and entered the hotel I had arrived at.

I plan to spend today reviewing my plans…

“Mundae could you please talk for a moment…”

“Oh yeah.”

I’ll have to postpone it a bit. Looks like something’s going on. I took a step after receiving Kim Rae-bin’s call.

I don’t know why but all the members are gathered at the kitchen table.

“…?”

What are you guys doing?

“Mundae.”

“yes.”

“We have some time before the tour.”

Yeah I was thinking that too.

‘Why is that?’

Liu Chengwu smiled and turned the screen of the laptop on the table to me.

“Shall we go here then?”

“yes?”

What was on the screen… was a camping resort.

-Healing Glamping

Photos taken with a good composition are automatically forwarded.

Forest bathing hot springs countryside… animals.

Keywords seen most often.

These are the healing keywords experienced in the entertainment show &lt;My Grandson&gt; and the keywords that the production team promised for the next healing.

‘what.’

Big Sejin grabs my shoulder.

“Ahyun said she went there on a family trip! “They say it’s really good?”

okay. The facilities and appearance look good. Of course it would be okay to go from that wealthy family.

But why suddenly?

I looked at Sun Ah-hyun. The guy shrugs his shoulders.

“Mumundae liked the neighborhood we went to for our entertainment show… I didn’t want that to be left as a bad memory for Mundae.”

“…!”

“That’s why I looked into it.”

I was speechless.

“Do you hate poetry?”

“…no.”

I answered.

“And… I didn’t feel that bad.”

I was a little embarrassed but it was okay until I found out about the production team’s manipulations. That’s why I felt even more embarrassed.

“But I didn’t give you anything delicious…”

“Cha Yu-jin be quiet!”

That’s because being upset and being upset are two different things. You bastard.

But I have no intention of saying that now to those people who are watching me with their pupils trembling.

Bae Se-jin quickly adds.

“okay. Anyway there’s no need to go to the hot springs with those entertainment people. “Let’s go together!”

“I know. “Then how about we just think of this as a holiday souvenir and go have fun?”

Liu Chengwu finished speaking.

I chuckled.

“Good.”

“Oh~”

“Then decide here!”

“OK!”

The guys relax and start talking amongst themselves.

“Should we all go on a cruise on our next vacation? “If you ride in Europe or somewhere like that no one will recognize you.”

“Oh that’s good too.”

“What is a cruise ship?”

“Cruise ship.”

“Oh…”

“You don’t like Eugene?”

“Grandpa loves cruise ships. “I am young.”

It was really consistent.

‘I am indeed.’

The next morning for the first time in a while I cooked a large meal without purpose. All my housemates stuffed it in their mouths without saying a word so there was no troublesome process.

It’s funny but it also feels like a kind of ceremony before a big day.

‘Finish and go on a vacation.’

I chuckled. It wasn’t intentional but it’s an almost typical structure.

And afternoon.

I called my last collaborator.

After a few rings the phone rings and a voice is heard along with the sound of a dog whining.

-It’s been a while junior. Business?

“Let’s borrow your private jet.”

I hear laughter.

-For what purpose?

I cracked my neck.

“To make sure there is no next batter.”

The system ends here.
