---
title: "Chapter 367"
category: "book"
index: 366
section: "Chapter 367"
slug: "367"
---

# Chapter 367

Holidays in a few days.

“Now that I think about it your group didn’t have a private plane right? “Hmm it looks like we haven’t made a profit yet.”

These were the words of a guy who is well versed in making people angry but today they don’t really bother me.

“There is sufficient domestic demand so there is no need for a private plane along the route.”

“is it so?”

“Wow! oh my god! “The sheets!”

“…”

Because there was a guy next to me making all kinds of fuss.

Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung is looking at the inside of Cheongryeo’s private plane with his mouth wide open.

“Come… senior is it okay if I take a picture of this?”

“If you are confident that it will not be leaked.”

“…”

I took out my smartphone while watching Heeseung Kwon quietly put down his smartphone.

“Will you take a picture?”

“no.”

Is that possible? This is for contact purposes.

I checked the messages once again.

[Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: Have a nice trip everyone]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Everyone please take care of yourselves and if you have any problems please let us know at any time!]

[Brother Bae Se-jin\: Munge is well (photo)]

[Kim Rae-bin\: I’m so glad your dog is doing well. I’m still on my way back to my hometown. We will contact you again when we arrive.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: (waving hand emoticon)]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes everyone good luck on your vacation haha]

Half of the people who think I went there to have fun are half of the people who think I went to work.

At that moment the group message room is updated.

[Lee Se-jin\: But why did 1 disappear from Mundaemun University and not show up? Don’t you know that we are banned from diving? (flaming emoticon)]

I laughed and moved my fingers.

[Me\: I came out. See you all the day after tomorrow.]

And a few days ago when I explained this situation to people who knew the situation by saying ‘I’m going to take care of it’ I remembered their reaction.

-okay? We can go together.

I thought so.

-That’s difficult.

-what?

-It’s not that I’m afraid you’ll be disturbed or caught up in it. It’s a question of structure.

-what?

-There shouldn’t be people around.

That’s right.

The hypothesis I developed is simple and valid.

First of all the premise.

-The system moves to the next host the moment the status abnormality ends.

The closest suitable person who can get in quickly.

Then why do you do that?

‘Isn’t it because it can’t survive without a host?’

So what if we could prevent it from meeting its host for a long time?

For example… what would happen if Heeseung Kwon clears the status condition in a place where there is no suitable person within hundreds of kilometers in all directions?

‘If the theory goes it won’t be able to survive and will disappear.’

That was my aim.

And Cheongryeo who had already reasoned with me about the movement of the system released a private plane as soon as he heard the explanation of the situation.

‘This bastard was having fun at the time so I thought he would give it to me obediently.’

I nodded inwardly.

After looking around the inside of the private plane Cheongryeo naturally sat down on the seat…

for a moment.

“Why aren’t you getting off?”

“hmm?”

Cheongryeo lowers her head to the side.

“I don’t know why you thought I would get off. “Isn’t this my plane?”

Why are there all these guys?

‘For some reason they said they wouldn’t take the money.’

I pressed my eyebrows and muttered.

“This time let’s minimize the variables as much as possible.”

“Haha junior are you riding?”

“…!”

“Is there any difference between you and me? The situation is the same for both of us. “It’s strange that I’m the only one who applies it differently.”

A quick-witted bastard.

Yes actually I have already received a confirmation regarding my case.

Through the big moon.

-I don’t think it’s possible to go back to the same person again.

-why?

-Because I already wrote that.

The choice of words was a bit odd but it means that users of the system who previously went back can’t come back.

It was a vague but impossible statement to ignore. Because these words come from a guy who is assimilating with the system.

‘So… I’m an exception to the next host.’

Still I didn’t bring Keundal just in case.

Strictly speaking the system never entered Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

‘I just took my mind out of it.’

So Keundal decided to share his view with me and monitor the situation remotely.

Then why did they try to exclude Cheongryeo who is an exception like me?

Isn’t it obvious? Look at that bastard’s personality right now.

‘He’s a guy who doesn’t know where he’ll go.’

I was thinking of excluding it so as not to create a variable.

‘…I’ll have to keep a close eye on it.’

I finally sighed and answered.

“Do whatever you want.”

“As expected junior I like that you are logical.”

I will correct it. This guy is always scratching people today.

I leaned against the backrest roughly.

“Brothers! “Where was our destination?”

“Pacific.”

“oh my god.”

The place where the plan was implemented was on the deep sea where no people lived.

The plane continued to move.

And it wasn’t until lunch and afternoon that we arrived at the location.

“How does it feel to be floating in the middle of the Pacific Ocean?”

“Not once or twice but again.”

“haha.”

I see this every time I go to the US for work so how can I be inspired by something like that?

Do the calculation at that time.

‘If you miss this timing you will get too close to the American continent.’

It is appropriate to perform within 30 minutes.

And then I looked at the cockpit. It was the location of the captain and co-pilot who firmly believed that LA Airport was their destination.

And I recalled the Q&A I had with the person who hired the pilot.

About the possibility of the system getting into the other side.

-What are the chances that these people will be suitable?

-That’s a gamble. Considering the tendency the probability is extremely low.

Cheongryeo suggested with a smile.

-Alternatively you can use a helicopter and place it on an uninhabited island or desert. Well it must be a bit difficult for the person involved. Wouldn’t it be better to do that though?

-That’s it.

There is a reason why there are no people in the land. It’s not there because I can’t buy it.

Isn’t it possible to ask Kwon Hee-seung to risk his life in order to not give the slightest possibility?

‘Let’s restrain ourselves.’

I decided to make the best move that was realistically possible and this is the result.

Kwon Hee-seung also seemed to sense the atmosphere and looked a little nervous.

“Then shall we click now?”

“okay. for a moment.”

I called my status window. A pop-up that pops up as if it were natural.

[Brother really…?]

Okay that’s it.

‘Please re-open the status clear window for Kwon Hee-seung.’

The popup didn’t respond. It was only slightly shaken.

Still a hologram appeared in front of Kwon Hee-seung.

“Ugh phew! “I’m always surprised!”

That kid uses strange exclamations.

Cheongryeo mutters with slightly less interest in her eyes.

“There’s nothing special about it.”

“Because it will only be visible to the person concerned.”

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo crossed her arms. And he nodded.

“Then like this?”

“okay.”

I closed my mouth and adjusted my posture as well.

It was then.

[brother.]

The Big Moon pop-up appears again.

‘If there are no serious problems leave it as is. If you’re going to say it now… ’

[No that’s not it!]

Isn’t it?

The pop-up shrinks the text as if it were embarrassing.

[Actually… I feel a little hopeful.]

“…”

okay. I guess this guy actually wanted to continue living as a human.

I know I just pretended not to have any regrets because I couldn’t help it and I didn’t want to be a burden.

The pop-up trembles again and carefully spits out one letter at a time.

[Thank you so much… for doing this for me.]

‘That’s it.’

Actually it’s not just for this guy. In the first place I felt uncomfortable leaving this time bomb alone so I tried to destroy it whenever I had the chance.

On the contrary this guy actually helped me.

‘Proceed.’

[…yes!]

“Then… I’ll press it!”

Kwon Hee-seung stretched out his hand with a nervous expression.

And press.

[!Status abnormality\: ‘Make It Work’ removed!

\: *^@5#& OK ???? Click!]

Click.

And the status window… disappears.

As if it never happened without a trace.

“ah.”

There is a quiet silence on the plane.

Nothing happens.

Amazingly.

“…”

“Is this… the end?”

What comes to mind reflexively in response to Heeseung Kwon’s question is my own case.

‘A congratulatory window popped up.’

But since it was a big moon it has nothing to do with the system…

“Uh huh?”

“…!!”

A hologram appeared again in front of Kwon Hee-seung.

However the appearance is different from before.

[??? ? ]

[? ?? ???? ? ??]

[\: ?? ? ? ?????]

A strange state full of question marks.

‘Fuck you.’

I got up from my seat.

And then a low voice is heard from the other side.

Cheongnyeo.

“Hmm… I can see this.”

“…!”

what?

“Brother tongue.”

There is no time to look back at Cheongryeo. My eyes are fixed on the status window that appears in front of Heeseung Kwon.

Kwon Hee-seung’s face is stained with embarrassment.

‘…big moon!’

There was no answer to my call.

Instead the status window…

I start to tremble.

Wood-dud-dud-dud-duk.

Heeseung Kwon turns his head and opens his mouth.

[Brother this is more…]

The sound is fragmented.

Like vibration.

Piiiiiiing—!

tinnitus.

There is a sound of something breaking that cannot be heard.

My vision turns completely white.

‘This… ’

Next moment.

All kinds of holograms are everywhere.

[Status!$#6]

[Dol&[email protected]]

[■■■■■■■Sound■]

[Imaginary State State Imaginary State #%2]

It’s like something strangely entered my mind…

‘Fuck off!’

I gritted my teeth. Hot blood flowed from my lips but I had no time to feel the pain.

The line becomes distorted and blinks white.

Blink.

Blink.

‘…ah.’

And 10000 meters above sea level.

No inside a small room.

Everything is torn apart.

Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeee–

There is no screaming or pain.

Reality just shatters…

Soar.

Hwaaaaaaa!

White out.

* * *

-… Beep beep!

what.

A sharp sound is heard from beyond the heavy mind…

Is it an alarm?

I thought dully but for some reason I had the feeling that it couldn’t be like that.

I didn’t know why. But the sentiment lingered for a long time and I didn’t wake up.

Longer and deeper.

Falling asleep…

If only that word hadn’t come to mind.

-daydream?

‘Fuck you.’

“-Huh!”

I opened my eyes.

A bright light stung my eyes. Several incandescent lights hanging from the large ceiling emit light.

A black wall and next to it a huge full-length mirror that takes up the entire surface reflecting the light.

Choreography practice room.

“…!”

I got up. And I looked down at my body.

He is wearing black training clothes.

Reach out and touch your shoulders and neck. I can feel traces of sweat.

-Beep beep beep!

I reflexively turn off the smartphone notifications that are still ringing.

And think. Differences.

“Whoop.”

From location.

I’m definitely sitting on the plane…

no way.

I turned my head and looked in the mirror.

No I tried to see it. If only I hadn’t seen another guy in tracksuits sprawled out next to me before.

And if it wasn’t a familiar face.

“…!”

That was Cheongryeo.

However there is a difference from the one I saw just before.

‘I’m old.’

She is a young woman who appears to be around 20 years old.

At that moment goosebumps ran down my spine.

“you…”

The other person opens his eyes without even saying another word.

“…!!”

“ah.”

The guy with his eyes open has no expression. And with a blank face he familiarly checks the practice room.

As if you know.

As if to confirm.

And he turns his head like a pattern.

Then our eyes met.

Only then do facial expressions appear.

“…!”

First a surprise then…

“haha!”

It’s inspirational.

Lament joy interest despair hope a vague and powerful inspiration that can be combined with all sorts of strange emotions.

“Oh this happens. Things like this happen. “Isn’t that right?”

I barely opened my mouth.

“Where are you…”

“This is LeTi’s practice room. “My agency!”

what?

Cheongnyeo laughed as if she was crying.

“At this start you may not be a junior but you may not be a junior. haha!”

My hair turns white.
