---
title: "Chapter 368"
category: "book"
index: 367
section: "Chapter 368"
slug: "368"
---

# Chapter 368

‘…So this is it.’

I came to my senses in the practice room of Cheongryeo and Nam’s agency who looked to be around 20 years old.

It was a crazy situation.

I turned my head. Only then did my eyes meet mine in the huge full-length mirror that took up the entire wall.

“…!”

“You look like your old self. “Isn’t that right?”

That’s right.

The person reflected in the full-length mirror was Ryu Geon-woo. The one that was originally my body. However I am not a person in my late 20s who is tired of public notice.

He looks like he just graduated from high school and looks like he’s about the same age as Cheongnyeo.

I swallowed and raised my hand. The young Ryu Geon-woo in the mirror follows along.

‘…Ryu Geon-woo.’

But somewhere… my impression was a bit different from the one I had at the time.

Things like the eyes the atmosphere and the skeleton.

“It seems like Park Mun-dae’s appearance still remains. Like mixed? Haha that’s unique.”

I get goosebumps.

‘No don’t be so neat.’

Maybe it was because of the expression.

At this time I wasn’t looking very good due to college entrance exams and life problems but the guy in the mirror seemed to have managed it quite well.

‘…’

Why did you manage it?

“The starting point is different this time. Well the ages are different.”

I turned my head. Before you know it Cheongryeo finds her smartphone and checks the date and situation.

I put my hand in my sweatpants pocket. Old smartphones are caught.

“The ages are different.”

“is it so. The original restart was always 18 years old. But since I was 20 the date was a few years later… Hmm that doesn’t seem right. “Is it because someone restarted it together?”

I took out my smartphone from my pocket and checked the date on the lock screen.

[201X/01/08]

“…!”

The date was definitely strange.

If I’m about 20 now it should be a few years ago.

In the first place Ryu Geon-woo was supposed to be older than Cheongryeo but now they seem to be almost the same age.

‘Neither this nor that makes sense.’

Only then does my head become clear. The path is clear.

Isn’t it different from a ‘daydream’?

“This is a dream.”

“yes?”

“I’m not sure but I experienced something similar.”

I briefly described a daydream I had while in a coma after a car accident. Cheongryeo listened without much change in expression.

“…and you don’t fit the age range or year. “I also don’t have the right appearance or mental location.”

I came to a conclusion.

“So I think this is not the past but an incoherent dream.”

“ah.”

Cheongryeo laughed heartily.

“You don’t want to believe that?”

“…”

I clenched my hands.

“Then is there a better guess than that in the current situation?”

“The surreal situation of returning to the past has already happened but other elements are contradictory so you think it’s a dream? “Isn’t this an overly arbitrary judgment?”

“…”

“Of course you have to think of it as reality and act accordingly junior. No um… can you please call me Geonwoo hyung?”

“stop.”

This guy is going too far.

But I regained my composure after taking a deep breath.

Because nothing was wrong.

“First of all… you’re right. “We have to respond realistically.”

“yes.”

It’s stupid to see a situation the way you want to believe it. It is reasonable to assume the worst and act accordingly.

And one more thing.

‘This bastard… I got sick of the snow.’

This happened because I voluntarily followed along but I got caught up in this crazy thing anyway… and it ended up looking like I started over again.

I don’t know if I’m excited or if I want to kill someone.

‘I need to come to my senses.’

I don’t know what kind of unexpected action might occur. I kept my mouth shut.

And… identify the cause.

‘Where did the error come from?’

Let’s look back at the situation on the plane at that time.

Status windows with errors pop up all around us like crazy and that guy…

-Hmm… I can see this.

“…!”

I also saw the status window in Cheongryeo!

I get a gut feeling as if my head is being hit.

‘no way’

This guy… Could it be that the system went into this guy and activated the deactivated status ailment again?

This guy’s condition is abnormal.

Return to the starting point infinitely.

[Correction (Disable)]

\: Let’s try again

-If you fail you go back to the beginning.

As already confirmed in Sun Ah-hyun’s case there is a possibility that a status abnormality that is inactive may become active again.

‘Even if the system didn’t go into it directly it became a catalyst of sorts.’

I immediately checked Cheongryeo’s condition.

‘Status window.’

No I was trying to check.

However… the window did not open.

Chichichik!

Instead something like a strange glitch popped up and disappeared.

One meaning was clear.

‘…big moon.’

This means that it cannot appear in the status window.

I clenched my fists.

‘Fuck you.’

It seems like it really failed but it’s unclear where it started.

It was then.

A cautious voice is heard from behind.

“Those brothers.”

Before I knew it a tall guy was poking his head out of the open practice room door.

It was a familiar face.

“Oh um hello…!”

Shino is a member of VTIC.

Of course he looked much younger than in reality. The guy opened his mouth again with a somewhat nervous expression.

“The director called me but we hadn’t gathered yet so he sent me away…”

“okay? for a moment.”

Cheongryeo gently accepted his words and spoke to me.

“Shall we go?”

“…yes.”

First follow the situation. Cheongryeo and I followed Sinnoh.

Walking down the hallway of an unfamiliar agency.

The place we arrived was the office.

And the manager who looked like a hard worker gathered a bunch of young guys and lined them up.

They’re probably all trainees.

‘About 20 people.’

Considering the size of this company it certainly didn’t seem like the entire number of people were there.

“I’ve been paying special attention to you so I’m calling you just to encourage you. okay?”

“yes!”

Among those called in I see a few familiar faces. A few faces will debut at small and medium-sized agencies in a few years.

And I can also see the faces of VTIC members I know.

‘First of all it’s Sinnoh the guy who called us. Next to it… Is that a main altar?’

No matter how you look at them they are both standing far behind in line as if they are not part of the debut group.

It’s obvious.

‘Cheongryeo has been thinned out.’

Chae-yul who is not here seems to have even been picked up separately.

I once again realized that the guy next to me was someone who had experience combining reality through various attempts.

In the meantime the director is picking each one out and giving them encouragement and questions.

“Shin Jaehyun you take care of the kids.”

“yes.”

Shin Jae-hyeon who has not yet been given the stage name Cheongryeo nodded to the director’s words with a casual expression.

…How many times has this guy experienced this moment?

It was then.

“And Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…! yes.”

Why are you suddenly calling me?

The guy called the manager twitches his fingers and makes fun of his mouth.

“Geonwoo is also a good age and has a good academic background so he has merit. “Don’t worry about unnecessary things and practice harder.”

“…yes.”

Ryu Geon-Woo is getting advice on his debut from LeTi but he’s met with all kinds of bullshit situations.

‘hmm.’

I checked the attitudes and expressions of the people around me and where I stood.

Those who are forced to smile are in the first row next to Cheongnyeo.

And if you combine the words of the director…

‘I’m in the first team.’

I guess I’m LeTi’s trainee here. That’s also the debut group.

Anyway the man called the manager said a few words that seemed to be appropriate and dismissed the trainees.

“Jaehyun do you want to stay and practice?”

“Well let’s see.”

“yes.”

I frowned after seeing the debut group trainees disappearing across the hallway.

‘It looked like the director was exploring something.’

For now let’s set priorities aside because it’s not a conspiracy of the head of this company.

‘I have to get out of this dream right now.’

ASAP.

I have no idea what the hell is going on with how time passes in reality.

‘Start with a hint.’

I decided to check my position here.

‘This must start with smartphones.’

Because it’s a bunch of personal information.

As I walked down the hallway I took out my old smartphone and manipulated the screen…

“…”

I don’t know the lock pattern.

I tried it a few times but it all failed. And I don’t know what great thing I’ve done… but then just take a detour.

“Shin Jaehyun.”

“hmm?”

“Do you have any records of conversations with Ryu Geon-woo on your smartphone?”

If you think about the situation where we practiced together earlier and stretched out it means that we are familiar with each other.

“There was. here.”

also.

I looked at the smartphone screen that Cheongryeo obediently held out.

[LeTi 16th Shin Jae-hyeon\: Please tell me the address of where your brother moved ^^]

[You know what to do]

…But then why bother sending a reply with the address written down there?

‘Are you crazy?’

The sound of Cheongryeo splitting is heard.

“Well I guess we were close. “It’s a convenient structure.”

“Oh I guess I asked because I didn’t know the lock pattern. It’s a rhombus. “It is time for the company to unify the debut smartphone pattern for management reasons.”

It means I get to work with crazy people with no privacy.

It runs very well. It was a mess.

* * *

“after.”

11 o’clock at night.

As indicated in Cheongryeo’s message I am moving to a place called Ryu Geon-woo’s living room.

What about locking your phone? Surprisingly the diamond pattern meant for company use also failed so I just left it as is just in case.

-is it so? It looks like Ryu Geon-woo has only recently joined the company.

‘Damn it.’

The reasoning ended there. I guess I’ll have to take it to the service center tomorrow and have it resolved. I suppressed a sigh and took a step forward.

Cheongryeo first agreed to return to his home.

-Let’s talk again after we each understand the situation.

-is it so.

It was a reasonable decision.

The problem is that the building I arrived at looked better than I expected.

‘It’s an officetel.’

What kind of money did you use to do this?

I walked forward looking at the building that seemed to be quite out of balance just from the outside.

Just looking at this it was not reality but a dream.

Tiriririk

And fortunately I was able to get through the building’s entrance using the card key sticker attached to my smartphone.

I was planning on going back to the company’s practice room if I had to but it was a good thing.

‘Then it could also be the front door of the house.’

I went up to the lake unlocked the door then reached out and pulled the doorknob.

The door opens softly.

However there was a light on in the house where there was obviously no one there.

And then I heard a voice.

“Is your brother here?”

“…!”

“You practiced for a long time today.”

Sitting on the living room sofa in comfortable clothes is…

It was Liu Chengwu.

He looks about 20 years old like me.

‘what’s this.’

“brother?”

Ryu Geon-woo here… was living alone with his relative Ryu Cheong-woo.

“Hyung have you ever heard of this culture?”

“…I heard the professor doesn’t give good grades.”

“Hmm I see.”

I don’t know what I’m doing now. I rolled my eyes reflexively evaluating the 3-credit liberal arts skills shown by 20-year-old Liu Chengwu.

And saw.

On the living room cabinet there is a display of teddy bears that are given away at college entrance ceremonies.

Two points too.

‘I’m going crazy.’

It’s completely confirmed.

It was clear that Ryu Cheong-woo here had entered the same university as me.

Even those two teddy bears look identical.

‘It means that they entered school in the same year.’

But why does that guy call me brother? There is no way I would have bothered to retake the exam to go to the same university as when I was on active duty.

“…”

Let’s ask in a natural persuasive way.

“Why do you keep using the honorific when you’re the same age?”

Even in the worst case you can excuse yourself by saying you drank alcohol.

“Oh well I thought you were my older brother when I was young… I already said it. “It’s really not uncomfortable so don’t worry.”

Liu Chengwu smiles slightly awkwardly. Is that so? The settings are so meticulous and unnecessary.

I suppressed my silence and reflexively thought of a valid question.

‘…What about archery?’

I’m sure I would still be doing archery at that age but now that I think about it it was strange that I entered college now.

However I saw the moment when a relative who was even sleeping with me was about to do something suspicious by asking about it.

A blue and transparent line that suddenly appeared.

“…”

At first I thought it was a hallucination. However as if trying to climb up… a long line is drawn in the air and eventually becomes a square.

And the letters that float on the surface between the lines.

[[email protected]&!Hyung 5!]

Status window. Big moon.

“…!”

I got up from my seat. And then I immediately went into the bathroom and closed the door.

thud.

‘What condition are you in?’

[I don’t know either. It felt like it was working but I avoided it. It’s okay now.]

Letters pop out sparsely as if barely squeezing through a narrow gap.

It doesn’t look okay. But the texts don’t stop.

[And there is a status window #[email protected]^]

A pop-up appears with a crackle.

A familiar phrase.

[Enjoy your]

yes.

This is a sentence that starts with the words I saw in my daydream. I clenched my fists.

…It was a hasty feeling.

This is because the endings of the sentences were different.

[Enjoy your reality \:D]

Not a dream but reality.

‘reality.’

My brain felt cold as if it had been doused with cold water.

The pop-up shook again.

[I didn’t write this bro. I’ll try my best. Reboot first. [email protected]^]

what?

“Wait a minute you’re in danger…”

The status window disappeared before I could say that it could be done so just wait.

‘Damn it!’

Why are these bastards so disobedient? I pounded my fist on the bathroom wall nervously.

It was then.

Lights explode like neon signs.

[START / Registration complete!]

Player\: Ryu Geon-woo (Park Moon-dae)

A prism and light enter the hologram as if the vision becomes brighter.

Shine flashes like a firecracker and a new window is created.

[Quest has arrived!]

Companions that can be awakened\: ?

Required reputation\: 1000 experience

Small text appears in a pop-up window on the big moon.

[this…]

It was a new game system.
