---
title: "Chapter 369"
category: "book"
index: 368
section: "Chapter 369"
slug: "369"
---

# Chapter 369

After doing something he called a ‘reboot’ Geoldal started talking actively again.

[Hyung I think I’m feeling better!]

Clearly the pop-up he displayed was no longer unstable and had stabilized.

But my head is infinitely more complex. It’s to the point where I don’t think it’s going to explode like this.

‘A new game system is emerging here?’

I was silent for a moment and then slowly opened my mouth.

“So… this means that this game status window was created by the system itself not you.”

[Yes… I just modified it a bit.]

It seems that during the mixing process the system was able to interfere with the status window just as the big moon interfered with the system.

‘No is this a completely new application?’

Either way it’s not a good thing… But there is something puzzling.

I touched my chin.

“Why does this look like ‘Section 127’?”

That’s right. I said I saw this ‘Collect Colleagues’ somewhere but the items from the interface strangely overlap.

The game we collaborated with.

[That’s me! I wanted it to be familiar to my brother at least in game form… so I tried it.]

“okay?… thanks.”

If so it means that this structure and content itself were originally intended to be provided by the system.

‘It feels uncomfortable.’

With a frown I flipped through the holograms one by one and looked at the contents.

First of all the notation in the status window is similar to before.

[Player\: Ryu Geon-woo (Park Moon-dae)]

Singing\: A+

Dance\: B

Appearance\: A

Talent\: A-

Characteristics\: Infinite potential

Until the next awakening opportunity / Exp 1000

Even though his characteristics were completely gone and all his abilities were downgraded it was still an incredible report card considering his age.

‘He is an all-rounder who has nothing to throw away.’

Is this my original ability without any system corrections I’ve received so far? The situation seems too trash to be proud of so let’s get over it.

The problem starts after that.

[Recruited colleague\: Shin Jae-hyeon]

Until the next recruitment opportunity / Exp 1000

Why is this guy listed here?

Before that what does it mean to recruit colleagues? What is awakening?

I asked Geoldal a few more questions but I’m not really sure if he’s confused either.

‘I can’t help it.’

It’s impossible to even guess what happened to this guy in real life. We can’t expect any more help from this guy.

What I don’t have I make up with my head.

I lay down on the embarrassingly good quality bed and lost myself in thought.

A combination of existing clues.

‘…If we think of it in terms of &lt;Section 127&gt;.’

There leveling up was called awakening.

Until the next awakening opportunity / Exp 1000

That’s probably what’s displayed below my status window.

Each time you awaken you gain abilities or skills randomly. I heard that the optional actions I have taken so far are based on accumulated probability.

If Geondal properly implemented the mechanism it would be similar here. And here the experience used for awakening is… &lt;Fame Exp&gt;.

‘It’s obvious.’

If you become famous win awards and get good grades you will get kicked out. It is no different from reorganizing the system from when I was a student at Park Moon University to make it easier and more understandable.

In short the aim is visible.

‘I’m telling you to debut.’

Anyone can see that what this system wants is my debut in this world.

This means that you should debut build up your reputation and do better than last time.

‘It’s like telling me to just settle down and live here.’

It was an unpleasantly blatant suggestion.

‘Did I turn?’

Do you know what you’re going to do and live here like this? and…

‘…there are so many things in reality.’

I couldn’t throw it all away. Never.

I closed my eyes.

I was actually glad that I had a tight plan for what to do starting tomorrow. Because there was no time to waste energy with useless worries and thoughts.

* * *

The next morning.

I got to eat with young Liu Chengwu.

“…”

No… It’s something I normally do in my dorm but eating like this without anyone around makes it feel like a home away from home.

Ryu Cheong-woo has a relaxed and calm expression as if he is used to silence.

‘The big moon said it was resting.’

I felt like I was putting on so much effort that I was kind of sleeping. Thanks to this it is quieter.

“I’m going.”

“Have a nice trip I’ll see you in the evening.”

Instead of persistently asking this guy questions to get information I easily left the house but this was cost-effective.

This is because I was planning to go to the service center this way and unlock my smartphone.

‘There must be information in it.’

Data doesn’t lie.

And the service center canceled the lock pattern in 15 minutes. That’s neat.

‘This was the correct answer.’

If this guy were me I would have turned on the security option that evaporates data if the pattern is consecutively incorrect so I didn’t even try multiple times.

I opened my smartphone with a cool feeling.

“hmm.”

First of all there is nothing special in KakaoTalk history. There are only traces of a group message room mainly for group assignments.

‘…Cheongryeo is the latest contact.’

What happened to this guy’s interpersonal relationships? Even the photography club had temporarily withdrawn.

[Speaker Lee Yu-jin\: Mr. Ryu Geon-woo?? Did you quit the photography club? Why aren’t you coming?]

[Because I have something I want to do]

[Speaker Yujin Lee\: ??? ㅇㅋ ㅊㅋㅊㅋ]

Judging from my conversation with the guy who introduced me to the data selling job what I want to do here is probably being an idol.

And maybe… the method is street casting while filming proxy fancams.

[LeTi 16th Shin Jae-hyun\: This is Shin Jae-hyun who went to the Dream Concert with Director Lee Yong-jae. Do you remember? Please take care of me in the future bro ^^]

This is my first message with Cheongryeo. It was probably from this time.

‘…It was only three months ago.’

So it means that he was put into the debut group as soon as he was picked up. In fact if you look at his abilities it is reasonable to say that.

‘It’s difficult to find a usable vocalist.’

Didn’t Cheongryeo compromise on the main vocal and cause an accident?

‘I roughly understand the cause-and-effect relationship. Next.’

…Liu Chengwu.

I looked through the history of messages exchanged with him.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Engineering building soft tofu stew?]

[yep]

He was 21 not 20.

‘I guess so.’

There are traces of Ryu Geon-woo having been in college for a year so this guy of the same age is also the same.

And… just like in reality Ryu Cheong-woo here had also quit archery.

However there were no aftereffects from the injury and it was simply a case of choosing to go to college out of one’s own will.

‘I won the gold medal.’

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I thought it would be fun to do a more academic study.]

Ryu Cheng-wu simply chose what he wanted to do among the open options.

‘then.’

…Isn’t this a happier world for this guy?

I stood still for a moment holding my smartphone.

I think I was embarrassed. So… isn’t it a good option for everyone?

‘no.’

That’s because it’s a dream.

Every time I open the status window the English sentence at the top says it’s real but I can’t believe it.

‘But it’s better than being in a crappy situation.’

In the 100 -day dream there was no mentality for each baby who met X. I gave up my thoughts and looked at KakaoTalk again.

And while lowering the scroll bar.

Get down… get closer.

I saw it.

[My family]

‘ah.’

…Family group chat room.

I couldn’t delete my parents’ contact information from my phone until I graduated from college.

I later deleted it after confirming that the number had been passed on to someone else.

And at this point… I think I was doing something meaningless by digging into this message room and writing.

‘Fuck you’

But somewhere in the corner of my head someone is talking.

In a world where everything is going well perhaps…

“…”

I entered the room with the final message ‘Okay’.

And I saw it.

[Mom\: Eat your meal without skipping it okay?]

The messages we exchanged just last month.

“…!”

I hastily clicked on the profile. The introductory message reads ‘I am overseas so the response is very slow.’ I see a picture of a flower.

And the number that appears below it.

I pressed call.

Tiririk.

As the unfamiliar basic sounds connect time passes and no logic connects in my head.

And the moment the connection sound was cut off.

-Is it Geonwoo?

My throat got clogged.

One day I couldn’t remember exactly but a familiar voice softly came through the phone.

-Geonwoo what’s going on?

“that…”

I swallowed.

My smartphone trembles and my ears press.

“I just want to hear your voice.”

-What’s wrong with my son!

The voice got louder. And the end rises as if in joy.

And the memories come later.

You originally spoke in this tone.

-I’m glad I got on the phone right now. Every time I use a walkie-talkie in Antarctica the timing is perfect.

This time the voice becomes lower again.

-I’m sorry I miss you so much Mom and Dad.

Damn it.

“Yes me too.”

What am I talking about?

-Oh my gosh what’s going on? I’m past puberty! my son Mom I have to go now.

My eyes hurt.

-Then I will definitely see you at Christmas this year. Okay?

“yes.”

The call was cut off like a mirage. However the call details are clear.

[01\:04]

As if this is real.

“…”

My hands are shaking.

Thoughts expand like crazy.

Where did you say? Antarctica?

Go back to the message room. The parents who went to the Antarctic base for two years for research purposes remain in constant contact for a year…

And he even said that since he became a member of the winter group this year it is difficult to contact him often.

“…”

Antarctica.

Ideas are stuck in the brain like an awl.

‘Wouldn’t it be okay to go?’

Now there is no force like status ailment. I was okay with not debuting here.

If I take a leave of absence like this and make up an excuse somehow to come see him… once I get to that area he won’t come out to see me.

“…”

I turned off my smartphone.

And took a deep breath.

‘no.’

I felt like my brain was going to explode…

But discernment comes first. This is manipulative.

Even if you are a researcher why would your parents suddenly go to Antarctica? It was all made up.

“It’s a dream. “It’s a dream…”

So since it’s a dream I can do whatever I want right? So you can get rid of everything and do whatever you want…

“shut up.”

Shut your mouth and brain.

‘I have to go back.’

I stumbled.

This… won’t work. We have to get out of here as quickly as possible.

I can’t stand it.

I turned off my smartphone. Then he put it in his pocket and started walking again.

LeTi to Ryu Geon-woo’s agency.

“…”

My hands were damp with sweat.

* * *

“You don’t look good.”

“It’s okay.”

I answered briefly. Cheongryeo shrugged her shoulders.

LeTi’s practice was as intense as the name suggests but today there was almost no training and everyone was practicing independently.

“It’s nice to come back just in time for the rain. “You’re not practicing as a team are you?”

“…okay.”

We need to have productive conversations.

And it seems true that this guy is not in his right mind… but even in this crazy situation his natural ease strangely makes people calm down.

‘Let’s work.’

I only think about work. Nothing else is allowed.

I regained my composure.

“There was nothing unusual about my house but what about your junior?”

“A new status window appeared.”

“Hmm.”

I explained the current situation in as much detail as possible. Because there is nothing here that could cause this bastard to get stabbed.

I also planned to give examples to help understanding.

“Have you ever tried ‘Section 127’?”

“I’m not that interested in games.”

I thought so.

Anyway Cheongryeo nodded quite obediently probably because he understood the context.

“In the end you have to gain fame to fully recover your vocal abilities. Hmm.”

“…”

That’s the most important thing to you. This is it. I get it.

Moreover this bastard even goes so far as to rush forward.

“Do you want to debut right away?”

Are you the boss? Why would a mere trainee naturally ask such a question?

‘Is this because of stagnant water?’

If both destinations hit the same target there would be no such efficiency.

However I have no intention of doing something careless by going straight down the route that this system wants.

“for a moment.”

I brought up the Quest tab.

[Quest\: Companion Awakening 1/?]

-Recruit your colleagues and awaken them

Companions that can be awakened\: ?

Required reputation\: 1000 experience

Companion awakening quest.

And I recall the conversation I had with Geoldal yesterday just before I went to sleep.

-What does it mean to be a companion capable of awakening?

-I don’t know but… maybe it’s related to ability points like you guessed? Because it was like that in section 127…

-I guess so.

I thought this meant that I would level up my colleagues as a group to make it easier for them to adapt to this world.

Even without force.

‘Then isn’t there some room to dig into?’

As generous as it is there is a gap.

-Then perhaps you could add a little bit of text here? Just one line of explanation at the appropriate level of context.

-…! Hey a little bit?

So I added this explanatory text.

[The awakened companion remembers the previous timeline and grows.]

This is the content in &lt;Section 127&gt;.

In that game there is a setting that says that every time you awaken a companion they remember the contents of the previous episode and become stronger…

“…”

I clenched my fists.

‘You have to try it.’

Just increase your reputation a little to see if it works.

I explained the contents to Cheongryeo.

And the reaction is like this.

“is it so? all right.”

“…”

It comes out so smoothly?

“Hmm the reaction isn’t that great. “I guess it was just something I did.”

“That can’t be possible.”

Let’s get the most out of this guy when he cooperates. I crossed my arms.

“First of all… I understand that if you are a large agency some of the first team trainees will be leaked before debut.”

“Yes of course. “I sometimes solve it on purpose.”

I searched for it once before coming here. For example Shin Jae-hyun’s name is already well-known among idol fans of the LeTi lineage.

Just try to get that level of reputation.

“I guess I can get the information out in the same way.”

“Ah should I post something on the Internet myself?”

I looked at it in bewilderment.

“Is there any way you can do just that?”

“haha!”

Even though this guy knows he’s doing this for no reason. This means that it is difficult to control it because it has to be accompanied by controversy to attract attention through Internet posts.

The official route was better than that.

“This company also provides work to trainees.”

There is something that large agencies often do with guys who haven’t debuted yet.

For stage experience they make them dancers for senior idols or make them appear in music videos for recognition.

As long as the fan base does not overlap mainly with seniors of different genders.

And as far as I know LeTi also did quite a bit of that before the mystic line VTIC debuted and changed the guidelines.

‘It’s awards season.’

At this point in time who is the most popular female idol in LeTi?

‘Soft and sweet’

The group behind the hit song 〈POP☆CON〉.

So debutant Ryu Geon-woo is a soft and sweet dancer.

“I need you to push that a little bit.”

I looked back at Shin Jae-hyun a person who must have mastered everything about this agency.

The guy nodded calmly and trustingly.

“Well for the main vocal position you don’t really need that kind of experience… That’s right. “They say they want to do that.”

“…”

Oh this guy is really not right.
