---
title: "Chapter 370"
category: "book"
index: 369
section: "Chapter 370"
slug: "370"
---

# Chapter 370

The awards ceremony backstage scene is going crazy ahead of the live broadcast.

“Sister this is it!”

“Sohyun has arrived!”

This year too Soft Sweet has been crazy busy. It was common for members to arrive late and hastily prepare due to personal schedules.

The staff who were preparing for the performance nodded once for no reason.

‘The kids are all really pretty.’

Although they looked tired as expected from an idol group that had already reached the top Soft Sweet had the unique vibe of someone who had been particularly well managed.

‘Maybe they picked pretty girls in the first place.’

One of the reasons that led to this speculation was right next to it.

“Let’s do it right.”

“yes!”

This is because the trainee dancers who came with us were also gorgeous.

‘They said Letty was betting her life on this male group.’

You can’t believe all the entertainment industry gossip that goes around but at least half of it may be true.

They appeared to be about seven people and most of them looked handsome.

‘hmm.’

Taking advantage of the moment when his hands were free the staff took a quick look at his face. You might see it on a music program sometime next year.

And these one-sided observations and speculations are fun!

Then I found one person who was particularly calm.

‘…! He’s the real Letty-san.’

A slightly dark-looking boy wearing black slacks and a shirt. It had a neat appearance but the lines had a refined aesthetic.

And there was a delicate simplicity that seemed a bit cold.

‘oh.’

It was a moment when the staff was slightly impressed. The trainee suddenly turned his head towards the staff as if he had something to say.

“…!”

And then our eyes met.

‘oh my.’

The moment I hurriedly tried to look away as if I wasn’t observing anything.

‘Oh I’m laughing.’

The trainee gently lowered his head and then lifted it.

His natural smile exudes a softness as if he has done this a hundred times before.

Should I say that there is no pretense that seems burdensome?

The staff quickly nodded along but were secretly impressed.

‘Wow… Looks like you got a good education.’

It wasn’t.

Ryu Geon-woo who was originally a 5-year Daesang idol tester and is now a Leti trainee was sighing in relief.

‘I almost asked for my microphone.’

This was because I was so familiar with this atmosphere that my subconscious felt comfortable.

In addition the thin glasses on his face were a bit flimsy which bothered me more.

‘I put on lenses but there were no frames on top of the fake glasses… ’

This is because you have no idea what selling point they are trying to use. Why should a trainee dancer get criticized for having better styling than the idol himself?

‘Hasn’t he already been criticized for doing something like that?’

If I had eaten more rawly I would have eaten less.

However the moment I saw the soft and sweet costume that value judgment disappeared.

‘…To such a degree.’

Layers of chiffon and sparkling artificial crystals abound. It looked like it was for the red carpet at a film festival.

It made me wonder if I could dance wearing that but anyway Ryu Geon-woo was convinced after comparing it to his own costume.

‘I guess it’s roughly the concept of a butler or servant.’

It was cringeworthy but it was because it was a time when excessive concepts were rampant.

‘It’s enough as long as its existence is known.’

The part he played was just a short dance in the intro.

“Please take care of me~”

“Thank you senior.”

After nodding his head with Sohyun who had matched with him only once during an in-house rehearsal he walked in step with the other trainees.

Nearby I heard whispering in a lowered voice.

“Oh you’re so pretty.”

“Uh oh. Hey but my personality is a bit…”

‘Hey.’

Thanks to this Ryu Geon-woo wholeheartedly accepted Cheongryeo’s decision to pick up VTIC members.

It wasn’t for no reason that Shinno and Judan who were in the back row of the lineup were brought in.

‘It’s full of unexploded bombs.’

Maybe the agency is so blind that they only look at faces and talents but they can’t tell what they can’t say in public.

“hmm?”

“no.”

Cheongryeo who was standing next to him noticed Ryu Geon-woo’s gaze and even explained further.

“Ah that one. “I once took him with me as a test… Three years after my debut my girlfriend posted a post exposing my personality.”

“…”

“Haha people really don’t change right?”

Ryu Geon-woo wouldn’t have been surprised if that guy had been buried in cement and thrown into the Han River at some point in time.

Anyway that was the end of the gossip.

“I don’t think I’ll do anything too strenuous since it’s my first performance.”

“uh. “You take care of it.”

The trainees went on stage with Soft Sweet thinking about their individual circumstances.

And that night.

An article was posted on an Internet community that only talks about celebrities especially idols.

———————==

[Letty’s next male idol debut group candidate line-up added]

It is an established opinion in academia that the girls who appeared in the Goldie Soft and Sweet intro are the debut group.

———————==

And the article explained the trainee dancers who were briefly caught on the outskirts by combining GIF files and their previously leaked selfies.

Most of them were already well-known among the agency’s fans but there was one new face.

This is Ryu Geon-woo who dances a short pair with soft and sweet Sohyun.

———————==

You said you were originally a private trainee but it looks like you joined the debut group this time?

———————==

This year as well Soft Sweet put on a stage with the so-called ‘bad taste’ concept but the intro itself was so good at embodying the dazzling princess concept that it was excessive.

Thanks to this the stage was dominated by that atmosphere so there was no need for the trainee dancers to become a hot topic with their skills or appearance but there was something unique about it.

-Wow look at Yeonsaeng’s eyes haha.

-You make eye contact like a ghost.

This is because Ryu Geon-woo inadvertently found the camera too accurately.

I tried not to overdo it but even that was unavoidable due to Jjambap.

I chose to cry and eat mustard because I thought it would have looked more awkward to look away from the camera.

But the effect took off right there.

-What is going on with Sohyun a student at the Air Force turning her face to the camera?

– So Jaehyun? Only Lee and Bigong Yeonsaeng are captured by the camera. Just looking at them it looks like they will be selected as the main protagonists of the debut team haha.

-What should I do? Leti’s live-in slave becomes my heart again.

Along with Cheongryeo who adjusted his concentration appropriately based on decades of experience Ryu Geon-woo was mentioned quite a bit in the comments.

-Letty it’s a real pine tree haha.

-Wow the genealogy is clear based on the face haha.

-Please merciful Letty give me the answer. Where is this guy with glasses from? Please please.

└We don’t know either… We are non-performing students.

└I think I know about life and death

Of course that was the end of the reaction.

Since she only appeared once as a dancer in the first place only idol fans who are very interested in Leti can catch a glimpse of her and pass by. However for the person involved it was quite a new feeling.

‘It’s been a while since I’ve had this type of monitoring.’

Ryu Geon-woo lowered the smartphone screen he was looking at.

It was fortunate that I managed to control my pace and not use facial expressions. He didn’t stand out that much.

However the new knowledge itself strangely reminded me of the day of Azusa’s first stage release.

“…”

I was in a state where I strangely felt better after seeing a few supportive comments.

A strange feeling of nostalgia came over me.

[♪♪♫♪♬♪~]

Gold Disc reruns are in full swing on TV.

Ryu Cheong-woo who was mindlessly making a PPT on his laptop in the living room looked up and was quite surprised.

“…! “Is that person behind you your brother?”

“uh.”

Suddenly I thought I would become an idol trainee but I have already made my screen debut.

‘and’

However even though it would be their first time appearing on TV like this his relatives did not show much excitement or nervousness.

instead…

‘…Satisfied?’

That’s right. It seemed closer to that side.

Is there anyone who can feel that way after seeing their first performance?

Because he’s such a calm person you probably even mistaken him for your older brother when you were young.

‘I’m not strange.’

He shrugged his shoulders. Then after taking down the PPT for a moment we looked at the TV screen that Ryu Geon-woo was watching.

“Oh there it is again.”

“okay.”

I thought about not making fun of him but there was no need to.

Ryu Geon-woo who is occasionally seen on screen looks surprisingly natural.

Liu Chengyu was purely impressed.

“Brother you didn’t want to become an idol for nothing. “You’re good at it.”

“what.”

But I didn’t notice that my brother was clenching his fists.

* * *

In!

It was only after the awards ceremony was re-aired that I finally opened the status window pop-up.

[Fame is increasing…]

+Exp 10000

The settled reputation exp is a whopping 10000.

‘They really give it away.’

Even though it’s still early days they’ve only been revealed as trainees to this extent? If it was a real game it would have failed.

‘What do you know?’

Even though I looked at it in awe I was willing to spend all my reputation points.

Coincidentally something else popped up one after another.

[Conditions met]

\: 〈Colleague Recruitment〉 has been unlocked!

-&gt; movement

‘at las.’

A new feature has come out. They even created a tab with a grandiose image banner. It is a picture of a dark shadow figure shaking hands.

[Recruiting colleagues]

Find a colleague you have a connection with.

also.

I assumed it was taken from 〈127 Section〉 but this is the format.

‘Character selection.’

This means that who appears as a colleague is random.

It’s just that the form has become more like a real mobile game compared to the characteristic drawing game but in fact the content isn’t much different.

But if you look at the word it says that there is a person with whom there is a connection…

I glanced at Liu Chengyu sitting next to me.

“hmm? why?”

“no.”

I think Park Moon-dae may be someone who knows everything about my situation and is close to me here.

‘Anyway let’s go back.’

I got up from the living room and went into the room where my bed was. And closed the door.

[brother! Are you going to do it now? go for it!]

“okay.”

I moved my fingers while watching the big moon chatter.

‘The 10th consecutive drawing… is done.’

First recruit only one.

When you press the button the screen spins and a shining star flies from the black space…

…turns off?

[failure!]

what.

[Would you like to try again?]

-Use Exp 1000

I was speechless looked at the status window and realized the reality.

1000 reputation points just disappeared.

“…”

This…

[sorry! sorry! I didn’t do this! It’s true!]

“…embrace.”

Come to think of it in section 127… there was a low probability of this kind of crap.

And it was BM that set this crappy exchange fee. So it is the fault of the game companies who developed the game profit model this way.

T1!

‘…Now that I say it it’s my company.’

Anyway how are you? I personally signed the contract and guarantee that those kids are crazy about money.

‘for a moment.’

Thinking like that opens my eyes. I immediately scrolled through the status window and looked at past pop-ups.

And I found it.

[-Recruit your colleagues and awaken.]

Recruitment and awakening are separate.

This can’t be…

“…The experience points used for recruitment and the experience points used for awakening are set separately.”

So after recruiting a companion you also need reputation points to awaken them separately…

[Ugh 1!]

yes.

Awakening is leveling up and recruitment is drawing… Of course it costs money to draw and level up.

Of course… isn’t it common sense in games?

“…Whew.”

I took a deep breath.

[Hyung-hyung are you okay??]

“uh.”

Very okay.

very.

After pressing the eyes I tapped the ‘1-time recruitment’ button again.

Then a picture appears of roughly brass and silver swirling through the black universe without impact.

It seems to have worked normally this time…

[★★ Kim Ik-je / Sub Vocal]

[★ Lee Ha-ram / Subdancer]

[Do you want to face it like this?]

Who are you?

No there is no need for an exclamation.

‘Why do people who don’t know come out?’

It’s obvious.

A star or two? It is a dummy character that always fills the lottery pool.

I suppressed my sleep and covered my face with my hands.

‘But where did the star come from?’

〈127 Section〉 has no concept so where did you get the mass-produced lottery game system you idiot?

[ㅈ;ㅔJeje didn’t do it.]

“embrace.”

It must be a system.

I think I misunderstood something. I guess this bastard didn’t want me to settle down here. Are you doing something like this?

…or not.

‘Are you interfering?’

Are you trying to make me give up somehow after seeing the explanation text added to awakening?

‘That’s funny.’

Anyone can waste money on gambling.

You don’t even need willpower. Just press your finger!

Instead of greeting the chosen colleague I sent him to my spare inventory.

Then out of the remaining 7000 experience I spent 5000 experience and pressed the button 5 times.

Da da da da da da da da!

[Oh my!]

Don’t be scared I was going to screw this up anyway!

And again the light flashes insincerely.

[★ Dongho Choi / Sub Rapper]

[failure!]

[★★ Jin Yoon-tae / Visual]

[★ Kim Seok-won / Subdancer]

Also unknown people pass by. In the meantime there was even a failure.

‘Fuck you!’

But last.

Aurora lights flash.

[~♪♬♪~]

Musical notes passing over the stars.

“…!!”

I swallowed.

‘no way.’

Who knows the situation this time? Eye-poppingly brilliant light crosses the universe and explodes from the status window.

And the next phrase is…

[WOW!]

[★★★★★ Cha Yu-jin / Center]

“…”

[…]

uh…?
