---
title: "Chapter 371"
category: "book"
index: 370
section: "Chapter 371"
slug: "371"
---

# Chapter 371

Cha Yujin.

A center with ‘Characteristic\: Black Hole (S)’.

With a crazy combination of conditions optimized for idols from skills to mentality he has Triple A stats at a young age. I won’t even go to the military and won’t have a gap year.

No wonder the system gave this guy 5 stars.

However… there are other conditions.

[Chacha Yujin you don’t know anything right?]

“Oh I don’t know.”

This guy… changes his body returns to the past a status window pops up and he’s completely innocent and doesn’t know anything.

And that’s why they’re the most difficult type of person to explain properly.

-OK. So you used to know me but you went back in time and became a different person?

-Call 911?

‘It’s ruined.’

I sighed and rubbed my face.

However the status window flashes very excitedly.

[Do you want to face it like this?]

“…uh.”

Fuck that I can’t not accept it.

[Recruiting first colleagues]

\: 〈Companion Awakening〉 has been unlocked!

-&gt; movement

Another new tab was opened.

I immediately opened the pop-up. This time instead of a banner something like a list of game friends appears…

[Awakening companion]

Jaehyun Shin\: Today’s workout (*^^*)

Cha Yu-jin\: Sleeping soundly (―p―)zZ

“…”

You can see dot images of each guy that look like emoticons. This too… seems to have been implemented as a degraded version of &lt;127 Section&gt;.

It may be a bit absurd but it might not be a bad idea for information seeking purposes. Although it is shabby.

…It’s nice to see Cha Yu-jin’s name for the first time in a while. Anyway it seems like everyone else is here too.

“after.”

I sighed and checked my remaining Exp. 2000.

‘I’m sure failure won’t appear even when leveling up.’

Isn’t that crossing a line that wasn’t even seen in the ‘127 Section’ game? Of course it was a mistake when systems like star ratings were introduced.

‘If you think of it as a reinforcement concept there is a possibility of failure.’

And if it fails it just evaporates.

“Is there something like a probability table here?”

What percentage is a failure what percentage is a five star rating etc.

Shouldn’t we at least know the expected value and calculate it?

[wait a minute!]

The pop-up of the big moon which disappeared in a hurry slowly reappeared as if creeping in a moment later.

[There is no such thing…]

“…”

Minimum expectations… shattered.

Well in the first place there was nothing in the colleague recruitment banner.

I’m not even angry anymore. I am a god for expecting morality from this crazy system. I looked at the ceiling of the room and held back a sigh.

Then I realized that there was a postal sign in the top corner of the status window.

‘for a moment.’

What do you mean by that?

Clicked.

[Failure consolation money has arrived…]

+10G

+10G

“…”

Please note that there is no gold tab in this status window.

In other words it is a false product. It must have been created during the process of overwriting the existing 127 section skin.

‘You’re stuffing the text with gold you damn bastard… ’

I looked away because I felt like my blood vessels would burst if I continued. And then we returned to the main topic.

Awakening colleagues!

[Colleague\: Would you like to awaken Cha Yu-jin?]

-Use Exp 1000

Are you coming?

I pressed OK.

Then an unusual light appears in Cha Yu-jin’s dot image.

[Leap towards emergency…]

And a few seconds later.

Fanfare erupts from Cha Yu-jin’s handwriting.

[First awakening successful!]

Done.

I clenched my fists. It is not because of the thrill of success.

‘So what happens?’

I need to check how valid the explanation I pasted is but after summoning my colleagues there is no realistic comment other than these emoticons.

‘What are you asking me to do as a colleague?’

It was then.

Another pop-up quietly appears.

[&lt;Communication&gt; has been unlocked!]

“…!”

It’s impossible to make people talk to their colleagues through the status window like Geoldal…

[I have contact information…]

Cha Yujin\: 858-XXX-XXXX

“…”

He gave me a real number without any hesitation.

No if you look closely… this even has an area code in the United States.

San Diego California USA.

‘Damn it.’

I pounded the bed with my fist.

Is Cha Yu-jin in the US?

So Sangtae was sleeping?

* * *

Cha Yu-jin had a dream.

In the dream he left his hometown and took a job in a foreign country the country of origin of his lineage.

-Take your STAR. Hello this is Testa!

He was a KPOP idol!

It was a job he never imagined would appear in his life.

From the moment I impulsively accepted the scouting offer that suddenly came in after the semester ended everything was decided in an instant.

There was one reason.

It was fun!

And he made his debut in a good team…

-Yujin is the best at this.

They were good members.

It wasn’t always a good thing but in the end every moment ended with a good result.

Exciting… your own life more dynamic than ever!

At that moment he knew.

‘This isn’t a dream.’

Cha Yu-jin opened her eyes.

And at that moment he realized that he remembered the past not a dream.

“Whoa.”

6 am.

He stretched out his arm and silenced the alarm that had not yet gone off.

Then I walked out to the kitchen drank some water and reflected on what had happened.

‘ah.’

The hair that wasn’t dyed felt somehow awkward. therefore…

Who are you?

‘Cha Yu-jin 23 a member of the KPOP group Testa.’

However Cha Yu-jin’s body is currently living in a completely different situation. He went to the local high school and was on the football team…

I didn’t know much about KPOP. Until just yesterday.

‘Wait was that really yesterday?’

I couldn’t figure out what was going on. Apparently he had been on vacation for a long time and went to a friend’s house to hang out…

Is this actually a dream?

He brought his hand to his face without much hesitation.

puck.

“cadet.”

It hurt so bad.

He criticized his judgment for hitting his face and realized why he had criticized him.

Because I’m going to go on stage and I don’t want my face to be disfigured.

“hmm.”

He set down his glass of water and shrugged.

‘I’m an idol.’

It was right to start from there.

All of the knowledge and information tips I remembered are by no means fake. A sophisticated and realistic experience that a lunatic cannot invent.

‘On the contrary this one is more suspicious.’

He rubbed his chin. Isn’t life at this local high school too dull compared to your own life?

It’s no different from middle school.

‘Well anyway.’

First he texted the numbers of other Testa members…

‘…I don’t know?’

Well who in this world memorizes other people’s numbers these days?

He shrugged and tried to think of his next move. But before that an alarm appeared on the smartphone.

Ding dong.

It was a message from the Facelook account.

And that’s all in Korean.

-Apple\: Hello.

-Apple\: I’m Moon Dae Park. If you remember please reply.

Typeface with a familiar tone of voice.

“oh my god.”

Cha Yu-jin laughed.

How can they appear at the most perfect time every time?

He tapped the screen with one hand.

-I’m from America lol

-I’m going to Korea tomorrow!

Losing my savings on airfare seemed to be the same thing anyway. Cha Yu-jin giggled.

* * *

“…So we are now waiting for the former member to enter the country from the United States?”

“okay.”

I nodded.

I wasn’t very happy about being called a former member but there was no need to be rude to the guy who followed me to the airport.

“It’s an unusual variable that past memories can come back at random. “I wonder if I really need to use it.”

Cheongryeo is manipulating something with her smartphone with a sad expression on her face.

That bastard seems to be acting under the complete assumption that this is reality.

‘…I understand.’

Because it wasn’t just once or twice.

For a moment I thought about telling this guy… about the dog but stopped.

‘I have to tell the story only when I see a solution.’

If I try it now won’t it just make me turn around even more? I held back a sigh and held up a placard.

[Welcome Testa Cha Yu-jin]

…It’s embarrassing but my face is different from before so there’s nothing I can do.

‘It was fortunate that I was able to find the Facelook account using the phone number.’

And fortunately not long after holding this one guy passed the gate and ran out excitedly.

A guy wearing a jumper that looks like a ski suit and swinging a suitcase around with one hand.

“brother!”

Ordinary person Cha Yu-jin.

I was speechless for a moment and had a strange feeling… Wait how old is that guy?

The pale young Cha Yu-jin stops in the middle and frowns.

“Hyung Moon Dae?”

“uh. grow.”

Come to your senses.

No matter how old this baby is we will first have to explain why his body is different before we can proceed.

But before I could open my mouth that guy opened it first.

“He looks like Moon Dae but he’s a different person. “Have you ever had plastic surgery?”

“…Similar.”

“Oh…”

“greatness.”

I heard the sound of a young cub pecking. I pressed my eyebrows and muttered.’

“Anyway… I’ll give you the password to our dorm so you can try everything first.”

“There is no need for that. “That’s right bro!”

“…okay?”

“yes. [Only among us Moon Dae hyung says things like that.]”

Cha Yu-jin smiled.

“I know. So please explain!”

“…okay.”

I left the airport with a guy who used a mix of written expressions from “Azusa” just because he was a little younger.

And a game room in Seoul.

“…That’s how it happened.”

I somehow managed to finish explaining the nonsense situation in just one hour.

I’m breaking into a cold sweat.

‘Even as I summarize it it becomes more and more shameful… ’

I covered my twitching mouth with coffee. I had no idea what Cha Yu-jin would answer.

But the guy nodded obediently.

[This is some kind of parallel dimensional multiverse. Right?]

“…??”

Cha Yu-jin… do you understand this?

Also in those terms?

The guy shrugged his shoulders.

[Plus the alien mind parasite… Limestone movies like that kind of thing. I know that much.]

At the same time he seemed to be wondering why he liked such boring stuff but I’m just thankful that he convinced me. I can’t believe I owe this much to Limestone.

Of course it is possible because the evidence is felt now.

Because life has changed.

[Anyway somehow I didn’t feel like this was my reality.]

Cha Yu-jin who said ‘I found all my memories’ shook her head as she took a shot of hot chocolate.

[I’m so bored. What can I say as if the tape was played repeatedly?]

Is that so?

[And there’s no way I could be a quarterback candidate this easily. It’s a world of 6’3″ and above.]

Cha Yu-jin grumbled saying that for a 6-foot tall person to succeed there should have been more adversity and mountains to jump over.

I agreed.

“I feel like I’ve set the right conditions. “The age doesn’t even match.”

“that’s right. That senior? “He’s no longer a senior but a senior. He was originally older.”

Cha Yu-jin pointed to Cheongryeo quite politely.

“…”

That guy… lived much longer than you thought.

Anyway Cheongryeo who was singled out is processing something on her smart phone without any disturbance.

“Are you busy?”

“We need to adjust our debut schedule a little bit.”

Are you adjusting your schedule…?

At that time Cha Yu-jin suddenly intervened.

“debut?”

“It looks like I have to become famous to give the kids their memories back. “I guess that’s like game experience.”

“Uhm…”

A look of confusion passed over Cha Yu-jin’s face for a moment but she soon understood.

“OK I got it.”

what.

“I’m debuting too!”

Cha Yu-jin grinned.

“If I’m there the group will become famous faster.”

“…!”

It was an arrogantly confident statement but I couldn’t refute it.

“And we can get back to testing soon! Everyone let’s find something and do something!”

“…what?”

Cha Yu-jin grinned.

[Anything! I have to find a way back. Testaro!]

This bastard…

It felt like the 17-year-old kid was quite trustworthy.

But it seems it wasn’t the other guy.

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo looked Cha Yujin up and down was silent for a moment as if estimating livestock and then briefly concluded.

“I don’t think it will work.”

“…!”

However Cha Yu-jin had no sense of hitting.

“Everyone has the opportunity to challenge themselves. The group hasn’t debuted yet. So it’s not yours.”

Trying to beat them with facts.

However Cheongryeo also has no sense of hitting.

“There seems to be a misunderstanding.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“It’s not me the company won’t accept Eugene.”

“…!?”

And it’s said like a death sentence.

“Because that’s not the look LeTi prefers.”

“…”

“…”

I am now thinking of the debut group and Shinno Judan Cheongnyeo. And finally I thought about my current appearance.

…It all feels somewhat gloomy and cold doesn’t it?

And finally I saw 17-year-old Cha Yu-jin sitting in front.

This guy looks like his eyes are about to explode.

hmm.

Definitely… I feel a bit out of place when this guy comes in.

“I’m really good at it. Is that still true?”

“well. Even if you ask me… I’m not the owner of the company.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“Just like you said.”

Oh this guy is mad.

To be honest with Cha Yu-jin’s abilities even if they don’t let her debut right away if her agency has eyes they will keep her anyway.

‘LeTi would do the same.’

But when I see a guy I know doing something like that I’m going to kick him out.

Cha Yu-jin looked at Cheongryeo clearly and then nodded without hesitation.

“OK. Then bro come out there. “Find a new agency with me!”

“for a moment.”

The agency doesn’t produce new talent every quarter and if that continues there’s no telling when they’ll be able to debut again.

‘I’m going crazy.’

I pressed my eyebrows. Cheongryeo said without erasing her smile.

“That’s right.”

Cha Yu-ji looked at Cheongryeo in silence for a moment and then opened her mouth quite seriously.

[I don’t know why you’re being so hostile but don’t you want to go back? Your group already exists. Don’t you miss them?]

“…”

Should one of them have been silenced?

[We can find a way to go back together but I don’t know why we don’t.]

Cheongryeo looked at Cha Yujin without an expression. I was ready to move if the situation arises.

‘Now… Isn’t that an unexploded bomb being picked up with an iron skewer?’

But after a while. The words that came out of his mouth were refreshing.

“is it so?”

“…!”

“I see. “When I think about it… I think I may have been too complacent.”

Cheongryeo twisted his mouth.

“It’s not like there’s a mission haha!”

Oh fuck…

Just as I was about to get up Cheongryeo stopped laughing.

“So let’s go with the logic of survival of the fittest.”

what?

Cheongnyeo laughed.

“Now that I think about it this is the first time I’ve heard this… Do you know how many people my group originally had?”

Five people.

But that didn’t seem to be what this guy meant.

This guy’s untouched… the first VTIC.

“Nine people.”

“…!”

“Quite a lot right? haha. The current debut group of seven includes two more members… Where do you think those two people suddenly appeared?”

“…”

Why was there a team change at the last minute?

‘If we were to judge by considering the timing.’

I answered reflexively.

“Survival Program.”

“that’s right.”

Cheongryeo picked up her smartphone again.

“There was originally an in-house survival program conducted by LeTi in partnership with Tnet.”

Although it was helpful in forming a fandom in the beginning more provocative idol survival games were rampant and Testa lost much of its momentum during the time when it was active.

But at this point it’s still a trend.

“But people’s minds are very difficult to control. Right? “The more unspecified the majority becomes the more variables become visible.”

Cheongryeo’s eyes narrowed.

“So at some point I just let it go…”

The guy put down his smartphone and spoke lightly.

“I’ll just leave it alone this time.”

“…!”

“Only whoever survives will debut.”

“that.”

“It’s reasonable right? “Efficient.”

I swallowed. X is done.

-Let the person who wins the in-house survival program debut.

At first glance Cheongryeo’s words sound like a freedom to give up influence over the group. Because we want to debut with whoever survives.

But actually no.

‘The influence this guy has on his agency is ridiculous.’

I don’t know if I’m finding a weakness memorizing and using the butterfly effect or both. Still it was certain.

But how could this guy just let survival run its course?

‘That’s crazy to begin with.’

I’m sure this guy has already seen what happens if he leaves that survival alone.

‘There will definitely be a designated appointee.’

And this time this guy will make up all the nominees. VTIC was selected by this guy as the best… I am the one to replace the main vocalist.

In short… that’s just a declaration of ‘I will make you X before debut’.

‘Fuck you.’

I hastily opened my mouth.
