---
title: "Chapter 372"
category: "book"
index: 371
section: "Chapter 372"
slug: "372"
---

# Chapter 372

“As you said survival has too many variables. “There’s no need to do that.”

“is it so? “My junior also debuted in survival so I thought he would prefer it.”

Cheongryeo walked away looked at me and Cha Yujin in turn and spoke softly.

“Don’t worry too much. Won’t you become the person you want to be? haha!”

“…”

I get goosebumps. This guy has come to a conclusion.

It won’t work.

“wait for a sec.”

I stood up holding Cha Yujin’s arm.

“I know you’re upset but let’s cool down and talk again.”

“Well I wasn’t particularly angry. “That’s true right?”

Don’t act like you’re not upset when you’re really upset.

“Why are we overreacting when we say we will give everyone equal opportunities?”

“I like that… ugh!”

you stay still

“Okay let’s meet again tomorrow and talk.”

I hurriedly took Cha Yu-jin and got up then looked back at Cheongryeo.

Eh I don’t know. say it

“…Thank you for coming to the airport today and have a safe trip.”

“…”

Cheongryeo seemed a little agitated but now the priority is to catch this bastard that is running wild like a colt.

“You watch your mouth.”

“iced coffee! “Mundae-hyung it hurts!”

As soon as I left the game room I slapped Cha Yu-jin on the back.

“The current situation is a mess so we have to say the right things while taking into account the atmosphere.”

“I didn’t even see that senior! “There’s no reason to be the only one looking at me!”

“…”

That’s… Anyway this guy is only saying the right things.

‘Cheongryeo was more openly aggressive than I thought.’

It was unexpected. I thought they would just gently coax him into becoming a trainee at his agency and say things like eliminating his competition.

Rather than making calculations to use it comes from arranging the rankings…

I clicked my tongue. It didn’t taste very sweet.

‘…That bastard must have lost his mind too.’

After struggling so hard and adjusting to the reality of raising a dog I suddenly found myself starting over again?

It was wise not to go crazy.

I took my hand away from Cha Yu-jin and held back a sigh.

“…okay. You didn’t do anything wrong. But he also has his own circumstances.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugs.

[We all have our own circumstances but that doesn’t mean we can act like bisexuals.]

“…”

You’re saying the right things so I don’t have anything to reply to.

“okay. Anyway you’ll have to get used to the jet lag today so get some sleep first. “Where did you find accommodation?”

“no!”

“…”

“The plane ticket was expensive. Are you going to that motel?”

He says it so clearly.

“Just… follow me.”

I’m already at a loss as to what I should explain to Ryu Cheong-woo but that doesn’t mean I can’t leave a guy who has no money to come to Korea to sleep on the street.

‘If only this bastard wasn’t 17… ’

With Cha Yu-jin in tow I returned home to the officetel where I had also spent a few nights.

Ding-dong.

As a courtesy ring the doorbell once.

“brother?”

And when Cha Yu-jin sees Ryu Cheong-woo coming out the front door she is delighted.

“Do you have Chungwoo? “Did you come first?”

“I heard they’re relatives and they’re living alone together.”

“OK…”

Cha Yu-jin speaks to Ryu Cheong-woo with a slightly new face.

“I don’t know?”

“huh?”

Liu Chengyu seemed to think for a moment about what the situation was but then burst into laughter.

The kid looks young so I don’t think there’s much suspicion.

“Did your brother introduce you to me?”

“okay. “This is Cha Yu-jin.”

He roughly explained that he was an international pen pal as part of a school program and came to Korea all of a sudden.

Liu Chengwu was impressed.

“You are a courageous friend.”

“What is courage?”

If it were a real situation like that you wouldn’t have anything to say even if you were beaten with a broom and dragged home.

In fact it seems like there was a lot of talk at that guy’s house but the family customs were so liberal that they got permission after escaping.

I pressed my eyes.

‘…I’m sure you’ll pay my living expenses.’

At least it’s not the worst. I heard that the guardian continues to take care of me.

“Can I just stay for a few days until I find this guy a house?”

“of course. “My friend went to bed too so what?”

“thank you! Please take care of me!”

Cha Yu-jin occupied the guest room and utility room and I went into my room and started thinking in earnest.

How on earth should I deal with this situation?

Just in case I checked the status window… Let’s not talk about it.

[colleague]

[Shin Jae-hyeon\: Working hard (//-^)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Adapting to the new room (〉ㅅ〈=☆)]

The problem is that I have no idea what the first guy is working so hard at.

And what is the shade of that emoticon? A sign that you’re upset?

‘after’

The goal is tense.

At that time a pop-up appeared in the status window. It’s a big month.

[Are you okay?]

“okay.”

It’s not like they said they would kill each other and this kind of mess was fully expected… no they had to deal with it.

[Hyung I… If you could debut in the same group as only one of you what would you do?]

I thought about it for a moment but there is a neat answer here anyway.

“I guess I should go with someone who is likely to become more famous in a short period of time.”

[Is it that simple?]

“It’s simple.”

I sat down on the bed.

“If the goal is to get things running efficiency is the top consideration.”

The sooner we deal with it the sooner we can return to Testa’s reality. Here the emotional fight becomes entangled as it goes.

‘It seems like they’re secretly hoping for that and doing this shit.’

The system. I have no intention of being dragged along.

And when considering everything the more advantageous side is naturally Cheongryeo.

Even though the years and circumstances are a bit off the information and experience he knows about these years would be at an inhumane level.

“…”

Still if possible it is better to have both because it covers a wide range of demand.

‘Well there’s no soybean paste.’

This is a person that Cheongryeo has an advantage in so he can be tempted. Relax your mind a bit.

I frowned.

It was then.

dripping. A fairly polite knock is heard and then the door bursts open.

Who could it be? This is Cha Yu-jin.

“brother! “We made plans for tomorrow.”

“what?”

Cha Yu-jin… is making a plan?

“I’m going to find Raebin Kim…”

“…!”

“It’s okay if Kim Rae-bin doesn’t know Testa! “You just have to make an idol.”

I am indeed.

okay. Maybe it could be Kim Rae-bin. I grinned.

“good.”

“Hee hee!”

Cha Yu-jin sat on the bed in street clothes but he turned a blind eye. Because you gave a productive opinion.

And if this guy is looking for Kim Rae-bin… Since we have been trainees together before it will be easier to predict the radius of action.

“Is there anyone who can guess where I’m going?”

” there is! “Raebin Kim’s house in Gangwon-do!”

“…”

I need to reserve a KTX ticket first.

And one more thing.

“Hyung what are you doing?”

“Finding Raebin Kim.”

I turned on the Internet and accessed WeTube and Sound Mist.

If this is truly an environment where everyone can live reasonably well… isn’t it obvious what Raebin Kim is doing?

It is composition.

* * *

17-year-old Kim Rae-bin who is scheduled to enter high school this year was working hard to prepare for her future during winter vacation.

‘It passed…!’

This is my career as a composer.

He had just started his first job by exchanging emails with an agency in Seoul.

Considering his young age and lack of personal connections this was a remarkable achievement but unfortunately neither he nor his guardian had any specialized knowledge.

Thanks to this Raebin Kim was planning to get a uniform for a nearby high school next week.

Instead of putting everything on the line to demonstrate every last bit of his amazing talent he continues his peaceful daily life.

“Let’s go in before Ravin sets me up~”

“It’s already about that time! “Then I will get up.”

I was about to return home after helping out at my grandparents’ strawberry house on a sunset afternoon.

Raebin Kim who came out of the greenhouse was locking the door when he heard someone shouting.

“Raebin Kim!”

“yes!”

Everyone around here was elderly. He turned his head in response to the voice that so naturally belittled him.

But there… there were people I didn’t know.

“…??”

Those people… who are they?

“That’s right Raebin Kim!”

“okay.”

The person wearing the long padding calmly listens to the excited shouts of the person wearing the jacket in a wild and haphazard manner.

Both of them… somehow didn’t seem younger than themselves.

then!

‘I can’t believe this is the bullying of a high school student that I only heard about…!’

When I was receiving school violence education I once saw someone come to my house and discipline a student who hadn’t even entered school yet…!

He had never been bullied by anyone in his life until now but he was going to be bullied now!

Kim Rae-bin who made all her peers intimidated by her appearance stiffened her face and body with an unreasonable expectation.

“for a moment.”

However those who came closer… just had faces of joy.

And it was intense.

“…!”

One of them had the brightest eyes of anyone he had ever met in his life.

With his almost yellow eyes shining he held out a hand towards himself… and pointed a finger.

“Kim Rae-bin I found it!”

“…?”

Do you have some… business? No you shouldn’t point a finger at someone’s face before that!

However before Kim Rae-bin could ask a question the other person spoke first.

“Okay you found it.”

And look at yourself.

“Nice to meet you. “Ravin.”

A clear and solid voice that is pleasant to listen to.

It looked cold and delicate but when I looked again the eyes seemed warm. And I felt like I was crying somewhere.

For some reason my heart ached. Somehow… I felt like these two looked familiar.

‘…?’

Why?

Raebin Kim thought carefully and soon came up with an answer like a lightning bolt.

It was a very likely guess.

Raebin Kim opened his mouth with a very sorry expression.

“sorry! “I don’t remember the specifics but I’m sure the two of you are familiar with me!”

“…!”

Kim Rae-bin was unable to capture in detail the surprise and unexplained emotion that passed over the two people’s faces.

So I asked brightly.

“Are you a relative on your mother’s side?”

Is this a relative I met when I was a preschooler and don’t remember?

“…”

“…”

There was silence for a moment.

“no.”

“then…”

“I came because I have a suggestion.”

A person with a delicate expression smiled faintly.

“Scout Janede.”

“Scout??”

The strong-looking one shouted like a cheerleader.

“Become an idol with me!”

“yes…?”

Raebin Kim was confused. A person with a delicate look takes out a smartphone and turns the screen without hesitation.

It was his account.

“This is yours.”

“…!”

Without any time to think a sensitive person continues talking calmly.

It’s as if Kim Rae-bin is discussing an issue that has come to a conclusion of course.

“You must have thought about wanting to perform this song yourself on stage.”

Raebin Kim opened his mouth instead of shaking his head like he was possessed…

And five hours later as if he had been scammed he makes an appointment to go to Seoul.

‘…??’

Kim Rae-bin’s dream of becoming a small producer was hijacked by becoming an idol.

* * *

[Cha Yu-jin\: During the victory ceremony (〉ㅅ〈/)]

As soon as she returned to Seoul after exchanging contact information with Kim Rae-bin Cha Yu-jin started posting that status intermittently.

‘It worked out well.’

I shook my head while laughing.

Given his personality and talent it wouldn’t be surprising if he got scammed into a contract in an instant but the bloody impression seems to balance it out.

Of course the method of persuasion was also unique.

‘I’ll think back on that later.’

First of all… what should I do with this guy? I moved my gaze over Cha Yu-jin’s explanation.

[Shin Jae-hyun\: Thinking of a puppy (//~^)]

“…”

I’m really going crazy.

I shook my head and stood up. I ended up leaving the officetel this late at night.

As expected he was in the company’s practice room.

Alone in that practice room.

I went inside. That guy doesn’t move at all.

“It’s past midnight why are you still here?”

“…well.”

Cheongryeo was staring at the wall mirror without any expression.

“There’s no particular reason.”

Are you thinking too much that you didn’t even want to practice?

Instead of saying that I went and sat next to him.

“There’s something I didn’t mean to say before.”

Then choose the words and say them slowly.

“Before… I was grateful that Kong sent me a picture.”

“…”

“I couldn’t raise a dog because I didn’t have the conditions to do so but it was okay to look at the picture.

Cheongryeo looked into space for a moment without saying anything and then asked briefly.

“How are you?”

Beans.

“I believe that you can check for yourself.”

“well.”

Cheongryeo was not excited or angry. I just muttered slowly.

“Faith is not a matter of probability. “Isn’t that right?”

“yes.”

This means that no matter what you believe don’t expect it to actually come true.

However I have also thought about something of my own these past few days.

“But I have a heartache.”

“which?”

I crossed my arms and took a deep breath.

“The system is too friendly.”

Cheongryeo only turns her eyes and makes eye contact.

“Would you be friendly to the guy who tried to kill you? “They’re trying to get rid of it.”

If the system were truly omniscient and omnipotent and could create the entire world these troubles would end with accidental deaths.

“But… instead I only filled in good conditions. Age environment ability economic conditions…”

I suppressed the sobbing in my throat.

“Even my parents.”

“…”

Cheongryeo flinched for a moment.

“There is no favor to the enemy without reason. There is something I regret. “There is a reason to appease and please.”

“option.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo continues speaking covering her chin with one hand.

“You mean they want to make you choose this side?”

“okay.”

I calmly continued my reasoning.

“If there is no way out there is no need for people’s choices to matter. “They’re trying to tempt you to stay because you can get out of here.”

“…”

“And structurally the one with the highest probability is… the last one.”

“last.”

“okay. Clear the game. “I think there’s something good about being successful as an idol again.”

At the point where the quest is finished and you see the ending.

Isn’t it a choice between ending and going back to reality or staying in the world after the ending?

I lay down with my head in the practice room.

I felt like I was actually lying down in my company’s practice room.

“Of course this is just an assumption but I think the evidence itself is persuasive. how is it.”

“…”

Cheongnyeo released the hand covering her chin.

“I have a question.”

“what.”

“Is there any reason why I shouldn’t just stay here?”

“Because I want to go back to reality.”

I answered without hesitation.

“And actually you want to do that too.”

“…”

“Isn’t that why you didn’t even mention the dog until now?”

Isn’t it a subconscious desire to just make it like it never happened rather than suffer a useless mental blow?

“…”

Cheongryeo leaned against the wall.

It is similar to when I first woke up in this body.

And slowly open your mouth.

“I’m not sure.”

That damn thing’s defense mechanism is real.

But instead of chochi he closed his mouth. There must have been a time or two when he thought he wanted to go back but was frustrated. Fuck we have to tolerate this much.

And it was worth it.

“But… Kongi wasn’t born yet.”

“…!”

“I need to meet you before then.”

“We have to make it like that.”

I got up.

“That’s why we want to create such a group.”

It’s not VTIC or Testa it’s just a group that can get the highest efficiency in the shortest amount of time.

A risk-tolerant group that prioritizes profit over stability without considering future variables.

“A group that can win both the Rookie of the Year Award and the Grand Prize as soon as they debut.”

I declared.

“And let’s go back and watch the ending right away.”

It was a short-term project group proposal.
