---
title: "Chapter 373"
category: "book"
index: 372
section: "Chapter 373"
slug: "373"
---

# Chapter 373

A short-term project group aimed solely at achieving the highest efficiency results in a short period of time to escape from this place.

For this to be accepted we must ultimately acknowledge that reality exists separately and can be returned to.

‘The question is whether this bastard can get there.’

I kept my mouth shut. And Cheongnyeo slowly opened her mouth.

“is it so.”

It worked.

‘That’s it.’

I clenched my fists and suppressed a sigh. There is no need to show that you are relieved.

“Then survival is now…”

I was going to tell them to cancel. If it weren’t for the next words.

“hmm? “It’s already scheduled to happen.”

“…!!”

Where has this bastard been talking so far…

“Cancel.”

“hmm? I’m not the president of a broadcasting station… it’s difficult now. haha.”

I want to grind just one piece.

As if he had noticed it he finally came up with a useful reason.

“Isn’t there something that was more popular in the early days than survival?”

“……”

I touched my chin.

“Of course.”

Isn’t there a living witness here?

If it appeals to the right audience there is no better way to gather firepower in the short term than survival.

The problem is that he is the one holding the sword hilt.

“As long as you don’t do anything stupid.”

“What nonsense?”

As long as they don’t trash Cha Yu-jin on broadcast just because she’s being treated badly. You bastard.

Although he didn’t say it out loud Cheongryeo probably guessed it through nuance and shrugged his shoulders.

“Well I think there was a misunderstanding here.”

And then split it again.

It makes me feel dirty because it seems like an expression of pity for a baby.

“If there is no improper intervention do you think that your junior group member will definitely be able to debut?”

“uh.”

This guy must have seen that crazy version of ‘Azusa’ and he’s saying something obvious.

Is there any way that a guy who debuted through that crazy situation wouldn’t be able to survive as an agency in the 2010s?

‘If you get the coaching right it’s not a problem to push the chaff.’

“hmm…”

Cheongryeo stroked her chin.

“Then shall we make a bet?

“what?”

“Who debuts here more VTIC or Testa?”

That’s bullshit.

“Is this a bet? And I’ve only got two together so far.”

“I have two right now.”

“…”

In the first place isn’t the VTIC capacity half that of Testa?

“Hmm have you lost confidence?”

This guy is real.

I nodded.

“It would be better to do it in proportion. Fairly.”

“is it so. “I feel confident.”

The guy laughs haha.

“is it so. Junior. Then… let’s make a plan.”

And then he holds out his hand.

“…”

I shook the hand he held out.

It was a temporary alliance.

But then strength comes into my grasp.

“But if you get to the end and there’s nothing.”

The guy’s expression disappeared.

“If my junior’s reasoning is wrong.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo narrowed her eyes.

“From then on I just do what I planned.”

“…”

Anyway what are you digging?

‘That won’t happen.’

I nodded silently. And I also tightened my grip.

“Haha if this were real it would be a real mess.”

“It’s a nightmare.”

In this way in real life a mix-and-match survival that everyone in the fandom can enjoy was accomplished.

And after a few days of preliminary work.

The article was reported in late February and teasers began to be posted on WeTube.

* * *

The preview teaser is a typical large agency survival style.

First of all LeTi’s new headquarters is shown like a palace with great camera work.

[LeTil the cradle of global idols representing Korea

[Producer\: Never before.]

[Artist Team Leader\: It’s the best ever. It’s amazing how we got it together like this.]

[Smooth and Sweet Sohyun\: But will it be possible to win the hearts of the public in the end?]

[Sohyun Soft\: That seems like a different problem.]

Officials saying meaningful things.

And then a huge title comes out.

[Who is Superior?]

The initials are nicely grouped together in 3D graphics.

[WiS]

[Survival show to select LeTi’s next generation]

[〈Wise〉]

Wise.

The meaning of ‘hyeonmyeong’ is pronounced by mixing ‘Who is’ and ‘Why’ to capture both the meanings of ‘Why should I debut’ and ‘Who is that member?’

-Eventually it is called Letty Survival.

I thought so. I warmed up recalling Cheongryeo’s words.

There are already cameras lined up in the waiting room below the stage.

“face!”

“yes.”

Perhaps because they haven’t even debuted yet the makeup staff’s tone doesn’t have the feel of a service job. However it is less mechanical than “Azusa”.

‘Is it because there are so few people?’

I looked around the remaining faces.

There are a total of 14 people sitting on the floor of this building right now.

This number is the 7 members of the debut group plus 7 other trainees.

‘There are many faces I saw back then.’

I realized that many of the people the director had called in on my first day here were included here.

Were you instructed to scoop this up?

‘I can also see the Sinnoh Judan.’

I don’t know if the existing VTIC members were originally like that or if Cheongryeo put them in but they are here anyway.

I crossed my arms.

‘Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin are also scheduled to appear on time.’

The problem is the other guys.

The remaining Testa members… that is.

Of course I looked at all the people I could find on the Internet to see where they dispersed before the start of survival but…

“…”

In many ways it is the two youngest who are in the situation right now. Let’s start like this.

‘Because there is one more chance.’

I briefed my brain once more about the structure of this survival system that I had heard about from Cheongryeo.

-From the outside it will seem like everything revolves around the CEO’s perspective.

Soon the main camera starts rolling and lights and people appear on the stage.

14 people enter side by side.

The gaunt-faced CEO sitting in the judges’ seat right in front of the stage began the briefing.

He was the face of a popular singer-songwriter group in the 90s.

“You will no longer be treated with respect as a trainee but as a fellow singer. “Did you know?”

“yes.”

“great. “Then I will explain the rules of this program to you the gods of LeTi.”

The explanation continues after intentionally stopping a beat.

“This is survival.”

“…!”

“yes?”

Even though I heard that there was money in the company the acting is quite good. There were 14 people to begin with so it was natural to expect that there would be some who were eliminated.

I just stood there with a stiff expression on my face.

“Who will be eliminated how many will be eliminated who will debut how long they will debut… it’s all unknown.”

Don’t the words before and after mean the same thing?

Anyway everyone swallows their saliva with a proud look on their faces.

“You run towards your dream but to achieve that dream you have to overcome a lot of competition.”

“…”

“So from now on whoever wins the competition will survive.”

– Honor class and inferior class. At first we divide it like that.

It was literally like that.

Task number 1 of which everyone was notified in advance.

[Show a solo performance.]

This was the main content of episode 1.

“You have to do well but star quality is just as important as doing well. “I will also use charm which cannot be converted into numbers as a standard for evaluation.”

Even if the verdict is X it means that it is because you are unattractive.

“yes!”

Those who responded energetically came out one by one and performed a dance or singing talent show before entering.

‘You interpreted the meaning of performance broadly.’

Although that won’t happen I watch the stage while controlling my facial expressions so that I don’t get caught.

The quality is… very good for a trainee. but.

‘There is a bit of a difference from the debut group.’

I laughed inwardly.

‘I informed you late on purpose.’

In episode 1 the remaining 7 members were used as food to boost the 7 members of the debut group.

In those rookie days there is a huge difference between practicing for a week and practicing for a month.

Probably wouldn’t have said it out loud. They must have encouraged differences to the extent of secretly spreading rumors among the debut group.

like this

-Did you hear about the solo performance? Oh not yet? No guys practice~

‘I’ll be there for 3 months so there’s no need to pick up rumors.’

Anyway so the honors and inferiors classes are almost the same.

The debut group is an honors class. The rest are inferior classes. I watched Sinnoh and Judan go to inferior classes. There is no change in Cheongryeo’s expression.

‘hmm.’

Are you trying to create a striking image?

It was then.

“Next performance… Ryu Geon-woo.”

“yes.”

It was my turn. I got up and moved.

9th. Ambiguous location.

First stage.

‘Actually… it’s not that important.’

In a survival game like Azusa where a large number of people fall in half in an instant a single hit is important but you have to look at it longer than that.

First of all all stages will be broadcast.

‘Here only images are taken stably.’

I grabbed the head microphone and waited quietly.

A song came out.

* * *

LeTi’s president who was currently sitting in front of the stage for the survival show actually didn’t have much interest in each of the trainees.

What I’m interested in is the company’s growth and greater success.

Fame and wealth come from there!

‘That’s business.’

The former singer and current businessman who has already gone more than a decade without releasing an album has crossed his fingers.

Still he had eyes to see. Because these good seeds were carefully selected and selected.

The president quickly skipped through the rehearsal and practice videos scanning the people he identified mainly based on the documents he had received.

[Summary of candidate list]

Typefaces that have been refined through various experts do not deviate easily. And he didn’t have time to waste on each one.

Moreover this one in particular was just as described. The guy who came out in front now.

-21 year old Ryu Geon-woo.

After going through the new product details the description written in the first line of the feature is this.

-Visual image pursued in the project

‘He looks very handsome.’

Even among the good guys he was a strikingly handsome guy.

The lines are straight and the atmosphere has an intellectual feel.

It seemed like if he showed himself a little dissatisfied the public would foam at the mouth and vote him out.

‘okay.’

The stance was set. It would be fun to be a bit harsh first.

The president crossed his arms.

“Start.”

The lighting on the outskirts of the stage disappears and a spotlight shines brightly on Ryu Geon-woo.

And the elegant and heavy music you hear.

“hmm.”

It’s jazz pop.

Under slightly dim lighting a white face puts his mouth to a standing microphone.

[In a sweet life

There are things you need.

music dance wine maybe rose]

Pop songs have been a popular choice for performances recently especially for aspiring idols.

Tone rather than high notes. Because there are many songs with a structure that is good for a suitable lead vocalist.

And if the song was chosen to show the best of one’s considerable ability that would have been the best but this time was an exception.

[Life in the Clouds

Twinkle stars]

There is no nervousness awkward tone or clumsy vocalization.

The sound that rings the microphone is as complete as the original song with no regrets.

“…!”

Not a single sound of amateurism. The tone flows like deep wine.

[When the piano sounds

Blooming in white smoke

jazz…]

The president reflexively glanced at Ryu Geon-woo’s next written evaluation.

-High-level vocal skills

…Isn’t it a devaluation to simply evaluate this as being of a high standard?

-3rd place in total evaluation at the end of this month

But is it okay to dance here?

and…

-disadvantage \: /

Blank. I was thrilled.

[Hmm umumm Lalala-la…]

High-quality products that have not yet been consumed with a flawless image of a perfect gemstone shine on the stage.

And the stage was still full of voices. Until the first verse ends with soft and weighty technique.

[Twinkle stars]

With that single unaccompanied high note the sound that had filled my ears disappeared in an instant.

All that remains is a handsome face speaking from a standing mic.

“…”

For a moment the silence felt horribly empty…

The president was silent not intentionally but truly at a loss for words.

‘What the hell… ’

Where did this guy come out at the age of 20?

It was then.

A low voice rings out.

“thank you.”

“…!”

“ah.”

Clap clap clap…!!

Applause erupts from all over the place one step behind Ryu Geon-woo’s thank you.

This atmosphere of being overwhelmed.

‘…just now!’

And the president grabbed the microphone.

You can edit the detailed review later and include it in the interview. I had to say this now.

I got that feeling. The feeling of a broadcaster and businessman!

“Our Mr. Geon-woo… he’s only been a trainee for three months right? “I was originally a college student.”

“yes.”

“What university are you a student at?”

The young man in front of me answers calmly without any change in his expression.

“I go to Yonhee University.”

This is the perfect place for a cut scene. And the boss laughed inwardly.

‘Be thankful.’

By giving this amount.

“Then why do you want to be a singer?”

I intentionally didn’t add an idol. This was so as not to give the dance any room to interfere with my thoughts.

‘If it’s sung this well and the corrections are done well it’s sure to produce an amazing picture.’

Well everyone would want this guy to become a singer but…

“I think I can challenge myself to do other good things even if I just graduate from college.”

It explodes here.

‘Come now!’

Ryu Geon-woo looked at himself without much change in expression.

It seemed like he wasn’t aware of the camera. Words come out naturally.

“In my life… I’ve never been this happy.”

And a faint smile spreads.

“So I think this is the right answer. And you can’t leave the correct answer and choose something else. “This is it.”

“…”

A simple unadorned taste like a student without any sense of entertainment.

A valuable item for trainee survival.

This is… done!

The president picked up the microphone with an exhilarating feeling.

“Did you see it everyone? The period is not important. “What’s important is that mindset.”

Raise your hand and point to the trainee on stage.

“That clear sign that I will debut! “That’s number one.”

And that’s a nice way to say it.

“congratulations. Mr. Ryu Geon-woo. There’s nothing more to say. “It’s an honors class.”

This was the highlight.

“…thank you.”

Ryu Geon-woo seemed to be choking so he answered a little late and bowed his head.

‘He’s a good guy to use.’

He smiled inwardly.

But it was the same for the opponent.

‘How can the superiors all have the same ideas no matter how big or small they are?’

It’s about effort and mindset.

Ryu Geon-woo who had adjusted his answer to allow the president to say as much as he wanted was nodding inwardly.

* * *

[Congratulations really! The first shoot was the best!]

“okay.”

After filming was over the agency said that there was not enough footage and sent them back to their homes instead of the survival dorms.

‘Thanks to you I have time to think.’

Coincidentally Liu Chengwu went to MT. Seeing that he takes pictures of the mountains and sends them it seems like his hobby is still alive and well here.

And I sat in my room lost in thought.

…But I never thought that Keundall would make ‘that statement’ at that moment.

[If things continue like this I think my debut will go smoothly?? brother!]

I suppressed my sleep. And then I clenched my chin.

“That’s how it should be.”

[yes…?]

You have to do well.

Otherwise it’s because you feel so embarrassed.

I recalled my prior conversation with Cheongryeo.

-But in the end the junior who debuts with whom will have to debut.

-That’s right.

In the end I am the one who has to collect experience points because the ghost of the system is attached again.

Then the guy lifted his chin and spoke like he was serious.

-Would you like to be able to debut unconditionally?

-what?

-Um no. You said it wrong. This is not a recommendation. Of course it should be that way.

-…

-Haha are you really taking care of your pride here?

And I’m like fuck. I realized that if I tried to stop this bastard because he was offended I would be a fool who couldn’t understand what was right.

-Is that possible?

So this is what happened.

[Are you manipulating Joe??]

“…In the worst case scenario yes.”

If it looks like I’m going to be eliminated that bastard will end up using his hands to enter the group through the back door.

I suppressed the feeling of crumpling.

‘That won’t work.’

A person with dignity deserves to receive the grand prize and then see the embarrassment of not being able to debut.

“It will never happen like that and we will plan well and attack so don’t worry.”

[Of course! I trust you too!]

Are you coming?

Just like in Azusa I had to plan every moment properly. I gradually predicted my image and drew up the future composition.

‘I’ll probably focus my image on students from prestigious universities and go for special positions. That’s what the question was about.’

Then… I guess I’ll have to show my more adult side. And it would be better to quietly cooperate with the group assignment.

It would be okay to look a little naive. The president has a strong say so I have to appeal to him.

“hmm.”

[Well I think it will work out!]

“okay.”

I went to sleep that night after coming up with a few alternative plans.

And that very week.

In &lt;Wise&gt; unlike &lt;Azusa&gt; the agency which already knew the participants’ tendencies attitudes and characters passed on the contestant data to the broadcast production team.

So without having enough time to observe and plan a storyline the footage shot that day was quickly edited and the second trailer was released right away.

And the moment the profiles of 14 people were released…

-Mimi ㅣ A man with glasses has appeared

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅅㅂGreat job!!

“…??”

I… realized the reality. Didn’t you experience it through Data Pal and ‘Azusa’?

An idol’s first impression was their appearance.
