---
title: "Chapter 374"
category: "book"
index: 373
section: "Chapter 374"
slug: "374"
---

# Chapter 374

Let’s think about the time of Azusa.

Even though I went platinum on the first stage I didn’t receive much attention in the beginning ending with just a few comments.

But now?

Even though only the profile is public new posts appear.

[There is a soft and sweet guy with glasses in Letty Survival Wise]

[Letty Survival trainee lineup that seems to have gone well]

[Where did Letty catch these guys? (Summary)]

Every time I click on an article like this most of the time I am included.

“…”

I scrolled down then lowered my smartphone and suppressed my sleep.

Was it really all about appearance stats?

Of course the fact that she was a soft and sweet dancer just before was appealing as she looked ‘natural on stage’ and seemed to have acted as a catalyst but…

‘Still the difference in buzz amount is this big.’

He hesitantly touched my face. Then I went to the sink and looked in the mirror.

“hmm.”

I thought about it from the beginning but I think I’m definitely better than I was when I was a civil service exam student before.

I don’t know if it’s because the stats that were naturally increased at Park Moon-dae are still there or because Ryu Geon-woo is living well here.

‘Probably both.’

There seems to be a difference of about one letter in the stat grade. Still to this extent?

– Damn it’s Letty-san ㅅㅂSacred Boneㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Shin Jae-hyeon and Ryu Geon-woo starting today I will put them in my mother-in-law and live with them. Leti 1 Leti! Letty!

-This is the fundamental male idol agency.

‘…I guess there’s also a matter of taste.’

During the test my appearance seemed to have blended in and become a bit more neutral but Ryu Geon-woo has a rather bleak look.

And I guess that’s the so-called ‘Letisan’.

It has yet to be aired on LeTi’s in-house survival program. Naturally only people who were originally interested in the agency clicked on the article so it seemed like that factor was at work.

‘This year’s trainees are all like that without exception so I think there’s a greater synergy effect.’

All 14 people have a similarly gloomy feeling as if they were chosen on purpose.

As a result not only Ryu Geon-woo but about four or five people also posted quite a few posts just with their profile pictures.

‘The VTIC guys are also mentioned quite a bit.’

The mention of Judan and Sinnoh is also quite noticeable. One guy seemed to have suffered a loss because his profile picture didn’t look as good as the real thing.

In any case the program received quite a lot of attention for an in-house survival program and was steadily growing in mention.

Thanks to you I also received this.

[Fame is increasing…]

+Exp 15000

Again fame increased handsomely.

‘Is this enough for 15 rounds of recruiting colleagues?’

I removed the pop-up and looked at the default status window list below it.

[Colleague List]

Jaehyun Shin\: Making a plan (*^^~♪)

Cha Yu-jin\: In training (+ㅅ+=3)

You both are excited.

Cha Yu-jin is probably receiving special training with Kim Rae-bin in tow. Kim Rae-bin is the type of person who dances well if you teach her how to dance so she would probably do a routine.

“hmm.”

Still it would be nice if Kim Rae-bin was listed here as well.

I thought about it for a while while looking at the Myeongseong pop-up that I made this time and then I decided.

[Would you like to recruit your colleagues?]

okay.

If Kim Rae-bin appears it would be best given the circumstances but from the moment Cha Yu-jin appears as the first taro it is impossible to predict. Still if you look at the probabilities…

‘Cha Yu-jin also appeared in episode 8.’

So far according to statistics there seemed to be a good chance that someone I knew would show up. good.

I increased the draw button to 10 consecutive draws.

And I saw reality.

[★★ Kang Seongbin / Sub Rapper]

[★ Jaehoon Kim / Subdancer]

[failure!]

[★★]

[★]

…

It doesn’t come out.

Only 10 times? There was no choice.

I wasted all my experience points in vain.

“…”

Is this a game?

No is this reality? Without even knowing the odds how can I end up tying my reputation to these odds in the future?

In the meantime even more annoying notifications appear.

[The companion bond archive is full! Would you like to expand?]

Use Exp 2000

“…”

With 1 and 2 stars the inventory is already full. They are trying to take advantage of it.

Get out of here bastard.

[I let go of my relationship with my colleague.]

The breakup consolation money has arrived…

+20G

I decided not to spend the remaining 5000 and just leave it alone. It was like X. The big moon opens a large pop-up.

[Fighting! It will come out next time! (ง •_•)ง]

This guy also uses emoticons which I don’t know where he got them from.

“…okay.”

I came to my senses while rubbing my face. And I asked a question I had been thinking about before.

To hear an answer that might be a hint about the current situation.

“But what exactly are you in right now?”

This is the current state of Big Moon.

It’s talking to me but it’s just text. There won’t be a body so I need to know what the situation is.

[Hmm… I’m not sure. I am definitely conscious…]

It was an ambiguous answer.

I followed up with a few questions.

Isn’t the system trying to interfere? Are there any changes in your ability to write that make you uncomfortable or questionable?

Most of the time the answer was a vague negative.

‘It’s vague but it’s not bad. It’s tidy.’

The last question was the same.

“I can’t access your original body or anything like that.”

[Yesㅜㅜ]

You guessed this answer. The problem is next.

“…Do you feel like your body has disappeared?”

[no. Rather than that… I feel like I’m blocked by something! It’s like the Internet connection is lost because there is no Wi-Fi.]

It was a fairly unique analogy but I understood it. And it was also a quite reassuring statement.

[It’s nice but how can I feel safe…?]

I smiled faintly.

“Because it means that the world in which you lived as a civil servant has not disappeared because of my testa. “If something is blocked it means there is something beyond it.”

[iced coffee!]

The pop-up grows hopefully bigger. I nodded.

“If the situation is too uncomfortable talk about it. “But I can still listen.”

Isn’t it a refreshing feeling to be connected to someone who has no body but only a mind?

[Oh I’m not sick or anything! It’s a bit… shall I say it feels like I’m using the internet in a dream? That’s what it feels like!]

“okay.”

Still I was glad that it seemed to be quite peaceful so far.

I nodded and pulled away from the sink. And I got dressed.

[Where are you going?]

“See the kids.”

Since the lottery failed I need to see with my own eyes whether the plan is working.

After controlling my sore stomach I joined Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin and practiced the routine for half a day together.

“Good job Raebin Kim! “Let’s do it one more time!”

“Oh okay!”

It was a rare sight to see two guys who didn’t yell at each other for being stupid but by that night they both came back looking no different from when they were in Testa.

And Kim Rae-bin who is really 17 years old seemed a little embarrassed.

“I am by nature not a rude person who talks so casually to people I am meeting for the first time but without realizing it I am in a situation like this…!”

“It’s good if you feel at ease. “I will have to keep seeing you in the future.”

“yes…”

“That’s right Kim Rae-bin don’t do anything!”

“You are so…!

Kim Rae-bin tried to respond reflexively but ended up making a face that made him think he had missed it.

He was the most consistent person in any situation even when his memories were lost. I chuckled.

“Let’s do our best.”

“yes!”

Kim Rae-bin was able to sleep in the officetel because Ryu Cheong-woo went to MT and the room was empty.

And the very next day new filming began.

* * *

The start of the second survival shoot was uneventful.

“Introducing your accommodation!”

“Wow!”

Entering the accommodation.

Of course as a survival game it was differentiated in its sadistic nature.

What can it be? There were good and bad rooms divided into honors and inferiority classes.

“Ah this is the honors class…

“But they also have the names of all the kids in inferior classes on them?”

“You have to be in the honors class to use it. This must be it!”

In the two areas divided with the living room in the center 14 people’s name tags were posted in duplicate.

‘Well inferior classes aren’t that bad.’

He looked better than when he lived alone in college. It’s just like a motel. It’s a problem compared to an honors class that doesn’t have a separate hotel.

“…”

Still it was typical of a broadcasting station to show the inferior class their place in the honors class and then not let them unpack and take them to another dorm.

Isn’t it strange that the students in the honors class feel refreshed when they see them leaving with gloomy faces?

-Do you use editing that highlights personality?

-If you are a trainee who is not preferred by the company.

I managed my facial expression while remembering the preliminary questions and answers with Cheongnyeo.

Coincidentally there was a guy next to me.

“Please take care of me brother.”

“yes.”

I decided to share the same room with Cheongryeo in case of an emergency. As planned the name tags were placed side by side.

‘good.’

It’s neat. I purposely didn’t talk much to the rest of the honors class who were going to drift away anyway.

‘That bastard will do whatever it takes to send it away.’

No matter how much you cut based on ability there is no way you can take the guys who exploded within 3 years.

I’ll send you away somehow so there’s no need to engage in friendship now that will be toxic later in the game.

Anyway the filming that followed went smoothly.

“I’m going one more time.”

“yes!”

The honor class has a special stage with the honor class and the inferior class has a special stage with the inferior class.

That’s the theme.

-Yes I am

There’s so much you can do

Pull the gear and go up there

(Who can be a star?)

Yes I am

〈Yes I am〉

It’s like a title for first-year middle school students learning English but it was chosen well like the opening of a reality show.

Moreover unlike 〈Azusa〉 where you have to throw everything and memorize it everyone has already practiced it anyway so all you have to do is follow the daily routine and you’re done.

‘It’s peaceful.’

It’s a bit spicy but do you think it’s less vicious than the company survival show from a few years ago?

I’m sorry but it’s a misunderstanding.

The real capsaicin pours into the kids’ heads this evening the moment they finish their performance and strengthen their resolve.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

“Wow!”

When the subjects have finished filming and are running wild among the pouring pin lights and pollen.

A new episode begins.

“Well done. everyone. Let’s continue like this in the future.”

“yes!”

The president sitting in front of the stage nodded and took the microphone.

“While doing this program you will constantly face challenges.”

The artist holds up a sketchbook titled ‘Arrangement of Locations.’ The participants having sensed the atmosphere move slowly and stand at an angle.

It’s just like the atmosphere of meaningful BGM.

“Even if you debut and are loved for a long time and perform well eventually new rookies will come out and you will have to keep competing.”

I catch people here and there nodding their heads with stern faces.

I guess we’ll get to the point soon.

“〈Wise〉 is a microcosm of the entertainment industry the final gateway to debut and we will apply realistic evaluation methods to you.”

The president raised his hand.

“So I prepared. “Your first competitor.”

Papang!

“Uh oh!”

Next to the people flinching in surprise a huge stage set covered in dry ice opens and seven people walk out.

“Your current quota is 14 students seven in the ‘honors’ class and seven in the ‘inferior’ class.”

The boss makes a cool face.

“These people are the ‘supplementary group’ of people other than the quota.”

“…!”

“The supplementary class will nominate one of you and if you win you will participate as a contestant in ‘Wise.’”

A gasp was heard from next to me.

This is because no trainees were informed up to this point.

“And whoever doesn’t win the supplementary class is at risk of being eliminated.”

The dry ice clears and seven people appear.

And then I see a familiar face.

Cha Yu-jin with a confident smile on her face.

And Kim Rae-bin whose expression changed and gave the impression of a mid-boss.

That’s right.

Those guys weren’t among the 14 participants in the last filming. Because those guys aren’t LeTi trainees.

The time for those guys to join was now.

This filming set becomes chaotic due to the addition of the supplementary team.

“Win and survive.”

The supplementary group walks over and lines up on the other side of the stage.

Participants who are shaking their eyes and unable to control their expressions confront the supplementary class. A tense atmosphere.

And I thought deeply.

‘Well most of them are just trash to create tension.’

The more intense the fight the better it is to draw aggro and highlight the winner. Of course since it is for use most of them are unsuitable candidates.

So except for Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin the rest are faces I don’t know… Wait.

[Ugh! That person!]

There is one more familiar face.

“…!”

[It’s V-Tik right?]

Chaeyul.

A VTIC member who has not appeared until now.

A young guy with sparkling eyes and brown hair who looked to be in his late teens… was standing at the very end.

“…”

That was the guy being put in here?

Is that why Cheongnyeo didn’t look for it? Did it originally come out like this? Or was it intentionally put in just this time?

No matter how I think about it filming is progressing steadily.

“Now supplementary class please find the contestant you want to compete with and stand in front of him.”

Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin move their feet. We definitely discussed who to nominate…

Why is that bastard going there?

Cha Yu-jin stopped in front of Cheongryeo.

“ah.”

“i look forward to!

[Quaaaa!!]

“…”

This crazy guy…!

I bit my tongue and caught the expression that was about to change.

But the unexpected situation did not end there.

[Why do people come here?]

…There was a guy in the supplementary class who walked in front of me.

He walked briskly with a flushed face but soon stood in front of me with an excited face and bowed his head.

“i look forward to!”

“…yes.”

Chaeyul.

This guy pointed me out as his opponent.

“…”

I looked away. Cheongryeo with Cha Yu-jin in front of her was smiling.

[Shin Jae-hyun\: Making a plan (*^^~♪)]

Was that this?
