---
title: "Chapter 375"
category: "book"
index: 374
section: "Chapter 375"
slug: "375"
---

# Chapter 375

Putting them in the middle of a survival game and singling them out to face the best contestant in a death match?

I’ll be honest.

‘That’s a good idea.’

If you are thinking of removing a stone that has rolled over and are confident in your skills this is a very good strategy.

In any case it is not survival of the public vote but survival of the agency. This means that the public knows that the boss can do whatever he wants and tolerates it to some extent.

This means that if someone who is really good comes out they prefer to change the rules and let them pass even if they lose.

But that’s it.

‘So you’re singling out Cheongryeo?’

Cha Yu-jin you bastard you decided to point out me!

-I think it would be best so that our positions don’t overlap and it doesn’t feel awkward even if we appear friendly in the future.

-okay. I’m performing on stage with Moon Dae hyung!

That’s exactly what I said last night.

‘I’ve planned the scenario but this guy escapes at will?’

I looked at Cha Yu-jin and controlled the area around my eyes that was about to twitch.

Even if I show it only I will become the X.

“great. Those standing in front of you now become your rivals and competitors.”

The president reads the script pretending to be meaningful but he is so angry that he doesn’t react well.

I pretended to be nervous and took a deep breath.

“Of course competition must have its rewards. “Anyone who wins in the ‘Supplementary Class’ class will definitely be in the ‘Honor Class’ class in the next evaluation.”

“…!!”

The faces of the trainees who were agitated look a little better with just one carrot. They are easy guys.

“And trainees who are not nominated will also be given evaluation tasks. It is ‘the perfection of teamwork’. “Try to lead two people who keep each other in check and complete the three-person stage.”

I nodded.

In short it means that each of them will stand on the stage in a one-on-one death match and carry out the group tasks. You’re good at putting words together.

But do you know who is in my group?

VTIC Shinoda.

“…”

The draw luck is amazing.

“i look forward to!”

“I will work hard.”

I was assigned a vocal practice room with the two guys. Then I went in and looked at the randomly assigned songs.

‘There’s no such thing as stealing a song.’

It’s a song that the company which reads ‘CEO’ and ‘Company’ has designated as a song that will suit the three of us.

-Blue Jack’s 〈Icy Eyes〉

This is an exciting EDM debut song by a male idol group that took the autotune-dominated music industry by storm in the late 2000s.

To put it roughly it’s an obvious lyric that says I’ll have courage even though my crush’s eyes are very cold.

If you listen to it now your hands and feet will start to tremble.

[Oh ohoh Icy Eyes are cold~]

A typical hook song with short bars repeated as a refrain. The only part that shows vocal capabilities is the ad-lib high note in the second half.

“…”

hmm.

“Oh I like this song!”

The supplementary team VTIC is working hard to react.

‘…Chae Yul.’

I stopped analyzing the song for a moment and remembered my conversation with Cheongryeo.

It was time to come off the stage and briefly change the tape and microphone.

-Junior. I have never contacted Chaeyul here separately. I never brought it with me

-I wouldn’t say it was a coincidence.

-Rather than a coincidence… it was something that was bound to happen.

The guy grinned.

-When the survival program progresses Chaeyul always participates in the supplementary class.

-…!

I understood what he meant.

-… always.

-that’s right. Chaeyul was in the group from the beginning. I didn’t choose it.

I remembered Chaeyul’s status window.

[Jin Chae-yul]

Singing\: C+ (B+)

Dance\: B (A)

Appearance\: A- (A+)

Talent\: S- (S+)

Characteristic\: Circus (A)

He has top-notch all-rounder potential.

As expected of a guy who has become a first-tier idol for now his skills as a lead dancer are just okay.

However my talent changed.

‘He’s almost Cha Yu-jin’s level from ‘Azusa’.’

Moreover the characteristics also assist with it.

[Circus (A)]

\: Because acrobatics should be fun.

-Stage adaptability +150%

-I have no personal deviations and have never had any problems with other members. The public always likes it.

What if this guy stands out in survival?

‘Even if I’m the boss I’ll pick him first.’

It was an understandable explanation.

The problem begins next.

-And it’s interesting but every time he appears on a survival program he always points out the same position.

-Main vocal.

And this time the main vocalist is me.

Cheongnyeobu explained ‘I didn’t know they would choose me because the person they originally pointed out was still there’ but I can’t believe that.

The important thing is that Chae-yul sticks with me anyway.

‘Besides check out the song selection.’

I laughed inwardly while listening to the song.

Are you pushing an EDM hook song where the only part to show off your vocal skills is a 5-second ad-lib?

‘I obviously came down from the stage just singing.’

Regardless of which bastard picked the song I think they want to make this match unfavorable by blocking my advantage.

‘Good.’

Welcome.

[No~ Nonono…]

The song just ended. I was conscious of the camera coming in to get a reaction so I slapped my palm appropriately.

And a slightly excited voice asks.

“What kind of arrangement would you like to do?”

It’s Chaeyul. First let’s take a step back.

I smiled faintly.

“Any genre is good as long as you can perform it.”

“wow…”

I meant to tell you to look at your hand first but why am I admiring it?

The following is even more spectacular.

“me too!”

“Me too… well I’ll think of it as an experience and work hard.”

“…”

I realized.

These guys are… yes-men who have no self-assertion.

It was a selection that made it easy to understand why Cheongryeo picked him up. I spoke as calmly as I could.

“Then since it’s a contest why not make it intense?”

There is no rebuttal.

“Intense things are really cool and good!”

“Yes then… our team fighting!”

suddenly?

Anyone who sees it will think it’s a team match. All of a sudden we became like a high school class doing group work with two new students.

‘Ryu Geon-woo has also been a trainee for 3 months. What the hell is going on?’

If I take this part well I’ll be greedy and if I don’t digest it because that guy gave it to me I’ll get criticized for saying I did it on purpose.

‘I have to prevent it.’

I’ll have to appeal this absurdity in a way that won’t be edited out later in the interview. I nodded.

We need to change our communication method as well.

“Then tell me the part that looks cool.”

These are the people who will give you a specific answer if you use more objective words instead of expressions like ‘want’ or ‘hope’.

As expected some useful answers are finally coming out.

“I think the intro part looks cool!”

“Um here on the bridge.”

“Then I think it would be a good idea to arrange it in a way that can best utilize those two feelings.”

“yes!”

I completed the direction of the arrangement by adding words and modifiers as if I were taking their opinions into consideration.

The parts were appropriately distributed to what they thought was ‘cool’.

“…”

Doing this while being conscious of the camera is quite a tedious task.

Thanks to this I was reminded of the guy who always did things like this with me…

-Mundaemun University!

‘stop.’

What can I do to feel sorry for someone who is no longer around? Let’s do our job properly.

I quickly outlined the next stage. The only thing better than Azusa was that the other two were unconditionally cooperative.

And a short break that came late at night.

‘I guess I’ll have to keep going like this.’

I walked down the corner hallway holding a notebook with the arrangement direction and part distribution. It was to beat the wind and get away for a bit.

Perhaps because it was getting closer to dawn I could barely see the others.

“Has everyone gone back to their dorms?”

It was then.

A man walking with great strides appeared around the corner on the other side of the hallway.

Cha Yujin!

The guy raises his hand and quickly gets closer.

“brother! “Ewbbeeb!”

It’s just the two of us. Good. Don’t say another word just follow me.

I took him with me to a blind spot where there were no cameras.

“I…”

Cha Yu-jin who was about to open her mouth recognized my gesture of putting my hand over her mouth and closed it. Yes the audio is captured.

Instead I held out the notebook and pen I was holding.

-Why did you choose Cheongryeo?

By using this.

-Now is not the time to move impulsively. Is it because you want to stay in this multiverse or something?

I crossed my arms and looked at him.

Cha Yu-jin closed her mouth tightly picked up the pen and wrote strongly.

-I’m not impulsive. I got a call right before filming. [That person said he wanted to be with me. They said viewers would enjoy it and that sounded quite plausible.]

The guy’s words which he scribbles in English out of frustration have quite a logical structure. I read his article slowly without hesitation.

-And someone else chose you first -〉 Another VTIC senior!

“…!”

‘I see.’

Of course in order to avoid overlap in who to select the supplementary team would have been coordinated with the production team in advance.

But Chae-yul who was in line before me chose me first.

‘So since it reminds me of the Cheongnyeo horse I chose him instead.’

That bastard Chae-yul said she didn’t do it but Cha Yu-jin didn’t say anything because it was true that she did it. I wiggled my eyebrows.

Cha Yu-jin did not stop writing her pen.

-And I am confident that I will win. 100%

-Do you think I will lose Moon Dae?

I was immediately handed a pen and wrote down the answer.

-no.

Honestly looking at the stage alone I can’t really imagine Cha Yu-jin losing.

-But that’s only when you’re limited to seeing the stage.

-This is his company.

You may not know this but he is a person who has gone through this process dozens or even hundreds of times.

You can hear Cha Yu-jin snorting. This guy?

-are you okay. ☺

-Do you feel like you are going to lose? Can’t beat VTIC people? U_U

Wow.

I moved the pen.

-You too remember this. Winning or losing is not important right now. What is important is the amount of buzz.

We have to debut together anyway.

-lol OK!

Cha Yu-jin cheerfully wrote letters three times larger and shrugged her shoulders.

“We are good. “I’m looking forward to it!”

“okay.”

Since it’s like this somehow get some buzz and eat it.

‘Because I will too.’

After parting ways with Cha Yu-jin in the hallway I immediately returned to the practice room.

Shin-oh curls up in a corner and listens to his part over and over again before seemingly falling asleep and Chae-yul reacts.

“You’re here!”

“yes.”

Then he says this.

“Brother please speak comfortably. “I’m nineteen!”

“…Um okay.”

Anyway I’m trying to use informal language to a guy who is already a long time senior. I nodded.

“If you want to talk comfortably that’s okay.”

“yes!”

Seeing as he didn’t even ask me why he did that I guess he just has a brighter brain.

I sat down. Still watching. I just need to ask you something.

“Now that I think about it… may I ask why you chose me?”

“Ah that’s it.”

You could be asking why I looked like the worst person out of all of them but this guy didn’t even calculate it so he just touched the back of his head.

“Actually I’m not even a LeTi trainee… Actually I think it would be difficult to become a participant in this program.”

A surprisingly realistic answer emerges.

“That’s why I wanted to perform on stage with the most talented person! “Then I think I can gain something.”

He muttered with a flushed face that he had seen my first solo performance.

“If you’re going to fail that’s good.”

hmm. For a guy who never failed to fail to say something like this if this guy had been a trainee he would have been told that he was unintentionally deceiving him.

I chuckled.

“I don’t think you’ll fall.”

“Really??”

“huh.”

“thank you!”

The guy who bows his head has a face full of anticipation and excitement.

‘…no.’

I tried to make a moderately heartwarming picture by saying that we were both good at something so let’s both go up anyway…

I guess I forgot for a moment that if you get in I get dropped so it’s just good.

I was silent for a moment while looking at that.

What the hell…

‘…Shin Jaehyun will take care of it.’

I don’t know. There have been no problems for 10 years so there must be a way to control it. I take care of my group.

“Let’s practice a little more and then go to the dorm.”

“yes!”

A week passed and the day of the first death match dawned.

* * *

[〈Supplementary Class〉 Kim Rae-bin – Win!]

[Participants confirmed!]

Third stage.

Kim Rae-bin pointed out a rap position that had a similar impression to him and gave it a smash.

‘That’s awesome.’

[Park Jeong-woong – Expulsion from honors class]

[At risk of elimination!]

If I had known that you were a producer you should have been dancing for a while so why did you take the rap center stage? You idiot.

I clicked my tongue when I saw the fallen one.

Kim Rae-bin bowed his head and walked back to his seat in a very polite manner.

My teammate who performed with me seemed a little embarrassed but whatever. There is no place to complain.

-Ravin. Just think of everyone you meet from the moment you leave the program as being around the same age as your grandparents.

I think it was good advice for editing. I nodded.

“Now the next stage is…”

And then the stage continues which I think will probably be edited in the final order in the broadcast.

“Shin Jaehyun honors class.”

It was a death match between Cheongryeo and Cha Yujin.
