---
title: "Chapter 376"
category: "book"
index: 375
section: "Chapter 376"
slug: "376"
---

# Chapter 376

Two people going on stage.

To be exact there were three trainees but one trainee was so overwhelmed that he was barely visible.

Actually it wasn’t the trainee’s problem. The problem was that the other two were experienced workers who had already tasted the essence of the profession that had already reached the grand prize.

Cha Yu-jin and Shin Jae-hyun.

‘Hmm.’

The extreme contrast was visible even in the eyes of the president who was unaware of this fact.

The two people standing in the same black school uniform costume had a noticeable difference from the way they wore it to their standing posture.

Despite this he has a natural attitude that doesn’t show any tension.

‘That one that one.’

The president twitched his mouth.

In fact most of the supplementary classes had to be eliminated to make up the composition and even if all of them were eliminated it was okay.

This is because it can appeal ‘Look our trainees are so good.’

In other words even if I see the supplementary team standing over there I will probably send them away from here.

I was a little selfish

‘He looks so out of place.’

The president who disliked the public’s prejudiced views grumbled but did not object to Cha Yu-jin’s placement in the supplementary team.

His skills and appearance were enough to make me wonder why he wasn’t a trainee yet. It was only when I saw the explanation that he was American that I nodded.

‘You have to do one or two things well to achieve balance.’

I had no regrets about adding a handsome friend who rapped amazingly earlier. I’m thinking of eliminating him from the final anyway and leaving him out for the next round.

However the reminiscence ends there.

Now the lights are off on the stage.

“…”

hook.

Dry ice is spread below and red and blue lights shine down.

Humming like falling.

[Um Umumum uum um]

A pop song by a solo female singer famous for her gloomy cool tone and bassline.

The beginning of interlude.

thud

The three kneel to the drums accompanied by a minor guitar riff.

And then the choreography begins.

[His growling howling

raise me up]

The movements using the limbs to the point of extreme seem to be difficult and then the body stands upright in a movement that feels like someone is pulling it.

Center Shin Jae-hyun looks at the camera and turns his hand.

The movement that starts with the hand joints continues throughout the entire body using the upper body skillfully and raising the head.

And the lights popping with a gloomy smile.

[To the darkness absence…

No]

The sound of singing and silence suddenly cut off.

Spreading movement line.

After bending your upper body and flipping your waist you fall backwards and do the acrobatic jump with your hands on the floor.

The music explodes.

[Tonight

he’s gonna find your room

and

take you to the wood]

Even in such intense movements the scratching sound is delivered at the correct intensity by the vocals which are skillfully controlled.

The bizarre and intense tones and movements along with the school uniform create a very strange atmosphere.

And the refrain.

[Watch out!]

Cha Yu-jin appears from the center as if plunging down.

For a moment my eyes are drawn in.

[Watch out!

for wolves]

Cha Yoo-jin who moves her feet cleverly and comes forward deliberately grabs the camera with a quick touch and then takes her hand away.

The eyes are shining.

“…!”

The director becomes part of the stage leaving only an impact.

But the influence does not disappear.

The stage grabs attention.

[Wo wowo woof

Wolf]

A standing motion that moves the shoulders and neck.

And dance break. A more difficult performance unfolds on both sides using the person standing in the center as a kind of buoy.

The angle is exactly right.

However the feeling of movement is different.

One side that is strong enough to devour you and the other side that is exquisite as if it is concentrated.

[Your guest who-oo

comes to the dead

of the night]

thud.

The song ends with only one dissonant piano note.

Participants fell to the floor while looking into empty space.

“…”

Only the faint sound of gasping for breath spreads through the venue.

And one step late.

Clap clap clap clap clap…!

Sporadic applause fills the venue.

The stage at the filming site has not invited the audience yet but the applause from the production crew and participants who were giving it to create an atmosphere is stuttering.

The boss was a little embarrassed.

‘what.’

This is because the performance was not of the quality the trainees expected. It was more like the year-end stage of a broadcasting station.

You might even notice that the quality is bothersome because the other one can’t be seen properly because of the two people.

It was completely overwhelming.

‘No it couldn’t have been planned with that in mind… ’

…No if that were the case they would have been in charge!

The president threw away his distracting thoughts and looked at the two people on stage with admiring eyes.

I meant it. I didn’t expect it to do this well.

‘It’s probably a matter of luck and synergy.’

Anyway I was very satisfied that I got the stage right.

-Good practice atmosphere

-Light friction with song selection

After reading the summary of the practice process handed over by the production team the president made up his mind.

And after heaping great praise on each person he picked up the microphone again.

“Who selected the music?”

“We all did it together.”

Shin Jae-hyeon who got up and straightened his clothes answered softly.

“If it were a pop song it could have been advantageous to Cha Yu-jin.”

Shin Jae-hyeon only smiled faintly as if he understood and did not respond.

Because no matter what you say it is ambiguous.

‘Smart guy.’

The president continued his next words quite proudly.

The sentiment was sincere.

“But… why does Jaehyun look like the original to me?”

“…!”

That’s right.

At first glance this intense stage appears to be exactly the type that Cha Yu-jin prefers.

Colorful and challenging.

But in fact the message of this song is more multi-layered.

‘melancholia.’

Shin Jaehyun thought lightly.

This song talks about the fear and resignation of the speaker’s deep depression.

And Jaehyun Shin was able to express it like he was breathing.

It’s not because I’ve performed the same song multiple times. In this strange world where time is warped the song selection has also changed.

only…

Even if it’s not the same song I’ve done so many similar things.

This dark concept has been a steady seller every year since VTIC entered its fourth year.

And crucially…

‘Because this is what LeTi president likes.’

He didn’t even bother to turn his head to check his competitor’s face.

Cha Yujin.

Overwhelming power and dazzling talent that makes you feel like you can devour the song.

However that was not the only evaluation item.

“Why is that so Jaehyun?”

Shin Jae-hyun picked up the microphone.

“If I had to look for an answer… I guess it’s just a matter of atmosphere. “I have practiced this atmosphere for a long time.”

That’s correct.

That’s correct.

“that’s right.”

The boss laughs.

“I think what Jaehyun showed on stage today was the most LeTi-like performance.”

“thank you.”

Shin Jaehyun deliberately lowered his head slightly. To express gratitude.

And the president slightly turned his head.

Cha Yu-jin just stood still. Nevertheless an afterimage of the contrasting feeling I saw on stage remains.

‘hmm.’

He changed his mind slightly.

This becomes a picture.

“Announcing.”

The stage lights go out and light comes on in the background.

And as if it were obvious the results appear.

[〈Honor Class〉 Shin Jae-hyun – Win!]

[Honor class confirmed!]

“congratulations.”

It was Shin Jae-hyun’s victory.

however.

The president picked up the microphone again.

“However I have only one authority given to me by the production team.”

Even if I drop it in the final I’ll put it on first and see the contrast effect even more!

“It is only through this program that we can invalidate each and every trainee from the risk of being eliminated without any conditions.”

“…!”

The boss decided.

‘Let’s catch it first and at least try to fix it.’

If you add it here you will definitely be thrilled by the feeling of being ‘recognized’ and will try to develop yourself to suit the tastes of the person who acknowledged you.

What if that doesn’t work?

‘We should keep it out of the market.’

It is enough to connect even small and medium-sized businesses that cannot get anywhere. The president nodded solemnly and finished the calculation.

“Cha Yu-jin lost but I definitely see potential in her. LeTi’s potential to become a great artist.”

“…”

“So under my authority I am accepting Ms. Cha Yu-jin as an outside participant.”

bang.

Text appears behind the screen.

[Boss Pass!]

[〈Supplementary Class〉 Cha Yu-jin – Confirmed participant]

“Can you make sure I don’t regret my choice?”

“Of course! thank you!”

However Cha Yu-jin who thought she would be thrilled just smiled and said that.

An attitude as if he knew how to stick to it or as if he just felt pure joy in being able to continue. It was refreshing.

There is no sense of debt or excitement.

‘…that one and that one.’

The president managed his expression as he watched Cha Yu-jin shaking hands with his other team members and patting their backs.

‘Anyway those who drink American food are like that.’

It seemed like the employees would have to work hard to get into the habit. However since the pass had already been used could not be revoked the president simply nodded politely.

‘It will help me get Shin Jaehyun afloat.’

Because of synergy such a high-quality stage would have been possible by luck. He thought so.

Soon the stage was cleared and by the time he had composed his mind the next team came up.

The participant’s name appears on the screen.

[Honor class Ryu Geon-woo]

‘hmm.’

This time the atmosphere is quite different from before. The three wearing white jumpers seemed nervous but they didn’t seem to be keeping each other in check.

Rather he keeps looking at the trainee in the middle and adjusts his movements and position according to his hand gestures.

‘Oh.’

The guy who sang that atmospheric jazz…?

The president recalled the summary of each team’s practice routine that he had received in advance and looked at their outfits.

This is the outfit that idols wear at least once when they debut.

It was a marine look combining a blue collar and white clothes.

One guy even wears shorts. The president almost burst out laughing.

“Looking at the costume it seems like a cute concept is that right?”

“We created it with a new feel in our own way.”

Ryu Geon-woo who naturally took the microphone glanced at his competitors and just smiled slightly and continued talking.

“Including cuteness.”

Then the people around me started laughing. It was so heartwarming that anyone could believe it was a team fight.

‘Hmm.’

-No potential for conflict

-Ryu Geon-woo led the process

After skimming through the summary the president nodded.

“Let’s get started.”

I felt like the story line would come out only after watching the stage.

“yes!”

Soon the trainees with their heads nodding form a formation around the sofa placed in the center of the stage.

Sitting is in the supplementary class standing is in the inferior class.

And Ryu Geon-woo sitting astride it.

[Mmm!]

The moment the accompaniment comes out.

The people around the sofa bounce around like cushions to the refreshing beat.

[Oh Ohoh Icy eyes

It’s cold but I like it!]

The beat was strangely changed and the pitch of the ‘Ohoh’ chuimsae was changed.

Thanks to this the pronunciation is more snappy and choppy instead of the burdensome pulling feel of the original.

[The tone of your speech is as sharp as carbonation.

Eyes as hard as ice]

Sit down on the sofa get up make a flying motion jump over stand up and do the choreography.

[Oh so pretty!]

Unlike the original song the high notes explode but the jumps are at a high angle.

The song and choreography flow pleasantly with a refreshing beat that is not heavy.

[I see the butterflies

Like a bee flying in my heart

[Complicated feelings]

‘oh.’

Chae-yul was included in every killing part that required close-ups using gestures.

And he plays the part so perfectly that it’s embarrassing.

[It’s still okay

Still the baby is cold please stop and melt]

These lyrics are not cringy.

‘what?’

And the refrain came back.

[Oh Ohoh Icy eyes

It’s cold but I like it]

Surprisingly Ryu Geon-woo made a facial expression while singing the chorus in an incredibly natural way.

It was strange that the round hat was received so well.

[Oh Oh Oh Icy Ice

Your eyes are cold]

The treble was clean as expected but the refreshing crispness that I thought would be a bit awkward was maintained well.

‘…??’

Only the president who didn’t know that he was a person who survived in the idol industry for five years with the nickname “dog” was embarrassed.

[If you approach and hold out your hand

[Look at me with warm eyes]

The tempo accelerates and they perform more complex choreography in front of the stage leaving the sofa behind.

The dance break center was another trainee.

And the next refrain is sung by this trainee and the supplementary group.

‘Hmm.’

The president nodded inwardly.

And last.

[So cool!]

The part where Park Moon-dae cheated by saying that this part was ‘intense’ was bright and cheerful and covered the stage like firecrackers.

[Oh Ohoh Icy eyes]

Jumps and high notes The clear original sound at an appropriate height is balanced with the harmony and fills the stage without being distracting.

A refreshing stage that makes you feel good just by looking at it.

The two who had short training periods at this agency and the non-trainees were on the same stage.

‘I don’t feel like LeTi.’

To be honest it wasn’t the LeTi president’s taste but it wasn’t bad.

This is because a good stage is good regardless of taste.

[But I like it!]

The stage ended with a bright smile as the final movements matched the rich melody neatly.

‘oh.’

Clap clap clap!

This time cheery applause erupts from all over the place.

It wasn’t as overwhelming as the previous stage. However it was a good stage with good quality and density in a way that made me feel good.

The president willingly picked up the microphone.

“I felt very happy. The combination of the three fits well… I really like it.”

He gave a few words of praise to each individual especially the supplementary class and then got to the point.

“How was practice?”

The trainees’ faces brightened and they answered quickly.

“I really had fun and worked hard!”

“yes. “My brother guided us well… we all had fun practicing.”

Ryu Geon-woo looked a little embarrassed but did not deny it and nodded. The boss laughed haha.

“I thought so.”

The trainees’ faces brighten.

It is this moment.

“But it’s ironic… but that’s also the problem right?”

“…!”

The president looked back at Ryu Geon-woo.

“Why can’t I see any desperation?”

“…!”

“Geonwoo I don’t think this is what he’s best at… This is our second stage right?”

“…yes.”

“Then isn’t now a good time to appeal and show what you’re best at? “I have given up all the parts now.”

The president made serious eye contact and spoke.

“Instead of unilaterally catering to my younger siblings I should have been greedy to show them more. “This was a death match.”

On the contrary the eyes of the two participants standing around seemed to be shrinking with fear and worry but Ryu Geon-woo only swallowed once.

I also liked the guts!

“This is not something that can be called fun. “It takes earnestness.”

So like a lion throwing its cub off a cliff he also planned to do something.

“I did well but I only did well today. “This is a compliment given to a student not a professional.”

Ryu Geon-woo had an expressionless face but his shoulders twitched noticeably.

‘Yeah that’s it.’

You need to be stimulated.

Both you and the viewers!

The president suppressed a smile of regret and pressed the button with a face filled with agony.

“Announcing the winner.”

[〈Supplementary Class〉 Jin Chae-yul – Win!]

[Participants confirmed!]

Chaeyul.

“congratulations. You are now a participant.”

“…! Thank you…”

For someone to say thank you they are staggering around as if they are in shock.

“And Ryu Geon-woo is in danger of being eliminated.”

The president smiled in remorse.

It was that moment.

‘uh?’

It passed right by but for some reason Ryu Geon-woo seemed to briefly smile.

‘…Is it because of feeling empty?’

But looking back I think it was just my mood. The president shrugged his shoulders and then seriously picked up the microphone again.

“Go in. “I enjoyed it.”

That’s how the evaluation ended.

And backstage.

Cha Yoo-jin found Park Moon-dae who had sent Jin Chae-yul who was shedding tears by coaxing her to look good on camera.

The camera is already out. So I approached him and tapped him.

“brother!”

“okay.”

Park Moon-dae had an unimpressed face. Even though his face changed that strangely peaceful expression still remained.

And even subtle kindness.

“Are you sad you lost?”

“no.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders. Then he looked up at the stage and smiled.

[The one who really decides victory or defeat is not just that old man.]

“…!”

His brother seemed confused for a moment but probably soon understood the situation.

‘This guy… he did that on purpose.’

Like that.

And that was the answer!

[Coming soon. I won.]

“Is that so?”

Cha Yu-jin deliberately tapped his shoulder. As usual I sneakily avoid it.

“Do you feel sorry for your brother?”

“no.”

‘Is that possible?’

Park Moon-dae smiled slightly.

“Same.”

That’s how the filming ended that day.

And not long after LeTi’s in-house survival show “Wise” finally went on air.
