---
title: "Chapter 377"
category: "book"
index: 376
section: "Chapter 377"
slug: "377"
---

# Chapter 377

“Ravin isn’t eating~”

“Thank you for returning home after eating!”

Raebin Kim answered energetically as she came out after washing her face.

After coming to Seoul unexpectedly I stayed at Ryu Geon-woo’s officetel for a few days but soon after an agreement with my parents I ended up staying at my uncle’s house in Seoul.

However after practicing all day I followed Cha Yu-jin to Ryu Geon-woo’s officetel and had a meal while talking about strategies. So in fact the degree of indebtedness seemed similar.

‘Why are you so nice to me?’

Kim Rae-bin still had doubts about that but his body faithfully carried out his life.

That’s right. The changed daily life seeped into my life surprisingly naturally. As if I’ve lived like this before…

Raebin Kim thought deeply and came to a conclusion.

‘If you think about it it’s not much different from school!’

The texture of daily routine as if you were taking a class was similar!

Speaking of school as soon as Raebin Kim signed with LeTi he was scheduled to be transferred to an arts high school in Seoul where attendance days would be partially supplemented by arts and physical education activities…

‘The agency is a great place.’

Now that I think about it there was an interesting coincidence.

Coincidentally the agency they both belonged to was the same company with which they signed their first song contract.

-… You signed a song contract with Letty?

-…? yes!

What I didn’t know was how much LeTi’s rookie manager liked Raebin Kim when he took her there that day.

And why did Raebin Kim come to Seoul so easily following the two people she met for the first time and start living the life of an aspiring idol?

This is because I was persuaded by what he heard on the way home from Strawberry House.

(For some reason the other side called him by the name ‘Mundae’) These were the words spoken calmly by the older brother Ryu Geon-woo.

-I’ve listened to some of the songs you’ve composed so far and there are a lot of them that go well with coreo.

-What is Coreo?

-Choreography. And recently the majority of teams that perform the latest music with choreography are idol groups.

The older brother continued as if he was asking a question.

-So I think experiencing their performances directly will help me compose songs in the future.

-…!

Even though Kim Rae-bin has never tried it before… it was a persuasive statement!

After that Ryu Geon-woo continued to speak fluidly.

About the method he would like to recommend.

In-house survival.

-Survival is the essence of the idol stage that can be experienced in the shortest amount of time. It’s easy to get eliminated and just feel the experience.

Raebin Kim was impressed.

-…! okay. So am I naturally falling out after such a dense experience that will help me compose?

-That could be true.

no. It was Kim Rae-bin’s mistake. Park Moon-dae assumed that if he was eliminated he never said that would necessarily happen.

And Kim Rae-bin was planning to add it at least through manipulation.

Kim Rae-bin was planning to debut like this without knowing why but she completely believed that she would be eliminated.

‘But I never thought I would win by decision alone on the first stage… ’

After all it was survival. No matter how much you think about it the two who showed an excellent performance are in danger of being eliminated.

Nevertheless the fact that both of them were bold made them even more trustworthy!

He nodded again.

-It’s okay don’t worry about it let’s just practice.

-Raebin Kim you’re doing great!

So Kim Rae-bin is waiting for the live broadcast of episode 1 of &lt;Wise&gt; with excitement even though she is not appearing.

This is because he wanted to see his older brother who helped him perform in person.

“hmm.”

The broadcast started promptly at 10\:50 p.m. without delay.

[Yes I am~]

A series of silhouettes turning their heads posing and raising their arms pass in time with the beat of the theme.

[Who can be a star?]

The final scene of the opening was the stage with fourteen people standing back to back. It was a typical reality survival opening.

And beyond the grandiose boasts of the agency shown in the trailer the focus focuses on the empty stage.

A fairly expensive looking dark set lighting and music create tension.

[CEO Kim Tae-in\: Let’s get started.]

Above it the stage unfolds with trainees climbing the stairs of the stage one by one.

It’s different from ‘Azusa’. Since we are starting with trainees who have already been identified by the company characters have already been assigned to all 14 people.

Especially focusing on a few people who really want to appeal to the public.

[Ace Leader]

For example this explanation given to Jaehyun Shin.

[He is a brother I really respect.]

[No. 1 in almost every monthly review.]

[Someone who can’t do anything?]

The editing which intersects testimonies and daily life practice stages gives it a clear emphasis.

Keywords like ‘competent trustworthy calm capable’.

Of course there were keywords that were formed based on appearance alone.

-Wow this guy is really handsome.

Raebin Kim who was watching on TV didn’t know but the Internet was crowded with people chatting while watching.

Mainly existing idol fans came to see the new male rookie from ‘the’ LeTi.

-Shin Jae-hyun came out.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠI was just waiting for you to debut. This account belongs to Jaehyun.

-Look at the reaction a truck has already been hit. I knew that would happen.

-You’re this handsome but you’re also good at Letty-san? This must be the group sign

Shin Jae-hyun who was already well-known boasted an overwhelming response that was almost as if he had been selected.

And Shin Jae-hyun’s performance on the lit stage was elegant and flawless a perfect professional performance.

[The pain must be stinging]

The order was edited to contrast with the previous stage which was unnaturally burdensome due to too much force but it was a very appropriate stage without any need.

As Shin Jaehyun intended.

-I decided to vote for Jaehyun Shin;;;;

-He’s the leader? ㅇㅋㅇㅋ I have to become a leader.

-I can already hear the sound of a number of Homma accounts being created.

In survival it is important to get one more hit in the latter half of the game.

So despite hiding his capabilities Shin Jae-hyun as always achieved exactly the image he wanted.

‘indeed…!’

And Kim Rae-bin who was purely watching is nodding.

‘Your skills are as good as your personality.’

-Welcome.

He took notes remembering Shin Jae-hyeon who had a friendly attitude and even shook his hand. This is because I was writing down my impressions of each stage in my own way.

But it didn’t last long.

“ah!”

Finally the person I had been waiting for got on the airwaves.

What appeared on the screen was Ryu Geon-woo neatly dressed with his hair styled calmly.

And the Internet was once again in an uproar.

-Glasses man 1!! Oh I’m not wearing glasses

-Ah the cold prize is so preciousㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠThank you Letty!!

-I’ve already put one in with him and Shin Jae-hyun so the Bermuda line is firmly captured.

Because he was one of the trainees who became a hot topic because he was handsome.

At that time Ryu Geon-woo’s modifier appears in the subtitles on the screen.

[Singing Genius]

It was so intuitive that it made me cringe.

And it was also a nickname that no viewer expected.

-???? Singing skills?

-What is a genius?

This is because there was no modifier for appearance.

-What is it is it really a sign with that face?

-No they’re doing it to push a different visual. Don’t expect it. But I’m looking forward to it.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

– Doesn’t that mean he’s a facial genius?

-Oh I think the subtitles are too overdone haha.

And the stage started quietly.

Ryu Geon-woo puts his mouth to a clunkily large standing microphone and sings a surprisingly rich and atmospheric song.

I call.

jazz.

The power to make you watch TV again even if you look away maintaining the emotional line while properly utilizing the high and low technical parts.

-ah

-?

-omg

-He’s good at it.

A reaction that barely produced an exclamation swept through the window.

And Kim Rae-bin who was watching TV clenched his fist.

That amazing ability was a competency but for some reason… there was something like a strange sense of satisfaction.

Would you say it feels like the puzzle fits perfectly?

‘Is it because the ideal guide vocal I thought of… has that feeling?’

It was strange.

But the evaluation stage lasts only about 2 minutes.

And the song ended quickly.

And the ending which allows you to enjoy the lingering emotions from various angles and the president’s pouring praises continue on the screen.

Ryu Geon-woo was just standing there neatly listening to the evaluation but the Internet has now started giving proper evaluations.

-Mebo is right.

-You’re singing you’re singing perfectly.

– Glasses man but you don’t dance well?

└Is it real? Is it possible to not be able to do anything?

-I caught it after seeing his face. This is the first time he’s been good on stage. Is this… a hit?

Moreover as the interview with the president continued new information emerged and viewers were pleasantly surprised.

-3 months per year

-????

-No where is the main character in a drama?? LOL

And the topic of current status is not left out.

[President Kim Tae-in\: Which university are you a student of?]

[Ryu Geon-woo\: Yonhee University]

[Ryu Geon-woo\: I’m going.]

‘You’re even good at studying!’

Raebin Kim nodded. He was somehow knowledgeable and spoke his words with confidence and flow!

Of course not everyone passed it off as peacefully as Kim Rae-bin.

-????

-Yonhee University? Is this the Yonhee University I know? – He has a mebo position that face and is good at studying but he was a trainee for 3 months…

– Even comics these days don’t have settings like this. Letia is this real?

It’s to the point where there’s even talk about how this is possible etc.

-No with that face shouldn’t he already be famous in the regiment? Hahaha.

-Wow I have it all. It seems like it would be harder to hate it haha. I’m already excited.

-Just looking at it I can see that the vocals were also heavily edited to make it pop. Everyone is catching on.

└This is a heat wave.

-I love it so crazy this is my first time with an idol like thisㅠㅠㅠㅠLet’s debut quickly Geonwoo!!!

In the meantime Ryu Geon-woo’s sincere sentiments even managed to appeal to the point where they seemed somewhat pure.

The amount of mentions has soared to the point of explosion but at the same time the intensity of subtle antipathy has also intensified.

This is because appearing to have no weaknesses and appearing to have no trials in life evokes both admiration and resistance.

However thanks to that Ryu Geon-woo’s buzz began to burn more brightly as if he had met a catalyst.

[The identity of the handsome man with glasses who appeared as a soft and sweet year-end dancer.jpg]

[Leti Survival trainees who seem to be a big hit]

And this fire even reached the area around Ryu Geon-woo.

* * *

I picked up my smartphone.

24 missed calls.

When you enter the messenger app you will see a series of chat windows with new number alarms popping up.

It also comes in real time.

[Speaker Lee Yu-jin\: Why are you debuting?]

[Speaker Lee Yu-jin\: Is being an idol something you really wanted to do? no…]

There was a lot of communication like this.

‘…I didn’t think of this.’

But it is an understandable development.

In the end Ryu Geon-woo here suddenly appeared on TV as an idol trainee while he was in college so people who knew him could have contacted him out of curiosity.

‘He must have walked quietly.’

Looking at the list most of the people who did the group work seem to be the same so I don’t feel a sense of crisis due to rumors. Still we need to monitor the school community.

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth as if he heard my phone ringing in the kitchen.

“The kids asked me today too if I was their cousin.”

Is that so?

“What did you say?”

“I thought you didn’t know that we are twins not cousins?”

“…”

Are you serious?

Liu Chengwu looked at my face and burst into laughter.

“I said it was a joke and of course he was a cool and good friend.”

Then he sat down next to me and handed me a beer can with thin ice.

“…!”

“what’s the matter? “Oh didn’t you drink that?”

“no.”

I gladly grabbed the beer and opened the door. And I drank it all at once.

Tu-tu-tu-tuk!

It’s been a long time since I’ve had that refreshing cheap taste.

This… isn’t reality so you can think of it as having some fun.

“Is filming fun?

“fairly.”

I lowered the can and responded. In fact this guy was notified of his participation only after his profile picture appeared on the Internet.

He checked first and then asked.

-You didn’t tell me you were appearing in something like this.

-… Uh um.

I was able to roughly smooth out the situation after making an excuse to Ryu Cheong-woo saying ‘It wasn’t confirmed and I didn’t know what would happen.’

After it actually aired my attitude changed a bit.

“I see. “Definitely… just looking at this it looks like he’s having fun.”

This guy watched the idol program quite favorably. Even now I am naturally focusing on the TV screen.

Episode 2 was being aired to rave reviews.

[New participants appearing…?]

Episode 2 ends provocatively with the appearance of the supplementary class.

The existing participants with stiff expressions are seen passing by…

‘It’s okay.’

Because of the quite spicy and unpredictable setting this survival seemed like it would go quite well.

‘Of course we can’t just end it at a good level.’

I chuckled anticipating what kind of reaction I would get in episodes 3 and 4.

I had to draw as well as possible until the second half.

Because it will go in a direction that people who are watching the early episodes cannot easily predict.

* * *

[New competitor ‘Supplementary Group’ appears!]

“What are you looking at?”

“Ah the new Letty Survival.”

An idol group traveling by car.

The member who was sitting in the back seat and watching the program seriously was briefly interrupted.

〈Wise〉 The member sitting next to me lightly jeered after seeing the screen with the LeTi logo floating on it.

“Oh you’re a rookie in the formation again?”

“eww. “

One or two other people reacted in the same way but most of the others were busy minding their own business.

Friendship game dating.

“…”

MS Entertainment’s Jairob has settled into the music industry smoothly as expected from a famous agency. It’s already been 3 years.

As they won the main prize at most awards ceremonies and the settlement money from the tour began to increase everyone showed signs in their mannerisms.

‘Ah~’

This kid doesn’t even know the schedule.

The member who was looking at the screen sighed smiled and turned his head.

“Hey hyung since we’re appearing as a mentor here I’m watching it at the same time~ I’ll keep an eye on it!”

“Oh well. okay.”

They say they didn’t know.

‘Just keep your mouth shut’

Sejin Lee naturally ignored the thought of twisting the corner of her mouth and resumed watching with a light smile.

‘…You’re good at it.’

In the screen that returns to episode 1 a participant is seen singing elegant jazz.

It was particularly memorable perhaps because there was nothing awkward about the stage.

“…”

Sejin Lee lifted her chin and looked at it.

Even though he made his long-awaited debut and everything is going more smoothly than he expected.

I couldn’t shake off this strange feeling of discomfort as if I had somehow received something that wasn’t my own.

‘Why are you doing this?’

It was still a cold winter.
