---
title: "Chapter 378"
category: "book"
index: 377
section: "Chapter 378"
slug: "378"
---

# Chapter 378

Posts about Ryu Geon-woo began to appear in the university community right after episode 1 was broadcast.

———————==

[Alumni just appeared on TV]

But did we have someone like that at our school?

———————==

-? Articles like this must be legally given and notated.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-What is it? Let me see your face.

-I’m almost a celebrity so I can upload it right? (capture)

└Wow

└Wow…

People who initially scolded and dismissed the incident changed their faces the moment they saw the capture. It is the power of appearance stats and correction.

-Is your name ㄹㄱㅇ? I’m so nervous…

-It’s in the subtitles but why are they using consonants?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkk

-There is no Feruk or Inheart. I guess he lived quietly.

-No I don’t know anyone really?

The number of comments on the post that was about to disappear as I skipped over to the latest page started to increase and even a person claiming to know Ryu Geon-woo appeared.

-Oh this is the person I did the group assignment with.

└Quick review

└How about it?

└He was quiet and worked hard but he was very smart and wore glasses.

└You have it all. I’m fucking jealous.

└What kind of fruit is it?

└I think it was towards Sangkyung.

Fortunately this guy Ryu Geon-woo also lived a similar life as I did when I was in first grade so he didn’t say anything.

‘There is no such nonsense as free riding.’

I haven’t been named enough to manipulate authentication yet so that’s it.

I shook my head when I saw the comments where the guy who was stealing my personal information and the guy who was telling me not to do that were starting to fight.

Of course people started talking about Ryu Cheong-woo being more famous than me.

-Aren’t they twins?

…Ryu Chengwu’s nonsense almost spread but fortunately it was corrected.

-?? No they are relatives haha. They often go together.

-What cartoon is it? A gold medalist and an idol brother are both students at a prestigious university.

└Ah haha one light novel is a breeze.

And these posts are captured and uploaded to other communities and then to social media.

It was a great viral process.

‘It’s spread quite a bit.’

I don’t know if it’s true or fake but viewers trusted it just because it was posted in an authenticated school community.

‘It’s fun because there’s so little information.’

Actually this tendency is a double-edged sword but it is useful because it is not stuck in my skin right now.

-For some reason he was wearing glasses. Jo Won who is quiet and good at his work came across as a nerd. Really.

-Wow you were Ryu Cheong-woo’s relative.

-Looking at it like this it looks really similar…? (Comparison image)

However I feel uncomfortable because Ryu Cheong-woo is mentioned a lot.

A guy who quit the national team and found a new career path and became an ordinary college student is treated like a celebrity.

I asked outright.

“A rumor has spread that he is related to you. Are you okay?”

“My brother didn’t do anything strange so why bother? Of course it’s okay.”

Ryu Cheong-woo shrugged it off saying that this was not the first time his current situation had been posted on the Internet.

‘hmm.’

If that’s the case.

I continued browsing the internet.

First of all the demand group.

Even though Ryu Geon-woo hasn’t released anything yet he seems to have been stably included in the trend he likes by grouping people with similar so-called ‘picture styles’.

So it was a success to dominate the early fan base.

-Geonwoo Jaehyun and Taejun. Who do you like? #Wise_Chinsoo

-Genius Jazz is so goodㅠㅠ

And as for the details other than the stage…

-Never waver in your posture throughout the review (video)

-Look at the fact that Geon-woo has even covered the bed with his own blanket. It really feels like he received a good home education… ㅜㅜ (capture)

After reading similar posts I roughly came up with an idea.

About my selling point here.

‘Genius calm smart pure elite golden spoon.’

A model student who grew up out of time.

It’s a keyword that works but it’s also a keyword that many people dislike.

‘There will be huge differences in likes and dislikes… ’

I searched a few more times.

There doesn’t seem to be a name for search prevention yet. Because it is a program that is a bit different from its competitor “Azusa.”

Still once you get past the halfway point the people who criticize you in earnest will start to show up.

‘I think they’ll probably call it something like ‘Ja’ to make a mockery of the first jazz performance.’

Anyway now you can just search for quality reviews.

For example if you click on the article that says ‘Feelings from trainees so far’ and look at Ryu Geon-woo’s item…

-ㄹㄱㅇ\: Damn. I feel like I grew up without anything lacking but my lifespan is also short? As soon as you debut and your schedule becomes difficult controversy over your attitude starts.

okay. This is because it feels like this.

I chuckled.

Since I prepared a room for this I don’t think much of it when I see this post.

I just want to make sure things are going well.

‘When are you coming?’

I straightened my shoulders.

And a few days later the official trailer for episode 3 was released.

[Honors class VS Supplementary class?]

[Results no one expected]

[?? \: Ah!]

[President Kim Tae-in\: Regardless of affiliation we will make a cold judgment.]

In order to avoid spoiling the entire scene the stages are shown in close-ups and full cameras.

[Skilled members of &lt;Supplementary Group&gt;]

[Trainer\: If we go like this (beep-) will definitely win. know?]

Kim Rae-bin also appeared briefly and Cha Yu-jin was given quite a bit of screen time. This is because a few seconds of the highlights of the performance with Cheongryeo were broadcast.

‘This is just a pre-release and they let me know who I’m going to be with.’

The flashy movements are captured impressively and then cut off briefly.

[An unexpected classic]

[Shin Jae-hyun\: But we can’t lose.]

Cheongryeo’s bitter smile passes briefly.

In addition a series of stern faces passed by making it confusing as to who the trainees who had been singled out were…

Soon there is a slow close-up of a face breathing heavily with a stiff expression.

grow.

[President Kim Tae-in\: Why can’t I see desperation?]

[Ryu Geon-woo\:…]

With the sound of deep breathing the title logo goes up and the trailer ends.

Oh I did hold the electronic display board.

This is it.

[〈Supplementary Class〉 ■■■ – Win!]

[The shocking results will be revealed this week.]

It means that someone from the supplementary class won. I nodded in satisfaction.

‘Good.’

I gave it the last one but it doesn’t have a lot of content so I don’t think there will be any unnecessary controversy over the nominee.

‘The editing is not friendly to anyone to begin with.’

Isn’t it like they’re saying I ruined the stage? It’s a good aggro to see a good guy fail.

As if no one thought that I would be in danger haha the SNS that was waiting for the Hoho trailer was also turned upside down.

It’s like this.

-What is Geonwoo’s marine look???ㅠㅠㅠCrazy

-You crazy boss.

These posts were posted by the same person 2 seconds apart.

Of course there is not only a story about Ryu Geon-woo. Overall there are many viewers who were surprised by the pre-bread trailer that “Supplementary Group” was added.

Since everyone is not stupid in the last preview at the end of episode 2 they assumed that the ‘supplementary class’ was just meant to be an obstacle.

-CEO Kim will never let go of Letty Award. It’s just a masterpiece for broadcasting haha.

But don’t you say out loud that you won?

At this point even the fans of the agency’s deceased figures are embarrassed.

-It must be fishing ahead of time right??

-Ah the supplementary class where did you get such rubbish rules again?

-Wow but isn’t he handsome…? (capture)

This is so crazy that posts are starting to appear in entertainment communities as well.

[Letty Survival Trailer which is going crazy now (participant replaced)]

Excellent.

At this level it could be considered spicy not just spicy for an office survival show.

Leaving behind the Internet situation where aggro was well underway and Won Ki-ok was gathering I headed back to the filming set.

* * *

“Phew.”

One of the &lt;Wise&gt; contestants sighed deeply.

I knew there was a camera but I couldn’t help it.

Because it was so frustrating and cruel.

Such was the new treatment he received in the new filming.

“You are now ‘outside’.”

If the ‘Supplementary Group’ does not win the first one-on-one death match they will be eliminated.

But what about existing participants?

Literally ‘outside’.

They become an underprivileged group excluded from all main events.

And in fear of being eliminated I have to pack up my bags and leave my dorm room.

Then you should see a participant from the ‘Supplementary Group’ take his or her place and unpack his or her luggage.

〈Supplementary Class〉 This is what he experienced when he lost to Kim Rae-bin and was on the verge of elimination.

“sorry. I will write carefully. sorry!”

“no. it’s okay…”

I was also angry that I had to hold back my anger toward the ‘Supplementary Group’ who apologized sincerely. Because the camera is rolling.

‘There’s no way something like this would happen… ’

Although it is the world of show business it was a shock in its own way for him who was still young and had not yet had a long training period.

He trudged forward following the instructions of the production crew.

He had put aside in his mind the fact that he had secretly ignored the trainees who had not been selected as participants in this survival show until a few days ago.

And then I saw reality again.

“Ugh.”

The ‘outside’ didn’t even have a bed at all. The place that I thought was a warehouse until now was the place where the ‘outlaws’ would stay.

Treated like a servant somewhere.

It was so sad.

‘I’m so annoyed.’

However he was not alone. Ryu Geon-woo is an older person whose short trainee period seemed like a lie and was met with extremely positive reviews.

The participant was right next to him.

It felt a bit savory and reassuring.

Even though I performed so well on my first stage I was on the verge of being eliminated so luck must have played a role.

-brother…

-Don’t think too much and see you later.

Seeing as he said this to the supplementary class that took his place it seemed like he still had quite a bit of free time.

-I’ll see you again soon bro.

-… thanks.

In addition I saw him shaking hands with his roommate Shin Jae-hyun as he left the room but wouldn’t he look a bit dejected now?

‘where.’

The participant lifted his face to check Ryu Geon-woo’s expression.

“…??”

It was surprisingly calm.

My mouth opened automatically.

“Are you okay… bro?”

“It’s not okay… but there’s nothing we can do.”

Ryu Geon-woo answered with a calm expression.

“I failed because I wasn’t good at it so there’s nothing to feel unfair about.”

“…”

For some reason I was a little upset. Is there room in this situation?

‘There is a place to go back to. ‘This is it.’

Aren’t you a student from a prestigious university? The participant was so moved that he almost looked at Ryu Geon-woo with rebellious eyes.

But Ryu Geon-woo’s words did not end there.

“But I won’t be eliminated like this.”

“!”

“I have to go up somehow. Even if you crawl.”

And the participant realized.

He looks calm but that’s only because he has made up his mind.

“…me too.”

“is it so. Let’s do our best.”

The participant willingly bumped fists with Ryu Geon-woo. And I kept my mouth shut and thought.

Now that I see it it looks like he’s holding back a lot of thoughts as if he’s come to some kind of realization…

‘ah.’

It had to be that way.

Because he wanted to look like that.

‘good. ‘This will definitely go out.’

After speaking meaningfully with the participant Ryu Geon-woo was inwardly happy and took the blanket.

‘The pledge of two trainees who are on the verge of elimination. Since there are only two of us we will definitely go out.’

Every single cut was taken properly.

* * *

By the time I finished organizing my belongings in the warehouse of the dorm I was kicked out of the full-scale filming schedule began again.

Of course there is no such thing as an exception.

“During the main event you can clean up your accommodation.”

“yes…?”

“yes.”

It was like this.

‘It’s rather good.’

The main event this time was to sing a campaign song for some kind of public service announcement but I didn’t regret not being able to participate at all. There is nothing to appeal to.

Even if it appears on air it ends with a 20-minute cut and most of the content is more provocative team battles.

‘14 people just one campaign song? ‘It’s better this way.’

It’s clear that people will enjoy it because it’s less obvious housework. I worked hard to organize the accommodation and cook.

It is important to be serious and work hard so as not to look like you are playing around. Just don’t look so miserable that it’s unpleasant.

“It’s much nicer because it’s clean.”

“yes…”

The guy I work with is less cooperative but that’s okay… it depends on how well you can appease him.

‘The more I do the better.’

I think I should use this opportunity to shed the image that I grew up with without suffering. I decided to grab some rubber gloves.

“I’m going to clean up the bathroom.”

After spending all of the daytime with the ‘not a gold spoon in the greenhouse’ certification the event is finally over and the real deal comes.

Time to prepare for the third performance.

“Prior to announcing this theme the outside parties will be moved separately.”

And here too the number of people excluded refers to the number of people outside the quota.

If you are isolated and wait in another practice room it will take an hour or two before a trainer finally comes and explains how things work.

“You don’t get to choose a team.”

First of all no other information is given. Just let the team select you as a team member.

It’s waiting to be given.

But if no one comes…

“You are automatically eliminated.”

However if anyone comes they are accepted with kkakdugi… d.

‘Considering the loss of parts the correct answer is that talented teams do not come.’

It never goes back like that. Isn’t this an in-house survival game?

I didn’t show anything just stood still and waited with a serious expression.

Sure enough about 10 minutes had passed since I received the notice.

The practice room door opens softly.

And what you see is…

“excuse me.”

This is Shin Jae-hyeon.

He came into the practice room and naturally stood next to the trainer in front of the camera.

I kept my mouth shut in silence.

“Are there any outside participants that the team decided to accept?”

“yes.”

He looked at me openly and opened his mouth as if he had nothing to hide.

“The participant our team would like to join is Ryu Geon-woo…”

It was then.

dripping.

The door opens once more with a knocking sound.

A little more hastily than before.

“I…”

“…!”

The one who came in was… Chae-yul.

A member of VTIC in the original world of the supplementary class that joined me.

“Did you decide to accept outsiders from that team as well?”

“yes.”

He seemed a little embarrassed to see someone else already there but he answered right away.

“…This is participant Ryu Geon-woo.”

I guess so. Actually I thought you would come if you just persuaded your teammates.

Now what is the trainer’s verdict?

“If both teams nominate an outside participant that participant can choose.”

Oh this is unexpected.

‘I thought it would be first-come-first-served or something like rock-paper-scissors among themselves.’

But actually I’m not very happy about it. I don’t want my rank to appear high here.

Right now being in a position that involves moving up from the bottom is working well.

‘hmm.’

I blinked a few times as if I was embarrassed. And I quickly glanced at them.

It’s a situation where you can’t know what the team is like and you only have to look at the face sign to choose.

Looking at the revealed facts it seems unclear whether Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin will be among these two teams.

‘Hmm.’

I finished the calculation by pretending to look at the floor for a moment.

And decided.

“The team I want to join is…”

think.
