---
title: "Chapter 379"
category: "book"
index: 378
section: "Chapter 379"
slug: "379"
---

# Chapter 379

“The team I want to join is Jaehyun Shin’s team.”

I chose Cheongryeo’s team.

Even the trainer opens his eyes wide. An attitude as if he thought I would naturally choose Jin Chae-yul’s team.

[Uh huh? brother?]

Even this quiet guy came out and said ‘I won’t interfere with filming.’

‘why.’

[Well Chae-yul was my competitor just before but the atmosphere was good… I thought we would do great together as a team this time…]

So you also drew your own version?

I laughed inwardly.

‘no.’

[omg! why?]

‘It’s a good idea but it has a lot of pitfalls.’

Because my position becomes ambiguous.

First of all if I get along with Chae-yul my opinion will definitely be stronger than this guy’s. Since he already has a record he is older and his skills are superior there is nothing he can do about it.

Here if you act like ‘I lost so I’ll keep quiet’ the picture will get weird so if there’s no one better than me on that guy’s team I’ll have to take charge again.

‘no.’

Then problems arise from song selection. If we continue with the light and refreshing concept like last time problems will arise in the evaluation of the president.

‘There’s talk of people not coming to their senses and repeating the same thing.’

Otherwise they’ll think we’re fighting.

But what if the route is changed to a gloomy concept in line with the president’s evaluation? This is exactly what happens.

-Well I guess I wasn’t expecting a picture like this.

-I understand why but when I try to be considerate and it doesn’t work out I feel like my true colors are coming out so it’s a bit… cool.

I’m sure that when episode 3 airs there will be quite a bit of public opinion opposing the president’s harsh criticism and defending me but I’m pretending to be disappointed because I’ve let down the expectations of those people.

No matter what you choose you will lose the advantage you had in the previous team match.

Whether it is consideration or pure tenacity.

[I never imagined this answer…]

There’s nothing to be upset about though.

‘I’m just saying that this time I thought it would be best if there was someone solidly capable of being the leader other than me.’

And didn’t a leader with decades or even hundreds of years of experience come along who was proven to be good at his job?

I sincerely made a facial expression of gratitude.

“…thanks.”

“I am truly grateful. “Please take care of me brother.”

Cheongnyeo.

‘This edition will be positioned as the #1 team member who works hard.’

That’s the best.

I shook hands with Cheongnyeo. The guy was smiling faintly.

‘This is what I knew it would be like.’

Are you saying that you came back after completing the calculations?

I click my tongue on the inside but on the outside I’m a bastard

He continued to look at me with gratitude.

Of course follow-up is also essential.

“Still do you have anything to say to the other teams that came to visit Geon-woo?”

okay. At this point I thought I would catch the wind.

I immediately approached Jin Chae-yul before the trainer even finished speaking. The guy was nodding his head as if he understood.

“Thank you so much for coming.”

“no…”

Here I change the point of why I rejected Chae-yul.

“But you don’t have to feel guilty or responsible because I lost. really.”

“…!”

Jin Chae-yul raised his head.

“You got it because you were good at it. I too will do well this time and move up. “Let’s do it together again on the next stage.”

This is to consider whether you may have made an unreasonable choice due to guilt.

‘Actually it’s worth it.’

Since this guy was from the supplementary class he probably didn’t know anyone on the team so it would have been quite difficult to convince him to bring me along.

‘If I actually enter there’s a high probability that I’ll be talked about again because of the part.’

It would be easier in many ways for this guy to go separately. Because his abilities are also good.

“We had fun.”

“! yes!”

The guy sniffled but then smiled and nodded. I patted everyone on the back and created a good mood.

…I was actually quite grateful.

Even if your brain is a bit bright there is no malicious intent.

‘If you see that that bastard doesn’t make any noise it means that this guy will get along easily.’

I don’t think I need to do any other work.

Another team soon came and picked up the other contestants who were with Raebin Kim and the distribution of radish radish radish ended in that way.

But the camera still follows.

Well it would be better to ask this question.

I asked Cheongryeo as I walked down the hallway.

“Why did you choose me?”

“We work together best when we practice. “I want to show you.”

He lied without even putting saliva in his mouth… Wow this bastard also gritted his teeth to make a big deal out of it.

“And my brother is so good…”

As expected he is a man who knows how to clean his mouth. I returned the words as if I had promised.

“We have to do better. “It won’t be a nuisance to the team.”

“I don’t doubt it. Oh and there’s one more reason.”

“…?”

Cheongryeo laughed heartily.

“I think you’ll like our team too.”

“…hmm. “I guess so.”

I suddenly have a bad feeling but let’s just smile for now.

And after a while I get to see the team members that Cheongryeo has gathered.

Sweet.

“Brother Geon-woo is here.”

“thank you. Please take care of me.”

I knew it would be like this but when I open the door the first thing I see is… Kim Rae-bin.

“It’s an honor to team up like this! “Please take care of me!”

Producer Rapper Ssssssamham. I thought I would pick him and bring him because he was a good guy to use and didn’t overlap with me in any way.

‘So far it’s good.’

I already thought I should take care of it this round.

When the team members turn their heads while hearing the explanation that they met through a mini game… yes there is also one VTIC member.

“hello.”

“Yes yes.”

Hmm it’s a cast iron. I think his real name was something else but let’s omit it and just nod.

What’s surprising is that the last guy who comes running out from behind like a bullet is also someone I know.

“brother! Welcome~ Sit down!”

…You even brought Cha Yu-jin with you.

“I really like our team! Good job!”

“Uh okay.”

I didn’t expect this. I thought I would throw it away because the positions overlapped but it was quite a challenging choice.

I sat around and checked the final sum.

Two main dancers main rapper lead vocalist…

‘And is it complete with me as the main vocalist?’

VTIC half Testa half.

In fact there is no flaw from skill to positioning. If there are no problems this round will be won and passed smoothly without any major difficulties.

As long as we don’t fight… I don’t have any intention of dragging him away so I guess I can just act as a mediator.

‘good.’

Roles were clearly organized. I nodded.

“First let me briefly explain the rules on how we organize the performance.”

This round has a simple structure in which two teams that select the same concept keyword compete against each other. And superiority and inferiority are decided on a team basis.

Except me.

I was told that I would be evaluated separately as either being eliminated or remaining.

And the keywords we received were…

“Hmm… sexy.”

“…”

You chose something very avant-garde.

Cheongryeo smiles apologetically.

“It’s a little embarrassing right? sorry. “Because I’m not good at games.”

That must have been so.

“no! You did a good job but the circumstances were not good at the end. The concept is also… interesting!”

“that’s right. “It’s okay…”

“okay? “Thank you for saying that.”

Leaving aside this abominable performance for show the concept itself is not bad.

It’s powerful in itself and doesn’t overlap with previous stages.

‘good.’

During the arrangement discussion I naturally supported the opinion of Cheongryeo who was the leader and did not lead public opinion.

Sometimes all you have to do is gently incorporate Cha Yu-jin or Kim Rae-bin’s opinions into the flow.

So the direction of the arrangement was quickly outlined as Cheongryeo had envisioned. Thanks to this he spit out this line faster than expected.

“Then I’ll talk about the part from now on.”

This is where the main topic begins.

“Does anyone want the high notes on the bridge here?”

Immediately raise your hand.

“I want to do it.”

“ah.”

From then on I volunteered for all the difficult high notes parts.

Since I am the only one in the main vocal position there is no negative effect even if I get greedy.

‘The answer is to show a little combativeness.’

The trick here is to actively challenge only those parts that are difficult enough for others to avoid. It would be difficult to come in later and eat up the space.

I only maintain the image of showing everything to the limit of what I can do.

“Geonwoo wouldn’t it be very difficult?”

“I’ll try to digest it.”

And I won’t deny it. Cheongryeo came in at the right time to help me save my image.

“Then shall we end the distribution of parts like this?”

“yes!”

They even prepared a pretty good part for Cha Yu-jin. Even though I gave up quite a bit of myself.

‘hmm.’

As the production crew was checking the filming equipment I asked Cheongnyeo quietly without a microphone.

“I wonder.”

They put Cha Yu-jin on the team and gave him this much weight.

Without even asking what was surprising the guy answered right away.

“It’s nice to see. Because the two people who showed good performances as competitors will become one team this time. “Isn’t that right?”

“…”

When the death match between the two airs soon votes will pour in for Cha Yu-jin.

The intention is to block those viewers before they develop a backlash against them.

‘A bastard who led the suspect.’

It’s a great choice.

“I think it seemed like a good choice for your junior. “Well should we share this detailed story now?”

“That’s it.”

I held back a sigh.

Of course I had heard a briefing from him about how this survival would proceed.

However no further detailed joint plans were made. I recalled the conversation at that time.

-There is no need for further details.

-hmm?

-Yes even if you discuss everything and make a plan based on prior knowledge variables may appear. Because the time zone is different and the participants are different.

-That’s right.

The guy noticed right away laughed heartily and continued his next words.

-And at that moment if we each have different opinions… Hmm you have no intention of giving in?

It was a natural story. You probably think your ideas are more effective you idiot.

-So let’s go on our own. If you get caught do whatever you want.

-is it so. Do your best. Your junior will debut anyway so don’t feel pressured.

I’m a little annoyed that this guy thinks everything is in his hands.

‘That’s it.’

That’s good. Then have a taste of this natural disaster.

After breaking up with him I called the next person and went out into the hallway.

“Cha Yujin.”

“Umm?”

“for a moment.”

I took him aside and had a short conversation.

-On this stage…

It was a small operation that started like this.

Cha Yu-jin looked at the note for a moment and then shrugged her shoulders.

And I wrote it like a reply.

-It’s not impossible.

-[But only for the team.]

team.

‘You probably mean Testa.’

I chuckled.

I got it bastard.

“good. Then write it here like this.”

“why?”

This is a fabrication of evidence to be submitted later when the production crew asks about the hallway cam.

And two days later the midterm evaluation day came.

Preparations had already been completed. My original plan was to make a good impression from here and create an editing point and story.

‘That was… it was going to happen.’

An unexpected situation occurred.

Active idols came as special judges for the mid-term inspection.

“We have gathered KPOP stars of our time who are actively working.”

“Huh.”

A lineup so good that trainees who make a fuss appear.

Among them… there was one.

“Hello this is Sejin Lee from Gyrop!”

“…!”

A familiar face.

To be precise there is a guy sitting in the seat who is familiar only with his face but unfamiliar with his styling.

Big Sejin.

“…”

yes. I found out that they had already debuted by searching the internet in advance. And of course I expected to meet him when I was working on a broadcast.

But I didn’t expect to see that guy’s face already…

Cha Yu-jin lightly hit his side.

‘caution.’

“…”

yes. It’s being filmed.

I focused on performance. It’s been a long time since I made a living from this for an unexpected situation to have any effect.

“Whoop.”

“That’s it!”

The first verse performance went well.

And Sejin Lee of Xyrop left this comment.

“Wow you seem to be better than me~? “It was impressive.”

“thank you!”

“By the way Mr. Geon-woo.”

why.

“It’s okay to be a little less nervous~ I think you get a little nervous before and after the stage. “I don’t think there was any need for that!”

“…yes. thank you.”

Fuck you.

I immediately went out into the hallway during break time.

Because it’s a bit of a thing to do in a place where there are people.

[are you okay??]

Of course it’s okay. therefore…

‘Recruiting fellow colleagues.’

Let’s use up that damn reputation exp that gained 50000 points after episode 1 2 aired.

[Recruiting colleagues]

[1 time / 10 times]

I pressed the button 10 times.

The lights explode and the list passes by without any sincerity.

One star two stars one star two stars two stars…

Familiar names do not appear. This situation where a stranger’s name is just a colleague and it fills the window…

‘Fuck you.’

I gritted my teeth and turned it again.

[★]

[★]

[★★★]

[★★]

Stars are pouring down endlessly but no one is looking for them. This time it disappears leaving behind only useless gold.

“…”

I chewed my tongue.

Let’s use some common sense. Anyway there’s nothing you can do if you hire that guy as a colleague right now.

‘I already debuted with a different team.’

This means that he is the one with the least chance of joining.

‘…is that why I feel more rejected?’

Lee Se-jin who debuted in a completely different group? There is no certification mark indicating that this is not reality.

“Whoa.”

I sighed. As my head cooled I could see the principles of my actions.

“under.”

A laugh comes out.

okay.

It would be nice to have more guys who are efficient naive and aware of reality.

‘…I don’t think it will come out.’

Still I smiled and raised my hand and pressed 10 again. It couldn’t be that funny.

It was then.

[~♪♬♪~]

“…!”

An aurora light explodes from the image of the night sky-like pop-up window and soon swirls as if it is about to escape from the pop-up window…

‘This.’

It’s a visual effect I’ve seen before.

…when 5-star Cha Yu-jin was selected.

“ah.”

However four stars twinkle on the screen.

[★★★★]

That too for a while.

Soon a star of a different color flies in and attaches itself. A total of five.

And finally… the image and description appear.

[Ahh!]

[★★★★☆ Sejin Lee / Sub Vocal]

“…”

[※Colleagues with different colored stars have special abilities!]

Special abilities.

In the 〈127 Section〉 game it meant skills such as exploration or production not combat. In other words abilities in other areas rather than the game’s main abilities.

Then here…

I moved my hand.

A small pop-up that appears when you pass over the name of ‘Lee Se-jin’.

[Special ability\: Actor]

This is Bae Se-jin before changing his name.
