---
title: "Chapter 380"
category: "book"
index: 379
section: "Chapter 380"
slug: "380"
---

# Chapter 380

“…”

I confirmed adding a colleague right away. Then after swallowing I checked the list.

The current status of the colleagues selected so far was indicated.

[Colleague list]

[Shin Jae-hyun\: Going out to find a colleague (//-^├)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Calmly talking with the production crew (ㅇㅅㅇ)]

It should have ended here but one more line was added.

The guy I just picked.

[Lee Se-jin\: Reading the scenario (｀ㅅ ´9)]

scenario.

Anyone can see that this description is of an actor. So… Bae Se-jin is right.

“after.”

A pop-up pops up that looks like a large moon scrawled on it.

[Hey everyone wake up right now bro!]

okay.

[Colleague\: Would you like to awaken Sejin Lee?]

-Use Exp 1000

I reached out and was about to press the accept button…

It stopped.

[?? brother?]

No this is not it.

Only then did I turn my head where the blood had returned.

‘We are currently filming.’

A smartphone was also submitted. Anyway even if I tried to wake this guy up now I wouldn’t be able to contact him for at least four days.

Then we can’t just let this guy who regained his memories alone remain in confusion.

[Ah… I see.]

First let’s finish the stage and proceed with the awakening.

[yes! go for it!]

I returned a colleague list popup. But I wasn’t as anxious as before.

On the contrary it’s a little… motivating.

‘I’ll have to wake up and contact you as soon as it’s over. I’ll have to tell Cha Yu-jin too.’

Of course persuading this guy didn’t seem like a normal thing… but that alone made me feel really good.

My head becomes clearer.

[Lee Se-jin\: Reflecting on the scenario (｀ㅅ//)]

…I don’t know why hatches suddenly appear on emoticons again but anyway this is it for now.

I chuckled closed the colleague list and prepared to return to the practice room.

It was then.

“excuse me…”

“…!”

It’s a voice I know. but…

‘Why can I hear this from here?’

When I immediately turn my head I see the same guy as I expected.

This is Lee Se-jin with a shy expression.

“Where is the sink here?”

“…”

yes. Since it’s break time this guy can wander around here as he wants.

I raised my hand.

“It’s over there.”

“Ah~”

Go quickly.

But instead of going the guy started wandering.

“thank you. “Ah Mr. Gunwoo is it okay if I call you this?”

“yes.”

“Oh~ That’s refreshing!”

And grin.

“Thanks to you for performing so well today I had a lot of fun. Thank you~”

“I am”

Let’s choose our words.

“Thank you for your kind words.”

“Ah that’s not an empty comment. I saw Gunwoo’s first performance and it was all really good. I think you’ll debut really!”

Does this guy remember anything?

‘That can’t be possible.’

I guess they just wanted to create a connection for networking purposes. Isn’t it obvious?

‘That hasn’t changed.’

I relaxed my arms.

Yes anyway once the famous work is over I’m going to select you and awaken you so do whatever you want.

Let’s do some gold lacquering too.

I’m not saying anything is not happening.

“thank you. I also learned a lot from watching my senior perform. “I learned a lot from seeing how each movement expression was perfectly suited to the song.”

“ah.”

The guy suddenly closed his mouth.

‘Didn’t you expect it?’

But soon he opened his mouth like nothing had happened.

“thank you. I feel energized too~ Well then since this is also our relationship shall we exchange contact information?”

It’s the same as “Azusa”.

It’s more of a strange nostalgia than bitterness. I shrugged.

“I don’t have a phone right now… so if it’s okay I’ll give you my contact information.”

“Yeah that’s good!”

I put the number into his smartphone. I felt strange.

“I’ll text you and say hello later.” “We~”

“yes. Then I’ll just go in and get ready. thank you.”

“Um yes.”

I just turned away as if I didn’t notice that he wanted to talk more.

‘Put your brain in order.’

He’s a guy who does a lot of different things on a daily basis. I felt like if I spoke now I would make a mistake the moment I relaxed.

Anyway it was a polite response so they wouldn’t have been offended…

‘It ends up unfolding similarly here as well.’

For personal connections that is interpersonal relationships based on mutual benefit.

I laughed and hurried my steps around the corner of the hallway.

And just in time he stopped a short distance before colliding with the guy on the other side of the corner. Cheongryeo.

“It was here. “You’ve come a long way.”

“It just so happened.”

“I don’t think it’s ‘somehow’…Ah as expected.”

He glanced around the corner and checked Lee Se-jin’s back. And he muttered with a sad face.

“I heard you weren’t there. I’ll tell you in advance it’s hard to take that one. “He’s been a member of an established group for 3 years.”

Don’t I know that?

“I just opened up some contact information for networking purposes.”

“Um are you planning on persuading me by explaining what the situation is?”

“…”

“You did that to me before.”

All on the bare ground?

For a moment the thought crossed my mind that there was nothing I couldn’t do but…

“No the stage comes first.”

It’s not crazy because I can’t do it. You can do it but it’s crazy that you insist on doing something that not everyone else does.

I have no intention of talking nonsense to that guy until he awakens.

“is it so. “Well thought out.”

You’re saying something obvious.

I returned to the practice room. For the completion of the stage.

And a few days later.

Finally for the first time in this program stage filming with an audience has begun.

* * *

“Please take care of me~”

Gylob’s Se-jin Lee who came again as a special judge greeted the audience warmly and sat down.

Among the idols who came to the mid-term evaluation those who were less busy at the moment were invited back and it was not a very pleasant feeling to have won a spot.

Nevertheless there is interest in the stage.

Monitoring those who are likely to become competitors is bound to be beneficial. Plus there are people I have become friends with.

Ryu Geon-woo.

The trainee who performed on that jazz stage.

Sejin Lee frowned slightly pretending to wrinkle her nose.

‘It was a little strange.’

Originally I thought he was the type that was particularly good and attracted attention. So I thought there was nothing to lose by knowing.

But when I actually started talking…

‘I guess I should say that I just felt like I wanted to become friends.’

I feel like I want to become closer to a friend again who I became estranged from because I couldn’t figure out why he wasn’t there.

‘Do you know me before?’

Well like a friend I used to play with in the neighborhood when I was young.

No you know him because he’s older than you?

‘Oh I don’t know.’

Lee Se-jin just killed questions that couldn’t be answered.

‘There’s no reply yet anyway.’

After this stage is over you can try to find out a little by keeping in touch.

Even though the person seemed a bit blunt I was like a guy after all so I didn’t regret talking to him for no reason. Lee Se-jin straightened his posture even more.

Because filming will start soon.

“〈Wise〉 3rd stage begins.”

The set is prepared according to the president’s wonderful words.

And what unfolds are stages worthy of a debut group from a large agency.

‘…I’m annoyed.’

Sejin Lee suppressed her boiling emotions.

A sense of crisis and a sense of crisis.

And then rank it.

This side is worse than Gylob and that side is similar to Gyrop…

‘Well just because you’re good at performing doesn’t mean you’ll be popular.’

Isn’t it because the past female idols of that agency couldn’t rise to prominence even with their soft and sweet skills so they turned to the concept of sickness?

But when I think about the fact that I’m debuting after sifting half of it through a sieve…

‘Ah… damn it.’

Lee Se-jin decided that he had to think of a way to whip the group somehow.

Dealing with people was the area he was most confident in. I feel a sense of helplessness that idols seem to worry about things like that more often than the stage.

His eyes darkened but this was offset by the light.

“We are revealing the keywords for the next match.”

And as time passed the most awaited Daejeon arrived.

Keywords appear on the electronic display board.

[Sexy]

Wow!

There are groans and cheers among the visitors unsure of whether they are sighs or anticipation.

‘Ah~ I thought I made up my mind the moment I saw this.’

Lee Se-jin suppressed a bitter smile and gave an appropriate pleasant reaction for an idol with less seniority. And then the first team stage unfolded.

-Get on your knees ooh!

It was a stage where the tightly angled auto-tune and waves seemed to scream that they were lethal.

‘Hmm.’

Well there must be a demand.

Sejin Lee prepared a review in preparation for when the microphone returned and took notes in a way that showed the keywords she had refined.

And I roughly predicted the reaction of the next and final stage.

‘…the team.’

I had already been familiar with it since the mid-term evaluation. A team that includes many of the people with the best output in this survival program.

The team that Ryu Geon-woo belongs to with whom he exchanged numbers.

‘I guess they didn’t give me the last order for nothing.’

I looked it up and found that spoilers were circulating on the internet and everyone was looking forward to it.

Most of the audience sitting there right now will be busy on social media KakaoTalk or guessing about the members of this team by thinking about the contestants who ‘haven’t appeared yet.’

And the moment it appeared on the electronic display board.

[Shin Jae-hyun Kim Rae-bin Jung Woo-dan Cha Yu-jin]

[+Ryu Geon-woo (excluding)]

Argh! Yeaaaah!

There was a mix of indescribable screams and moans along with tremendous cheers.

This is a phenomenon in which fans who saw for the first time that Ryu Geon-woo was classified as ‘out of the league’ were embarrassed but had expectations for the team itself.

‘Everyone will end up going crazy.’

The formula for success was already visible. Lee Se-jin suppressed a bitter laugh because the program’s propaganda seemed to be visible. Their song selection was a song by a top male idol that came out the year before last.

Wild masculine and sexy.

It is a similar goal to the previous team.

‘I will win.’

If the texture is similar wouldn’t the one who is better at it win? It was a matter that had already been concluded the moment I saw the mid-term evaluation.

‘…Because you did well.’

You could already tell from just the first verse but he seriously focused his eyes on the stage.

The participants gathered in a large formation and stood in the shape of a bud. Colorless lights flickered on the stage.

-Cut off

And the moment when an elegant accompaniment is played with a low voice.

“…!”

The lighting changes to purple and the members move their bodies gently.

Large size connected to a wave that uses the upper body large.

Sejin Lee realized it right away.

‘I changed the arrangement a little bit.’

Some instrumental elements are missing. The electric sound was removed and the sound of the bass and string instruments was increased.

And action.

Instead of being powerful it is slow and leisurely. Velvet shirt and black pants

It follows the action.

-Cut it and leave.

this is your way

(So sick)

When Kim Rae-bin who swept her hair finished the intro Shin Jae-hyun who received it smoothly performed his part with gestures.

Without any group dance. Just with facial expressions and movements.

Yet the audience is watching it intently.

‘It’s difficult.’

A blank stage with no set choreography. Doing something like that and making the stage look full is difficult even on a professional stage.

Moreover it is not just filled with that.

-Don’t look back.

Because it’s only painful it’s meaningless

You lost your game stop it

Just leave

The interlude begins and the group dance unfolds. The difficult choreography presented interlocks like gears creating synergy.

stroke.

The surrounding arms and legs move as if in sync with the person standing at the center and become a pole or pedestal.

In this way the members interact like props and bring the center to life.

The goal is to flexibly move between tight choreography parts and loose parts to maximize the satisfaction of each.

-Story that has already ended

By the time the second verse was over Lee Se-jin had come to a conclusion.

‘Clever.’

It is a choice that can only be made if one is talented with ridiculous quality but he would have gladly accepted this choice if it were under the conditions of this team.

“…”

The stage lives.

He shook off his thoughts and focused again on the performance which was completely different from the mid-term evaluation.

Then another question comes up this time.

Is the arrangement really the only reason?

“…!”

And then I realized.

Yujin Cha.

Until the mid-term evaluation it was the main factor that made that stage look more wild like the original song. Rushing energy and explosive excitement.

However here it feels like the brilliant saturation and brightness were taken by oneself.

‘It doesn’t mean it’s not noticeable.’

For example the last refrain of the second verse.

-Love is a kind of disease

A late realization comes

So-

Cha Yu-jin’s gaze is half-open as she looks at the camera while holding her neck.

He killed Angwang and saved the mood.

Shady charm.

Her appearance is so believable that you can even believe she is actually an original trainee of this agency.

Being able to control that was surprising and at the same time a very strategic choice.

It would certainly have seemed different and attractive to viewers. It was clear that President LeTi who was the immediate decision maker was also re-evaluating.

Moreover the structure of this stage has strong support.

-So oh oh oh

It was Ryu Geon-woo.

He was adding difficult high-pitched parts live at the right timing.

‘Sometimes I feel the audience is surprised.’

However if it had ended there it might have been thought to be of no practical use as it would end up being used as a part on stage.

But he came away with just one cut.

‘excuse me.’

Also known as the saint part.

That part that is sung standing up and suddenly creates a static atmosphere and draws attention.

It’s not super high pitched. Moderately high vocal range.

In other words that section is extremely difficult for anyone to sing reliably.

-It’s done

It’s over

Cut it off

Ryu Geon-woo dreamily performed it in a breathy tone as if he was reciting it.

This is a person who has been adding crazy high-pitched ad-libs and chords so his breathing is unbelievable and clean.

It would have been easier to just scream out a high note.

You can take that long breath smoothly without swallowing a single breath in between? Without AR?

-Cut it and leave.

this is your way

(So sick)

Ryu Geon-woo made the most of that one killing point very well.

And the agent who raises the quality of the stage several levels with that vocal.

A presence that seems to be shouting that the group doesn’t need a main vocalist for no reason.

“…”

I felt a strange sense of déjà vu.

‘why’

However the stage just rushes towards the end after the bridge.

All members perform their roles perfectly. And appeal to the audience as much as possible.

And the ending.

-Cut off

Ahhhhh!!

The loud cheers and applause that made my ears go out. The shaking of shining light sticks.

Sejin Lee watched the stage with all her heart without taking her eyes off her until the end.

It was still a good win but there was no longer a sense of crisis.

What took its place was…

‘…ah.’

It was a feeling of loss that I could not even notice.

A strange feeling as if one’s position had been helplessly replaced…

‘What are you saying?’

Did I eat something wrong today? Sejin Lee chewed the inside of her mouth and controlled her expression.

And when it was time for the judges to comment he opened his mouth with a smile.

“It was really good really!”

That very day episode 3 of “Wise” aired. Without even giving spoilers about the number of people in the audience who lost to &lt;Supplementary Group&gt;.

And finally the viewer voting was held.
