---
title: "Chapter 381"
category: "book"
index: 380
section: "Chapter 381"
slug: "381"
---

# Chapter 381

Survival agency 〈Wise〉 is expanding its viewer pool from a frog in a well to a fish in a reservoir.

Using the aggro from episode 3 as a rising tide.

[Leti Survival (SPOILER) where a real loser is eliminated due to losing a seat]

[Wise current situation.jpg]

[Ryu Geon-woo is in danger of being eliminated]

Unlike at the beginning of the broadcast the comments also became more heated with fights and questions.

-Change the title to say you are not an eliminated candidate but are in danger of being eliminated.

-Hey the glasses guy’s luggage?

-Someone explain.

└In a one-on-one death match between a trainee with a top tier level of recognition and an ordinary person in the middle the latter won.

└Awesome

└What’s the big deal? Anyone can see that the former was good.

Viewers’ opinions are divided as to whether Ryu Geon-woo did well Jin Chae-yul did well the president turned around was he really eliminated or not?

It was worth it.

‘They edited it better than I expected on air.’

First of all unlike other deathmatch teams where there was a sense of tension the editing was done to make it almost like a kindergarten.

[Ryu Geon-woo\: Let’s do our best.]

[Jin Chae-yul\: Waaa!]

[Oh Yun-shin\: (enthusiastic applause)]

[Three Chicks]

The BGM was also very simple.

The same goes for Ryu Geon-woo’s role.

The part where he used his brains to elicit the opinions of the yes men was cut. It looks like they just took care of their teammates and worked hard on the stage with one mind and one intention.

[Harmony itself]

[Jin Chae-yul\: I love it!]

[Oh Yun-shin\: Me too.

[Ryu Geon-woo\: Then I will write it like that.]

[Continuation of unanimous agreement]

Although he was a bit clumsy and blunt he gave the impression that he was accepting of people.

[Q\: How was the leader?]

[Ryu Geon-woo\: Everyone is a beginner in this kind of work… Since I am the senior I have to pay more attention.]

My appeal interview went along the lines of ‘I had no choice as a leader’. It’s so pure that it’s almost half-baked

“hmm.”

It was exciting so I had a can of beer at this timing.

‘Even if he did the same thing he was a fourth-dimensional idiot in &lt;Azusa&gt;.’

Either way the power of editing is amazing.

Anyway this team passed the sweet practice period and finally finished the performance well.

But here the president’s review is quite cruel.

[President Kim Tae-in\: This is not something that can be called fun.]

[!!]

[Producer with a stern expression]

I’m saying don’t play house.

What’s interesting is that this team didn’t edit it as if it had been unfairly evaluated.

[CEO Kim Tae-in\: Isn’t now a good time to appeal and show what you’re best at?]

[President Kim Tae-in\: (Geon-woo) also gave up all the parts.]

[Ryu Geon-woo\:…]

[President Kim Tae-in’s stinging advice]

[Silent filming location]

Instead it feels like the president has delivered a proper rebuke to an amateur team that has lost its senses.

‘That’s clearly editing influenced by the president’s influence.’

So if a participant was just following the flow they might think ‘So was it too much of a flower garden…?’ It was puzzling.

There was a close-up of a nervous Ryu Geon-woo even sweating like cold sweat.

There the president shook his head slightly as if this was not true and then shouted firmly.

[President Kim Tae-in\: Announcement of the winner.]

And ‘Jin Chae-yul wins’ appears on the electronic display board.

‘It’s exquisite.’

Looking at this point do you think that the public opinion might be more in the direction of ‘Yes this is a survival show but they were a little less desperate’? Not so. One other element is included.

-You did well but what kind of bullshit are you talking about?

You performed well on stage.

‘I can’t deny it.’

-Letty’s cute performance was very refreshing. What was it?ㅠㅠ

-I was really looking at it and saying “These are my vitamins” but the boss interrupted me.

-I was shocked that he was good at something like this… but the chemistry with the kids was crazy…

After hearing that I had been unfairly evaluated a fight broke out between people with different tastes.

-It seems like the concept is better received by Chae-yul because you speak a little stronger?

-Yes the leader was Ryu Geon-woo in the first place haha Jin Chae-yul was on the bus.

└??We were on stage together but what did they say? And it also means that it was a somewhat complacent choice as a leader.

-Is this a true criticism of the team who pulled off the marine look and cool cutie concept so well?

-Honestly I did a lot worse than ㄹㄱㅇ in the supplementary class but I dropped it because I was offended that President Kim didn’t like X-germ. Are you kidding me haha.

-You both did a good job. Let’s criticize the boss who made the rules!

And because the audience was so crazy people who came to Bulgyeong stopped by and saw the stage.

And the newly introduced people also start to add words.

By immersing myself in the position of a cool-headed and objective evaluator.

-I did a good job but I guess it’s not the president’s preference. Isn’t it inevitable since it’s an agency’s survival?

-The member who showed a new side and the member who handled the concept well both did well but since it was a death match the member of the honors class seemed to be a bit loose.

-Ryu Geon-woo This is better than the first stage but I don’t know what the boss is talking about.

“That’s it.”

I put down my smartphone. There was nothing more to see.

I have no regrets about using it as firewood to create buzz. Thanks to this the board itself is getting bigger.

‘We’ll turn it around in the next team match anyway.’

Whether it’s a misunderstanding or not it’s actually good that my attitude is being mixed on this stage.

‘That way you will feel more relieved when the disagreement is resolved.’

Plus in the meantime the other guys on my crew list are cruising along.

“hmm.”

I leaned with my arms on the sofa. Let me summarize it further.

First of all Raebin Kim’s death match was broadcast as the first stage and drew an immediate response.

-Raebin Kim is really not Letty Yeonjae? Haha it’s totally Letty-san.

-Producer?? Haha? You’re definitely debuting. Are you trying to run away to a place where there are no cameras?

-I thought the fact that he won and lost to Ryu Geon-woo’s supplementary team was a pre-emptive fishing trip.

The guy I defeated in the death match was originally a no-nonsense guy and thanks to his appearance he settled in as a participant without any opposition or resistance.

The swear words I received during &lt;Azusa&gt; are as smooth as a lie. I’ve heard some people say I have a strange attitude.

-Why on earth is Raevin acting like that? Why are you hiding like a private?

-Below the stage you’re an intern but when you go up you’re the boss. I like this kind of thing.

Coaching has been rewarding.

In addition ‘Shin Jae-hyun VS Cha Yu-jin’ which has already been previewed for episode 4 is already highly anticipated based on the practice process and mid-term evaluation alone.

Is this what it feels like if you sort it chronologically?

-Oh that supplementary class is the complete opposite of Leti’s lol. Why did you come here?

-Why are you so good at it?

-Hey really Cha Yu-jin won?;

-No but Shin Jae-hyun is really good… Ah but the boss fucked up with Ryu Geon-woo… Ah that’s harsh.

It’s fun.

Normally in-house survival there is a flow. In many cases you start by deciding on someone to push you.

However in this episode of &lt;Wise&gt; viewers began to become immersed in the next story which was unpredictable due to the abundance of variables.

A refreshing situation where a surprise victory occurs for the supplementary team.

This is what makes the program itself fun.

-It’s so unexpected that the game is completely turned over;

-People who just look at it find it hilarious.

-I don’t know much about idols. Would it be fun to watch?

└ㅇㅇI guess it would be okay to just watch it like watching a drama?

The embers meet the firewood and burn.

Moreover the broadcast even added a wedge at the last minute.

They openly posted this after the trailer.

[Recruitment of applicants]

[We are accepting support for new challengers who want to debut in &lt;Supplementary Class&gt;.]

[To access the &lt;Wise&gt; homepage click the button at the bottom. We ask for your support.]

It was a sign posted in front of the viewers that they were going to increase the number of variables again. And on a larger scale.

‘The picture is good.’

Actually this is the wind that I suggested and Cheongryeo brought in.

-That’s a good idea. There is little risk and I will give you a push.

‘It’s not a bad thing for the company.’

Noise marketing is possible but if necessary it can all be cut off. Besides if a talented person applies wouldn’t they be able to secure him as the next candidate?

It doesn’t end here.

There’s a huge announcement that should have been made here right away.

[!Global voting begins!]

[Please send your support to the contestants you are rooting for. Your opinion may determine your survival.]

Viewer voting begins immediately.

However it doesn’t specify in detail what power voting has which makes people even more crazy.

To what extent will agency survival reflect the opinions of viewers?

‘It’s a bit offensive to these bastards to post both the notice of eliminations and the notice of new contestants.’

Anyway thanks to this mess the profits that could be gained from survival are being sucked away.

Prior awareness and fan base.

And even the characters of the participants.

Of course my character is also becoming very detailed.

-A completely calm and friendly large dog… This is the first time I’ve ever seen something like this complete with glasses and a campus romance.

…the nerd large dog.

‘Why on earth?’

It’s a bit funny that a dog appears as an animal even though the initial image is so different from that of ‘Park Moon-dae’…Anyway awareness is steadily skyrocketing.

Nowadays when I go out people start to recognize me and at the worst there are people sitting in front of the officetel.

This point is a bit problematic.

I got up from the sofa and glanced out onto the veranda.

“hmm.”

Here too you can see a few suspects running around in taxis.

‘I think Ryu Cheng-wu will avoid this.’

In the first place since I graduated from National University it seems like I got an officetel with good security but isn’t that still the case?

“We need to talk.”

[With those people?]

“No with Liu Chengwu.”

The time is just right. This guy also just got home from a club meeting and is here.

I asked him as soon as he came out after washing up.

“Cheongwoo.”

“huh?”

“Aren’t you uncomfortable with those people? “I already have a seat at the agency’s dormitory so I think I’ll miss out if I go out for a while.”

However the guy frowned slightly and immediately answered\:

“No that’s okay. More than that. “Are you sure you’re okay?”

“hmm.”

What are you talking about?

“…It’s not a good feeling to be misunderstood by strangers.”

Oh is that the story?

It looks like this guy also watched episode 3 alone. And I think I also looked at the comments while I was there.

‘I am indeed.’

I’m curious how you would react if you found out that you had appeared in such a program yourself.

I just laughed.

“The broadcast goes through the hands of many people but it is inevitable that it will be misunderstood in the process. “You might get criticized more than if you made a mistake.”

“…”

“But you also get greater recognition. “We can prove it more properly.”

I make eye contact with Liu Chengwu. I nodded.

“I like this job. Especially when I go on stage.”

“…I see.”

The guy let out an inexplicable sigh and soon recovered his smile.

“Then it’s something to celebrate. “My brother found something to be passionate about.”

As we are doing this it really feels like we are just saying good things to each other as a family.

I put off my strange feeling and sat down.

“thanks.”

“Why are you cheering up bro?”

I bumped fists with the guy. Liu Chengwu asks as if he just remembered something.

“Hyung do you have plans for tomorrow? Or would you like a drink?”

“hmm. “I think I should go out.”

“Are you working again?”

“yes.”

In a sense it’s similar.

[Uh oh finally??]

‘okay.’

I waved to Liu Chengyu who entered his room and finally called up the window.

There will be no need to delay any longer.

[Colleague\: Would you like to awaken Sejin Lee?]

-Use Exp 1000

Bae Se-jin’s awakening.

This time I pressed the button without hesitation.

Light explodes.

[Leap towards emergency…]

“after.”

It’s okay to fail. The reputation level is sufficient so push it until you reach it…

[First awakening successful!]

yes!

Still it’s refreshing that this doesn’t explode and works consistently well.

With my fists clenched I tried to check Bae Se-jin’s status on my colleague list.

…even if this didn’t pop up.

[Colleague\: Sejin Lee Event Occurs!!]

[Lee Se-jin realized… Σ(ㅇㅁㅇ)]

what?

Soon the pop-up shakes and an effect like golden fireworks shakes the pop-up.

[Colleague name change event completed!]

[Lee Se-jin → Bae Se-jin]

“…”

Instead of thinking about anything else I should just pick up my contact information and contact them.

* * *

“Actor here…”

“thank you.”

Sejin Lee willingly accepted the bottle of water offered by the staff.

The manager also disappeared somewhere and has not been seen for several hours.

Thanks to this his return home was delayed but he calmly accepted the situation.

‘I don’t even have any expectations.’

As long as you can work that’s enough. And there was enough work.

He spent some time reviewing the content he filmed tomorrow…

What is this?

“Wook!”

“…Mr. Sejin?”

Sejin Lee lowered her head.

My head pounded and my vision returned with a tingling sensation…

And it is revealed.

‘what.’

It’s not that something unfamiliar has been forced into my head.

It’s just that a lot of information was clearly revealed in my brain as if a veil had been lifted or glasses had been put on.

Monologues conversations and thoughts.

events.

-Why on earth did ‘Azusa’ come out?

-I want to continue but… no.

-My older brother is changing his name to my mother’s last name.

-This is Bae Se-jin from Testa. Please take good care of today’s photoshoot!

It’s overwhelming for a while.

But as time passes that clarity becomes truly and firmly established in your mind.

“…”

Lee Se-jin no Bae Se-jin the person who has now recovered his identity staggered to his feet.

“Are you okay?”

“yes.”

There is no pain.

He sat back down without making any excuses to the staff.

No to be precise I don’t have time to explain. I had no idea what the hell this was.

‘Why am I here? In fact it’s even weirder that I’m not here… But.’

In the end it was after the manager returned that the ego that did not fit reality was able to organize itself and establish its own identity.

And at this point Park Moon-dae was receiving absurd news.

In the Communication tab of the status window.

[Bae Se-jin has no contact information yet…]

“under.”

He looked at his colleague Bae Se-jin’s blank contact information and made a clear decision.

‘does not exist? Then you can make it.’

I decided to go find it in person.
