---
title: "Chapter 382"
category: "book"
index: 381
section: "Chapter 382"
slug: "382"
---

# Chapter 382

To find out Bae Se-jin’s current situation… Surprisingly just one Internet search is enough.

‘Lee Se-jin.’

Your profile will already appear at the top.

-Lee Se-jin (movie actor)

Latest Filmography\: Seahorse (20XX.12. 15.)

This guy is a movie star with a high reputation right now.

If you check the entire filmography you will be connected to a prominent line-up with no sales below 2 million.

At this rate anyone who watches movies would have heard this guy’s name at least once.

[Oh but you didn’t film a drama?]

Probably on purpose. It seems like he has managed his work thoroughly since becoming a child actor.

Of course the name value is high. Considering the current situation where actors are valued over idols he is almost like a tester.

It seems like a situation with nothing to regret but… the next item in the filmography is the problem.

-Agency\: Dream K Company

This guy is still under his old agency. These are the people who lower the price of a child actor by starting rumors during the contract renewal season.

‘It looks like X.’

Here instead of complaining to the agency and taking a break it seems that he received work immediately after briefly reorganizing after his child role.

A career that has been solidly built in lieu of a long hiatus.

And although the actor is a mystic his agency is working hard to sell the name ‘Lee Se-jin’ in the media and social media.

I smoothed my chin.

‘It’s easy.’

[yes?]

So this means that schedule security is lax.

There are few people like idols who sit in front of their dorms or agencies so the information hurdle is low.

‘It’s rice.’

I browsed Dream K’s official SNS.

Then we found the employee’s personal Inheart account using the keywords extracted from there compared and searched them in date order and came to a conclusion.

‘Bae Se-jin is currently filming some kind of next project.’

And although it has been anonymized looking at the frequency with which the person presumed to be Bae Se-jin is indirectly mentioned on employee SNS…

[Oh I guess you’re at the company often.]

right. Especially when Bae Se-jin is active mentions pop up. It’s almost as if I’m leaving work after completing my schedule.

So even now when I’m not filming there’s a very high probability that I’m at work.

“hmm.”

So the very next morning after waking up Bae Se-jin I took a quick shower took a hat and mask and left the officetel.

Of course I didn’t just believe in probability.

[Bae Se-jin\: Looking at the boss who is pointing (｀ㅅ ´+)]

I checked the status once and for all.

Then the route will roughly look like this.

‘After finishing filming early in the morning you got in your car and went into the building to meet the boss?’

Where is the boss? It must be in the company building.

Looking at this the probability that he is in the company is quite high.

[Then… shall we go?]

“okay.”

Let’s check it out for ourselves.

His company was located in a corner of Gangnam.

It is not a fancy headquarters building like large idol agencies. It is a 4-story old building with no signboard.

So security is not that tight on the first floor.

I think they’ll just leave a sign on the back door where the people who manage the building come in and out that say ‘No entry except for authorized personnel.’

‘Is that it?’

As I was waiting at the right location a truck stopped and people in uniform came in and out of the back door.

I looked at the timing and naturally moved in that direction. A movement that could be misunderstood as a service job carrying luggage.

Then the big moon pop-up appears shaking slightly.

[That brother. If this is caught as trespassing… won’t there be a problem?]

‘It’s okay as long as it goes into Bae Se-jin’s ears but it doesn’t matter because it goes in unconditionally.’

This is done out of fear that the entrance will be cut or that LeTi’s rookie visit to this agency will be treated as an official visit.

Isn’t this the agency’s building not another company’s building? It’s better to get caught.

‘Because I’m also half a public figure.’

Here you can see the benefits of becoming famous through idol survival broadcasts.

No entry except for those involved? Just saying you are an official is enough.

Since he is a known person with a similar job if he says that he is an acquaintance of ‘Lee Se-jin’ and made an appointment to meet him quietly I will most likely believe him.

‘No whether you believe it or not you just need to be able to get into Bae Se-jin’s ears.’

The fact that he awakened and changed his name to Bae Se-jin clearly means that he found his memories from the time of Testa.

Then even if you are embarrassed by this strange situation you will try to meet a stranger who appears out of nowhere.

‘But the worst thing is… the agency cuts me off without even hearing a word.’

The problem is that assuming that there is no contact information for Bae Se-jin that possibility is not out of the question.

Tuk.

I walked through the emergency door on the outside of the first floor went into the bathroom and hid myself in the cubicle.

I was planning to check whether Bae Se-jin had left the company in the meantime and then draw his movements…

bang!

Meanwhile the bathroom door opens violently and I hear the sound of someone trotting in.

‘There’s no way the security team has already arrived.’

Sure enough I can just hear the sound of the sink being used. I shrugged and checked the road status window…

[Bae Se-jin\: Washing face with cold water (#ㅅ#)=3]

“…”

no way.

I first opened the door carefully.

Squeak.

Then I see a man standing at the sink.

The guy in a suit is lowering his head and pouring cold water on his face.

And the moment you raise your head your face is reflected in the mirror.

“…!”

This is Bae Se-jin.

The style of the guy who wore a suit without dyeing his hair or wearing contact lenses was clearly meant for an actor.

‘It’s like this again.’

There is a memory that comes to mind right away.

For some reason I always see Ryu Geon-woo in front of the sink with this guy.

-Are you Sejin Lee? sorry. I was surprised because I am a fan.

It was a strange thing. But there is no time to waste in appreciation.

After confirming that there was no one else in the bathroom I spoke to Bae Se-jin.

“hello.”

“yes.”

From the moment I came out of the booth the guy with mysterious eyes immediately took control of his expression. Indeed he is an actor.

“I’m a fan.”

“Well thank you. “Are you a new employee?”

When I saw that the guy was getting nervous I struck the final blow.

“That’s not it. “I am a fan of Testa Bae Se-jin.”

“…!”

The reaction came out right away.

“Who are you?”

Bae Se-jin immediately became sharper.

It looks like he’s going to grab me by the collar at any moment or quickly block the bathroom.

Is direct ball the answer after all?

I opened my mouth right away.

“That’s Park Mun-dae. brother.”

“…!?”

Tuk.

Something falls behind Bae Se-jin.

When I looked down it looked like a ballpoint pen.

I think it was probably a tape recorder.

“Bar Parkmun…”

“yes. “It happened like this.”

I guess I should get to the point before this guy freaks out any further.

* * *

Unfortunately it was impossible to take this guy to any suitable restaurant or cafe.

Both of them are selling their faces too much and this guy’s current situation.

“It’s hard to leave this building.”

“What on earth is going on?”

“…There is something like that. Anyway where did you leave your body and are you there…!”

I don’t know if he really believes it or if he’s just pretending to believe it but I think it’s significant that Bae Se-jin is also ready to question me.

“actually.”

“actually?”

“I was originally born with this body. “Park Moon-dae has a new body.”

It was bullshit but because of the situation Bae Se-jin’s shaken face turned pale.

“Are you really a ghost…?”

“no.”

wait for a sec.

There is no particular difference in the proposition that it is attached to someone else’s body after death.

[Because it’s different! It’s completely different!]

“No. When I think about it it seems similar…”

“Turn it off.”

If you do well you’ll be able to move on. I corrected my words.

“Anyway I was living in Park Mun-dae right before I participated in ‘Azusa’. “It wasn’t a choice I made willingly.”

“…Are you saying it was the same situation as now? “The world has just changed like this…”

“It might be similar. Anyway the Park Moon-dae you know was me from the beginning… Even if you don’t believe it there’s nothing we can do.”

However the ship whose face changed color

Sejin had a surprising reaction to these words.

He opened his mouth sighed four or five times and then answered like this.

“…know. “You’ve never changed.”

“…thank you.” “

Even the acting didn’t feel too bad.

“But I won’t let this go! “This situation doesn’t make any sense right now and even you… explain it in detail!”

Even if I wanted to explain it in more detail.

“…In the company restroom?”

“…”

The guy sighed and motioned to me.

“Follow me.”

And the place where Bae Se-jin took me was the company warehouse near the emergency exit on the third floor.

‘Denga is like a place I often come to when I want to be alone.’

The movements seemed familiar.

Sweet.

The guy who closed the door hardens his expression and speaks seriously.

“…No one will come for a while. “Now tell me.”

“yes.”

I nodded and began to explain the situation so far as succinctly as possible.

“therefore…

‘I can’t get used to it no matter how much I try.’

Still the story is quite smooth as it was done once with Cha Yu-jin.

Bae Se-jin’s face turned black then white and then yellow.

But in the end it turned red.

I understand the first part but why the last part?

“So… are you that person?”

“yes?”

“Well… Mr. Ryu Geon-woo. “I cheered you on!”

Ah that.

‘This guy didn’t have a strange expression for no reason.’

Although he was a bit mixed up with Park Moon-dae he seemed to recognize Ryu Geon-woo back then from this face. I stroked the back of my neck and opened my mouth.

“…Yes but I didn’t intentionally try to deceive you. “It really meant support.”

Bae Se-jin hurriedly holds out his hand.

“ “No thank you…… wait. But you were Park Mun-dae at the time and the time isn’t right…??”

“It’s also complicated.”

I never thought I’d say this. I briefly explained the story of the real Park Moon Dae Geundal.

The big moon was surprisingly excited and meddled from time to time.

[So please tell me that I passed the civil service exam thanks to you!]

And surprisingly Bae Se-jin was not overwhelmed by this unrealistic situation. However like Cha Yu-jin he did not fully understand the situation.

On the contrary his face became increasingly serious and he began to offer various analyses.

Your humanities knowledge stands out.

“You know what it’s called a time paradox? “I think your situation is similar to that…”

“Then isn’t this situation like some kind of mock test? “It’s similar to reality but with a less difficult feel.”

“Maybe something like virtual reality. There’s a movie. Like the Matrix…”

I answered all these words as sincerely as I could.

But the bottom line is this.

“I don’t know. “I’m just guessing.”

Unknown.

“Anyway I’m betting that we can return to the structure so far… and we’re in the process.”

“…From an idol to a grand prize.”

“yes.”

“…okay. “That makes sense.”

Bae Se-jin took a short deep breath. I guess I’ve been hearing too many crazy things so I’m running low on capacity.

And perhaps because of that Bae Se-jin also says something similar.

“Then we’ll go back to reality anyway so this is like a dream.”

“yes.”

“good.”

“…?”

what.

“Wait. “I’m going to come with a huge crushing blow.”

“yes?”

“This agency!”

Bae Se-jin spoke with burning eyes.

“It’s not real anyway but it’s good. “This is a mess and a mess and we need to see a proper legal solution.”

“uh…”

Of course I have no intention of stopping him.

“But if acting here is fun wouldn’t it be okay to have some fun?”

When you were a testa your personal activities were put on hold and you had little chance of building a career in acting.

Before I go back I think it would be quite beneficial to experience the environment here for practice and check my future personal activity plans.

However Bae Se-jin is unstoppable.

“Acting is good! But not this.”

“why.”

The guy clenched his fists.

“These bastards always force the same character…!”

“…”

“Here I am playing similar psychopath roles for four years now. Even when I look at it there are no bone bones!”

“hmm.”

Yeah I might be pissed.

‘Lee Se-jin’ is a famous actor in name and reality so it makes no sense for him to not be able to choose a scenario as he pleases.

‘Isn’t it normal to be able to throw out scenarios and abuse people?’

Isn’t this pure unfair treatment?

So it suddenly comes to mind.

“Brother I can’t believe you don’t have any contact information…”

“…! How did you know… That’s right. “They talk about mental management and don’t even let these kids use their personal smartphones.”

Bae Se-jin muttered with a cold face.

“Why are you treating me as someone with limited abilities?”

Civil law terms come up and it seems like you’ve been thinking about the past and defining them since you became a testa.

“…I think it must have been difficult.”

“Actually it didn’t matter much as long as I could act. “Looking at public opinion the schedule is not as brutal as when I was young and the payment is enough for my mother to live well…”

The guy’s face became blurred and then his eyes lit up.

And then you clench your fist.

“But since I am who I am there is no need to endure this any longer no matter how unreal it may be.”

“Of course.”

The guy coolly declares.

“I’ll leave everything behind! “Are you preparing to become an idol now?”

“Yes that is true.”

I talked about LeTi’s survival in moderation. Bae Se-jin nodded and shouted as if he had made up his mind.

“I’ll go out there too!”

hmm.

“Wouldn’t it be difficult?”

“why!”

“You’re 25 years old.”

“…”

That’s right.

Bae Se-jin 25 years old and the oldest among those checked so far lowered his head as his face turned red.

‘Is it inevitable that you have to be a certain age to succeed as an actor rather than a child actor?’

By the time the brief speculation passed.

“…Are you that old to be that idol? “When we did ‘Azusa’ there were contestants of similar age.”

“yes. “It’s not that kind of problem.”

I explained slowly.

“Since my older brother has already accumulated a lot of experience as an actor at his age it means that the public will have unnecessary opposition to my older brother who appeared on an idol program.”

This means that it is a problem because he is a 25-year-old actor who has achieved a lot.

At its peak. Unless Bae Se-jin is overwhelmingly better at idolizing than acting it will only be a pain.

If you’re going to return to reality there’s no need to endure that kind of pain.

Bae Se-jin who was groaning eventually sighed and admitted.

“…You’re right.”

“hmm…”

However it appears that they have given up on supporting fire.

The guy clenches his fists.

“Then I’ll push you properly.”

“yes?”

An ambitious smile appears on the guy’s face and then disappears.

“Anyway if your hypothesis is right there’s no need to worry about the long-term future or my influence here.”

“That’s right.”

The guy laughs lowly.

“I… in reality there are more than one or two types of corruption at this agency that I have found out about so far.”

no way.

“I’m going to hire a lawyer and push them. Let’s see if you can act shamelessly even when your weaknesses are discovered. “Instead of not going out I will fix it properly!”

The guy’s eyes sparkle with a passion for cider. That’s right… It’s not an idol or an actor who is openly fighting over public opinion but it’s about correcting the boss’s habits.

“I will support that.”

“okay!”

The guy looked proud but now he even made a suggestion with an excited face.

“Once that’s over… I’ll have a say in my activities. “Then shall we open a social media site and ask you to vote?”

“no.”

Those are scary words.

After discussing the issue of fairness for a while he postponed the matter until after his debut.

‘There is no such thing as a runaway locomotive.’

Bae Se-jin who does not worry about the future has become like a cider protagonist.

“Then you…”

And the moment when the story about the current situation continues.

Grumble-.

My smartphone rang.

“Oh I have to buy it too.”

“I’ll give you my number first.”

And that was when I opened my smartphone.

There was a text message.

-hello. This is Sejin Lee Jairop! Are you Ryu Geon-woo from Wise? (smiling emoticon)

“…”

okay.

This is the guy I was supposed to contact after filming was over.

Bae Se-jin who was watching from the side is pleased.

“…! Did you find Lee Se-jin too? “Then he remembers it too right?”

I opened my mouth slowly.

“no.”

“We met by chance but there is still no way to return my memories.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin lost his momentum. And then he stood next to me as if to quietly comfort me.

“I was closest to you. “With Lee Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun…”

And then he carefully asks if he realized something while he was talking.

“Have you seen the news about Sun Ah-hyun?”

I nodded slowly. Bae Se-jin seemed to be fidgeting and then he patted my back with a big motion like a big man.

Tuk-tuk!

“No… just get on the caravan and go back! You’re so good at making plans like this… We will do well!”

“…yes.”

I sat quietly with Bae Se-jin in the warehouse for a while longer. It’s funny but it makes me feel a little more at ease.

And after some time.

“I think he’ll come looking for me soon… I’ll contact you right away when I get your number. “I’m going to make it today.”

“Are you okay?”

Bae Se-jin snorted.

“Once they make it what can they do?”

And that afternoon.

A new group message room has been opened.

[Tester / 3 people]

The first person to post was not me but Cha Yu-jin.

-Cha Yu-jin\: Do you have Bae Se-jin? WOOOOW

-Bae Se-jin\: (Greeting hamster emoticon)

-Bae Se-jin\: You seem to be doing well. I heard that Ravin is doing well.

-Cha Yujin\: YEEESSS (sunglasses emoticon)

Somehow I felt like I was back in time.

-Cha Yu-jin\: Let’s add members quickly!

He even posted a notice.

[Take your 7 STAR! Cheer up!]

I looked at that phrase which felt like I hadn’t seen it in a long time and typed the key slowly.

-Then (dog emoticon raising both arms)

Even though there were less than half of the people it wasn’t a bad feeling to have a shape.

Not long after episode 4 of “Wise” was successfully aired and new filming was just around the corner.

“Hyung filming starts today right?”

“okay.”

“Goodbye take care… I’ll see you soon.”

I left the officetel again and headed to the filming location.

And you will encounter the most competitive rules in this entire survival program.
