---
title: "Chapter 383"
category: "book"
index: 382
section: "Chapter 383"
slug: "383"
---

# Chapter 383

The filming day for LeTi’s return of the in-house survival program 〈Wise〉.

The atmosphere has changed a bit.

‘Slowly the outline of the list of debutants is coming out.’

Just by looking at the greeting given by the CEO before filming you can get a rough idea of the angle.

“You’re doing great. “Let’s make it a little more challenging.”

“yes!”

The criterion is not how positive it is.

“Jaehyun be especially careful not to overdo your vocal practice.”

“I will take note.”

How specific is it?

How much do you care?

It’s a level that people who started their social life early while working as trainees can naturally smell it.

“Hey… Your piercing looks really cool today.”

“…? Thank you for your generous words!”

Thanks to this the contestants began to secretly talk to Kim Rae-bin who was virtually declared the president’s pick saying ‘I think she will adapt really well to this agency in all aspects.’

‘It’s kind of interesting that the composition is so different from ‘Azusa’.’

And me.

“Have you prepared your mind? “I’ll see you at the podium.”

“yes.”

This is another high praise.

The cameras were turned off for those who were eliminated but they couldn’t say such cruel things. Thank you for letting me know in advance that you passed.

“Recording starts~”

This filming began with the announcement of the division into honors and inferiors from the previous evaluation into a winning group and a losing group.

“Phew…”

“thank you!”

A intersection of joy and sorrow.

However the most bloody content is scheduled for the next step.

Announcement of eliminated candidates.

They called me and another guy who was an ‘outlier’ to the podium.

“Only those who are already inferior and have done much better than the 14 people standing over there can survive. And that person…”

The president skillfully takes his time and then speaks with a stern expression.

“Ryu Geon-woo.”

“It’s over.”

The contestant who lost to Kim Rae-bin left the show.

The atmosphere has cooled but the president doesn’t seem to have any intention of warming things up with words of gratitude.

He said this to me too.

“The moment you find yourself in a position of exclusion again you will not be able to avoid elimination. “Do it with all your might.”

Also if you go outside it just means that you are left behind.

“I’ll keep that in mind.”

Welcome.

Then I won’t try to set a disadvantageous situation and cause me to be left out. No matter how I look at it the boss doesn’t seem to want to make me drop out.

‘This is proof that the production team will not resort to modifications in the next performance mission.’

Thank you so much.

I bowed my head. And I checked the current number of people.

Except for one guy who had a bad attitude on the stage just before and the CEO had him drop out…

’15 people.’

Since the number of people in this performance has actually increased compared to the first time I think there will be another person eliminated from this performance. We need to select a few more people so there will be more tension.

That was the moment I thought about it.

“But every event and performance has a maximum capacity… No more than 14 people.”

What?

“Therefore when an inferior member is revived the one with the lowest achievement so far among the existing members will be eliminated.”

now?

And the president called several members of the inferior class and listed their pros and cons and said this.

“&lt;Inferior Class&gt; participant Park Jong-hoon has been eliminated.”

“…”

Sudden announcement of additional eliminated candidates.

The person called stumbles at the shocking result and the participants standing around cover their mouths.

It really gives me a sense of tension.

“Please leave now. “Participant Ryu Geon-woo can return to his/her seat.”

“…yes.”

It seems that this is why they sent the outsider away at once instead of creating a warm atmosphere.

To keep the atmosphere so dangerous.

‘I had some fun with it being a hot topic.’

As he gained popularity for being cruel he must have developed a desire to become even more extremely cruel. It wasn’t a very good thing.

‘In the end even if it’s not ‘Azusa’ will survival continue to follow this trend?’

Towards the schema where something so cruel that it breaks the kids’ mentality is exciting and intense.

‘It tastes a little bitter… but it’s nothing bad to me.’

I waited for the guy to make room then carefully entered the empty seat in the inferior class and stood.

The guys standing next to me were frozen with faces that were neither welcoming nor sad. Let’s keep our mouths shut with similar faces.

‘Blocking the pod.’

And when I turn my head all the guys I was on the team with before are all in the debut group. Because Chaeyul’s Sinnoh team also won.

I nodded inwardly.

‘The composition is good too.’

In the interview it was roughly ‘Weren’t you worried about being the only one in the inferior class?’ I think questions like this will come up. The extra amount of aggro is sweet.

“Thank you for your hard work.”

After the bloody ranking and announcement of eliminated candidates the lights go out on the stage. Microphone recording was also cut off.

“I’m glad bro.”

However the camera was still running and the quick-witted cub immediately started managing the image.

Cheongnyeo.

“brother!”

“Thank you for your hard work!”

I looked at the other guys running along with me as if I was half-heartedly welcoming them and asked Cheongryeo in a low voice.

‘The progress is quite cruel. ‘I heard it wasn’t done this way before.’

‘I see. The way I express myself has become a little more vulgar than before. The water level is high too.’

And he smiled and put his arm around me as if encouraging me.

‘People will like it. Right?’

‘…’

Anyway he has an excellent knack for talking about similar ideas like trash.

Anyway the production team probably thought they had put too much pressure on the participants so they lightened the mood a bit in the next content.

An event follows to adjust the pace by changing the program to a softer and more exciting tone.

It was the time last time when I was excluded because I was ‘out of the league’ and only did housework.

‘Last time it was a public service announcement… this time?’

It was a pictorial for the album concept photo.

There are seven concepts.

“Now let’s discuss and choose the concept you want!”

There are conflicting opinions and arguments for concessions. Since many of us already knew each other passing things on under the guise of recommendations is happening here and there.

me?

“I’m fine with anything. I haven’t taken pictures of everything so I don’t have any likes or dislikes. “It all looks interesting and good.”

“Oh! “If you say that…”

How many photo concepts has Testa Park Moon-dae taken so far? Would you be picky here?

It doesn’t matter what I get. All you have to do is coolly give in and take good pictures.

however…

“yes! “Press to reveal the inside of your mouth a little more.”

“…”

Me too… I didn’t know that the concept with the keyword ‘Tooth’ was a vampire.

Who is this bastard who put such an irrational concept in a survival game that hasn’t even debuted yet? I understand why VTIC was disbanded in the first edition.

Still I didn’t think I couldn’t film it because I had time and the reviews were very good.

The interview was also handled well.

“I just took pictures. It feels different now that it has become a full-fledged subject. Still I remembered the experience I had when I was filming… and tried my best to film.”

‘I am a college student in the photography club’ Metada.

Well isn’t this a fresh and good story?

It may look a bit heinous but that doesn’t mean I can say something crazy like ‘Haha I’m tired of filming this kind of thing’ so I chose the next best option.

“Do you think the photos will all turn out great? Thank you all for your hard work. “I had fun filming today!”

“Wow!”

Anyway as the event ended with a glimmer of warmth restored… that very night the performance mission hit hard.

‘It’s merciless.’

“〈Wise〉. This is already our 4th performance. “This theme which requires you to show more progress is…”

Now the president made the announcement with the participants feeling nervous as if they were going to act every time they were called to the stage.

“It’s a ‘fight for position.’”

“…!”

“scramble…?”

As expected the big picture remains the same. The main process I heard from Cheongryeo has not yet gone astray.

So for example this is what the battle for that position means.

-The next content is a group performance of a new song and there is a preliminary competition to decide which part to play.

And the position to be contested is revealed on the electronic display board.

[Vocal A Vocal B]

[Dance A Dance B Dance C]

[Lap A Lap B]

The part is divided into a total of seven sections.

And the boss calls the honors class.

“After looking at the pictorials you took a private evaluation panel conducted a vote. “The honors class has the authority to select parts in the order in which they receive the most votes.”

“iced coffee…”

The first name is called between the thoughtful guy and the guy whose expression brightens.

It’s an obvious appointment.

“Shin Jaehyun.”

The guy bows his head once in humility stands up and immediately moves on.

[Dance A]

Next is Cha Yu-jin.

The members who were called one by one take the remaining seats one by one after much deliberation.

And looking at all the positions filled the president nods and says this.

“Now each of you in the honors class has full authority to set the stage for this position competition.”

“…!”

“Which song to choose and what kind of performance to perform are all personal choices.”

In short it means ‘Do whatever you want on stage.’

And at this time the seven students from the inferior class are put on the stage created by the honors class as challengers.

“Try to steal the stage sometime.”

So now the total number of people is still 14 so don’t you think we should stick to each other one on one?

no.

“You can apply no matter how many applicants there are for the part you want. but…”

No matter how many people fight and what happens… there is only one winner.

-Only one person who wins can perform the new song.

Nervous contestants look at each other as they watch their parts.

‘They haven’t even told me the specific parts of the new song anyway.’

In the end the most important thing is who you stick with.

Of course here too the order is the same as the pictorial vote.

“The first contestant to choose a position in the inferior class is… Ryu Geon-woo.”

And number 1 is me.

‘oh.’

Head what are you admiring? It’s even weirder if you can’t beat young guys who haven’t even debuted 5 years ago.

‘If I couldn’t do it I would have had my head pierced.’

Instead I nodded once and looked at the president.

“Please come out and choose your part.”

okay. i get it.

I quickly shook my head.

‘Usually the standard for alphabetical order is… ’

Is it about the order of appearance and level of difficulty?

‘But Cheongnyeo chose dance A… D.’

In that case the probability that the vocalist will have more impactful parts on the A side is slightly higher.

‘Still.’

I moved my feet without hesitation.

And stood.

“…!!”

[Vocal B]

There is no other reason.

Aren’t there specific factors to consider right now?

‘competitor.’

That’s because the guy in the honors class who was the best singer here besides me chose this.

“Contestant Ryu Geon-woo from the inferior class will compete with Choi Tae-jun from the honors class for ‘Vocal B’.”

Taejun Choi. His stage name when he debuted was Bihan.

How do you know?

‘Because I’m the one who sold data.’

That’s because he is the former main vocalist of VTIC who was lost in the club incident.

After renewing his contract he was let go due to an incident but since he was the main vocalist of a first-tier idol for 7 years until then he is not an ordinary guy.

But if I were to point out this guy…

‘It will definitely look challenging.’

And if he even wins the narrative of this survival contestant Ryu Geon-woo will gain momentum once more.

‘It’s about halfway through the program. I need to get the flow back.’

I politely bowed my head to the former main vocalist of VTIC.

“i look forward to.”

“…Um yeah.”

The guy nodding his head hesitantly… Well I guess I’ll just call him Club Mebo or Jeon Mebo. Anyway the guy tries to smile.

I stood next to him.

And I watched the situation unfold slowly. Inferior classes choose their parts one by one.

“I’ll do vocal A…!”

It may be obvious but even though you can enter any part without quota most people point to the remaining team that has only one member from the “honors class.”

‘Because everyone calculates probability.’

However despite this there are teams that cannot point out even though there is only one person who feels that it is suicidal.

“There are currently no challengers for &lt;Dance A&gt;.”

This is ‘Dance A’ with Shin Jae-hyun.

‘I know my skills very well.’

Since they are trainees at the same agency they know each other well so they have enough information so they are good at looking at each other and taking care of themselves.

‘Hmm.’

I saw Shin Jae-hyun standing in front of the position display board without any competition.

And this point is the difference from the flow that Cheongryeo announced in advance.

That’s the original format. One from the ‘honor class’ and one from the ‘low grade class’. One-on-one match.

Originally this was a one-on-one setup with no byes or anything like that.

And in my opinion even if you can give up on one-on-one matches there is no way they will give you a bye in the survival stage.

Then there must be other factors.

-There are some variables this time right?

What could it be?

“Of course not like this. “There is another competitor.”

“iced coffee…”

“no way.”

“That’s right… the viewer supplementary group.”

“…!!”

okay. It was recruiting new participants with an advertisement at the end of the program.

The president speaks as if making a sentence while looking at the participants who are reacting softly without realizing it.

“Please come out.”

phut!

With small fireworks meaningful BGM plays and another electronic display board opens.

‘You can use it quickly.’

In fact if it is delayed any further the fan base of the participants will become fixed and the feeling that supplementary classes are too much of an obstacle will become too strong.

I nodded inwardly and clasped my hands behind my back as if I was listening to the president.

“Don’t think about the last remedial class. “These participants are selected from a larger pool of people across the country after fully experiencing the rigors of this program.”

They give a nice compliment to the people they hired at a loss in just a week.

Even if you say it like that the probability of a really great guy coming is infinitely low.

‘I guess I’ll just check the stats and pass it on.’

I looked at the figures emerging from beyond the dry ice without any emotion.

There are 7 other people and there is no one that really stands out… Wait.

“…!”

When the smoke clears and the human image is revealed there is a familiar face in the very center that I have seen for years.

Recently we are even sleeping together…

[Ryu Ryu Cheong-woo!]

why are you there

I tried not to open my mouth… For a moment the camera caught me in close-up. You all know that these bastards are related to me.

‘No fuck.’

What on earth is going on?

Liu Chengwu is smiling slightly as if he is a little embarrassed. It seems awkward because it is my first time on a stage like this.

“The supplementary class holds a sign for the part they chose.”

I lowered my head reflexively.

The sign he picked out in advance…

[Vocal B]

“…”

This is my position stage.

[I ruined it…]

Be quiet.
