---
title: "Chapter 384"
category: "book"
index: 383
section: "Chapter 384"
slug: "384"
---

# Chapter 384

30 minutes after Liu Chengwu suddenly appeared on the &lt;Viewer Supplementary Group&gt; from beyond the dry ice.

“Then I look forward to seeing you improve further in this performance.”

“yes!”

The addition of supplementary teams and team organization has been completed. And naturally a short movement and rest period before moving on to the practice part.

Of course the camera is following us tenaciously as if it will never miss the conversation between me and Ryu Cheong-woo.

Earlier when Ryu Cheong-woo was on &lt;Vocal B&gt; he did a lot of dialogue cuts so he was very greedy.

-… are you surprised?

-huh.

-many?

-huh.

Even if you don’t watch it it’s obvious how stupid he will look on the live broadcast.

And what might go in between them.

‘I’m going to give you a lot of interviews… ’

As expected the interview with the production team was scheduled first and the answers took longer than ever.

“Did you know in advance that Cheongwoo was participating? Even a signal? Oh you didn’t know at all?”

“I heard you two are living alone~”

“Mr. Cheongwoo is there anything you are looking forward to while participating?”

“On the other hand there may be some who say that we need to be careful about this aspect as a check. “You’ve become a competitor.”

I’m excited.

I expressed my confusion in a non-serious way and then gave a moderately gentle answer.

“We both have to do well so I think we should prepare harder for this stage.”

There is no need to attract more aggro or exaggerate it.

[Is that so?]

uh.

‘Because it’s going to go crazy the moment it airs anyway… ’

A relative of a gold medalist who goes to the same school suddenly appears? Fuck me I’ll watch it too.

I suppressed my silence and returned from the interview site to the practice room. And then he pointed to the next batter.

Liu Chengwu.

“The writer is calling you.”

“brother.”

I waved my hand at him and pretended to put down the note and showed him the sentence from the camera’s corner.

I should tell you this much.

– Just turn around and answer softly.

“…!”

Liu Chengwu nods slightly and leaves the practice room.

‘I don’t think I’ve noticed anything when I see that.’

What on earth is going on? Why does a guy who was doing well in college suddenly appear on a survival program?

‘…I didn’t even intentionally invite you.’

They seemed to get along very well and I thought he didn’t have the impression that this agency would like so I was going to leave him alone.

But why did you come out in person? Without saying a word.

“…”

[Hmm asking directly…]

No you can’t throw that kind of fastball when the camera is rolling. Once you add the BGM it is immediately used to edit the conflict section.

‘Later as gently as possible before bed.’

That’s what I concluded. And began to revise the strategy.

What should be done in an individual team that includes the variable of Ryu Cheong-woo.

* * *

Because the interview was long practice started a night late.

And Ryu Cheong-woo who returned from the interview seemed to have properly sensed the atmosphere of the broadcast and voluntarily paid his taxes in a shallow and gentle manner.

“I was going to tell you in advance but I suddenly got a call that morning that I was accepted… I didn’t tell you because I was afraid it might interfere with your condition.”

I’m taking this lightly.

I slapped him on the back and laughed.

“Okay okay.”

“…!”

“You’re not the type to recklessly try anything just because it looks fun. Of course I believe he will do it seriously.”

“…huh. of course. “I will.”

Liu Chengyu nodded with a faint smile.

If this is the case it will leave a warm feeling when combined with the interview.

Of course I added this comment anticipating reactions like ‘It’s competition but it’s not good to relax just because we’re related by blood.’

“Don’t look at me.”

“Haha okay.”

good. At this level I don’t have to worry about the camera.

And when the situation was settled another team member who was looking at us in a bit of confusion opened his mouth.

In fact he is the owner of this team’s performance. The former main vocalist of VTIC.

“Hmm… Now I want to tell you a little about the song. Are you okay?”

“Oh yeah. thank you.”

Just by looking at him he seemed a little annoyed as if he felt like he was being robbed of his screen time but he quickly calmed down as soon as the camera started rolling.

hmm.

‘It’s not that I don’t have a head.’

And we never ask for opinions on song selection and start with what has already been decided.

‘You’re trying to take the initiative.’

This guy is two years younger than me. Normally during a team game I would tell them to relax and talk comfortably but I kept leading them into mutual respect.

‘He has a good head and a strong sense of pride.’

Then the type of stage this guy will push is one thing.

“Anyway since this team had a lot of candidates for vocal positions we organized the stage mainly around vocals.”

“Oh yes.”

I thought so.

‘This kid isn’t very confident in his dancing.’

Even though I have been a trainee for 3 years my srat is at best C+. It means that it is at the same level as I was during &lt;Azusa&gt;.

What if you want to clearly show only your good skills? It’s right to choose a stage that maximizes only the vocals.

‘Because that guy’s vocals are A-.’

And he seems to believe that his vocal skills are similar to mine.

‘Then you’d think the decision would be made based on song selection.’

good. Do whatever you want. Coincidentally Ryu Cheong-woo also has similar dancing stats to that guy so the standard would be correct.

‘There won’t be much of a scene where Ryu Cheong-wu can’t keep up with the dance and makes a fuss.’

I brought up the status window of Ryu Chengwu in front of me.

[Name\: Ryu Cheong-woo]

Singing\: B (S-)

Dance\: C+ (A)

Appearance\: A- (A+)

Talent\: B (A)

Trait\: Full Draw (B)

Not bad. No to be honest it is remarkable that a college student received a report card like this.

‘If I were an employee of the agency I would have caught them somehow and made them sign a contract.’

…but still.

The problem is that I know Ryu Cheong-woo’s abilities from the real-life 5-year first-team idol tester.

Let’s compare.

[Name\: Ryu Cheong-woo]

Singing\: A (S-)

Dance\: B+ (A)

Appearance\: A- (A+)

Talent\: A- (A)

Characteristic\: Full Draw (S)

A perfect singing-oriented all-rounder.

A lead vocalist who would be good enough to be placed in the main role in another group and choreography perfection and talent that would be good enough to be placed in the center.

But right now Ryu Cheong-woo here probably hasn’t even practiced the basics. Aside from appearance her abilities have dropped by one or two levels compared to Azusa.

‘And the characteristics are also strange.’

I recalled the original Liu Chengwu’s characteristics.

[Full draw (S)]

-You will be in the correct position when you pull the protest.

\: Performance equanimity +150%

It is a correction value that allows you to express exactly what you want and act naturally on stage.

In short a professional image.

This was definitely an overwhelming S from the time she appeared in “Azusa.”

‘Why is this guy here rated B?’

I thought this was definitely a trait I would have had from my archery days…

But there was no time to think further.

Because I’m filming.

Club Mebo who was looking at the lyrics spoke in a quiet voice.

“Then as for the part… First of all the rules are set.”

“yes.”

Let’s deal with this bastard first.

I smiled inwardly and opened my mouth.

“Because there are rules.”

I’m afraid I’ll look selfish if I say it myself so I’m holding back on saying this.

I recalled the president’s remarks.

-The 〈Honor Class〉 member who owns the song leads this song. Think of the remaining members as featuring.

“Of course you have to follow the rules. Taejun please sing half the song as the main song. You are the owner of this song. “We are challengers.”

“Oh… no. “It’s a stage we all make together so there are rules.”

Yes try your best to show off your humble side. I know what kind of image you want to create but…

Then the initiative would have passed.

If you let others talk they will have the right to speak.

At best if you select the song well you can write it like this in the part. Rather do the opposite.

I like it.

“I think it would be good if you could sing the entire song. “You have to hold on to the performance.”

“Yes… um. thank you.”

I appropriately gave him the climax in all sections except the bridge. The guy quickly takes it away.

[Ugh I didn’t give too much… Ah no that’s not true! all right!]

Yes appropriate.

I smiled inwardly at the pop-up of the guy reading my thoughts and admiring me then took the remaining half of the part and waved it to Liu Chengwu.

“Is there a part you want to do?”

“Oh I want to call this place.”

The guy who didn’t participate in the conversation between me and Club Mebo and just nodded his head didn’t leave the room when questions were asked.

‘You’re just proactive in the areas you need.’

After hearing all of his opinions I immediately called Club Mebo.

“We’re thinking of taking exactly half of the remaining parts. Would that be okay?”

“yes? Oh of course it’s okay.”

I answered willingly but I know you’re not particularly interested. No matter who takes which part they have the advantage anyway.

‘I’m not really interested in criticizing others and improving overall quality.’

The mindset is that if you look good to others and don’t lose money the rest of you don’t care. I see how Cheongryeo has been controlling it for several years.

“yes. Please take care of me.”

From then on I continued to practice by posting club memos and deliberately did not make time to talk alone with Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘Because it’s difficult to frame it as two guys being friendly and alienating that guy.’

This means that I am not missing out on the pictures that are well taken care of by this club memo.

And Liu Chengwu followed the practice steadily without any opposition… but that was all.

[yes? Are you good at it?]

It’s okay.

However since he is an ordinary person and is following a team situation where other people have all the authority this means that his impact is weak.

‘hmm.’

…Now that Liu Chengwu has participated it would be a lie to say that I don’t want to lead the team in some way.

But now it is realistically difficult to do anything other than somehow select this guy as a colleague and awaken him. Because the period is too short.

‘Besides I don’t know what this guy is thinking right now.’

“…”

There’s no choice.

First of all I need to come up with a structure so that Ryu Cheong-woo can return home without being criticized and saying that he had a fresh experience.

[ah…]

I slowly adjusted my strategy by tapping the club memo and encouraging myself to modify the stage.

Three days passed like that.

As always when you are locked in a remote place like this and just practice time flies by.

And Liu Chengwu… Surprisingly his skills are improving at an inhumane rate.

[Cheongwoo’s dance stat has become B-…?]

Does this make sense?

If I didn’t know about this guy I would have treated the fact that he had never been a trainee as bullshit and doubted his past.

[…Wait a minute that’s what my brother heard in &lt;Azusa&gt;…]

That’s a status changer. Not Liu Chengwu.

‘But… even then I don’t think it’s enough to push through and debut here.’

This is because a guy introduced in the mid to late game needs to be overwhelming to push him out.

When I hear a story about someone being vaguely recognized as a gold medalist and being brought up on a blood-related bus… I don’t know if it would be okay for someone who is not awakened and has no trauma.

[ㅠㅠ]

I can’t help it.

I quenched my appetite and started walking again.

I’m waking up this early in the morning and walking down the hallway to gather my thoughts.

As I am doing this I seem to remember the days when I was working hard while writing ‘Sleep is when you die’…

[Hey there!]

hmm?

I can see the practice room with the lights still on. And that’s the practice room I was using until just now.

‘…no way.’

I grabbed the door handle and opened the sliding door.

Grumble.

“…!”

I immediately see the faces of my teammates.

This is Liu Chengwu covered in sweat.

“Aren’t you sleeping?”

“Ah I guess I should do a little more.”

It’s 3 in the morning and the unmanned camera is out of battery and not working. This guy was still in the practice room.

“What about your brother?”

“I have something to think about.”

For reference the club information disappeared exactly when the camera turned off. Seeing as they aren’t even in the dorm I’m thinking about doing something with the other trainees.

“…”

Wait a minute how can this guy’s skills improve so quickly… Was he doing this shit every morning? Do you believe in your own physical strength?

“Have you been doing this the whole time?”

“Hmm… I guess it’s a shame.”

“Take care of your stamina. Then if I can’t perform on the actual performance it won’t work out.”

“huh. “That’s how it should be.”

Ryu Cheong-wu answered obediently and lay down on the floor of the practice room. Even if you say something like that it seems like you have no intention of going back to your dorm.

‘I am indeed.’

I closed the door for now.

Then the guy who was lying down looking at the ceiling suddenly opens his mouth again.

“I’m sorry bro. “I didn’t apply to interfere with my brother’s performance.”

“…!”

“A writer recommended &lt;Vocal B&gt;… I should have thought more about it then. “It’s a broadcast.”

And then I realized.

‘The tone of speech has changed.’

I guess I was careful to only use informal language. I’m afraid that Ryu Geon-woo will be criticized if a person of the same age using polite language is broadcast.

“…I know that too so there’s no need to apologize.”

I quietly sat down next to him and asked.

“So how did I actually participate here?”

Did the production team at least pay tuition for you?

“that…”

Liu Chengwu answered slowly.

“Because you look a little different.”

I froze quietly.

But the guy took no notice and continued speaking.

“Do you remember how we made an alcohol-free calendar to celebrate the New Year?”

“…”

what.

“My brother didn’t tell me but I figured it out automatically when I saw the calendar posted on the refrigerator.”

Here I have no reason to stop drinking so why on earth would I do something like that… Anyway so this guy can’t believe it.

‘Do you doubt me?’

Liu Chengwu’s explanation did not end and I rolled over several possibilities in my head.

“But my brother drinks alcohol willingly…”

so.

“It seems like he doesn’t turn down a drink because it’s so hard but seeing him keep doing this makes me wonder if it’s just as much fun.”

“…!”

I recalled a pattern from several conversations I had with him.

Questions about idols.

-how is it?

-It’s fun. It’s the most rewarding thing I’ve ever done in my life.

Is that how you interpreted it?

“And this year it seems like my brother has changed a lot as he tries out a new field…”

He hesitated a little but continued.

“I think it felt a little… unfamiliar.”

“…”

“I’m also jealous”

what?

Liu Qingyu muttered lowly.

“Actually… I’m not sure why I quit archery.”

“…”

“Originally I thought I was going to die. I think I suddenly felt like it wouldn’t matter even if I couldn’t do it. maybe.”

I reflexively completed my inference from what he meant.

Originally Liu Chengwu was forced to quit archery after being injured crying and even breaking his bow.

‘But instead of the injury disappearing… ’

A gap was created.

And the most appropriate and reasonable reason was included.

“So I just… I thought I didn’t have to.”

“…”

I thought I was doing well in college but that was it.

‘after.’

And now the guy who impulsively jumped into the industry his relative is working in speaks with a firm voice.

“So it’s been a while since I’ve stayed up all night like this. This… I feel like it’s not enough right now but I like the feeling of improvement every time I do it. “It’s been a while since this happened.”

“…”

“I guess that’s why my brother said he liked it too. “I understand now.”

Liu Chengwu laughed briefly. I stayed silent for a while unable to answer and eventually asked\:

“Do you want to win here?”

“huh?”

Do you want to continue?

Liu Chengwu looked a little embarrassed but soon burst into laughter.

“of course! “There is no one who wants to lose.”

And he adds in a fairly firm voice.

“Me too.”

I got up.

Actually I was planning to give Ryu Cheong-woo an appropriate position so that he would not be compared to anyone else and then take the head of the club memorabilia in the decisive part but…

I changed my mind a bit.

“okay.”

I need to revise my plan.

I gave the lyrics to Club Mebo before going to the trainer the next day.

There is a new notation on the paper.

“Well if this performance is structured like this anyway… I would like to supplement it in a way that improves the level of stage perfection.”

“yes?”

He glanced at the new gasa paper as if it were annoying but the moment he checked the notation his concentration came back.

And what escapes my eyes uncontrollably is… greed.

‘yes.’

“And… I think this will emphasize Taejun’s stage more. Because that fits the theme of the performance. “What would you think?”

“ah”

This guy knows too. It is better for the picture to decline this a few times.

However I am only presenting an opinion not making an argument.

The moment you reject someone you will turn around and say ‘Is that so?’ without any regrets.

And he couldn’t stand it.

“Umm… yes yes. “If only for the sake of completeness.”

good. You asked.

[Huh then does Cheongwoo absolutely have the ability to defeat this person?]

That’s not it.

I calculated calmly.

Due to the nature of this in-house survival…

‘I guess I’ll have to open the lid to find out.’

[ㅠㅠ But I still want to have hope…]

That’s personal freedom.

But I decided not to look at the situation too optimistically.

‘Even if it’s the worst I won’t be criticized.’

At this time I didn’t know that the proposition that I had already felt since 〈Azusa〉 would work this time as well.

as soon as…

Ryu Cheong-woo has never suffered a loss in a survival program.

Dress rehearsal right before the stage.

The boss speaks as if making a sentence.

“Among those who are unable to perform the new song there will always be those who are eliminated. And it may not necessarily be just one person.”

“…!”

This means that we will begin reducing the number of employees in earnest.

And this time I think that the mentality of those who prepared as much as possible to not even dream about the survival of the entire team is broken…

The next words continue.

“And I am not the judge of performance.”

no way.

“The public is the harshest critic. “This is the audience’s vote.”

“…”

I clenched my fist briefly.

won
