---
title: "Chapter 385"
category: "book"
index: 384
section: "Chapter 385"
slug: "385"
---

# Chapter 385

LeTi’s survival program 〈Wise〉 invited 500 audience members to this performance.

The applicants were not selected by lottery like regular entertainment audiences. People have been invited from a university high school and hospital of a specific corporation.

The president proudly said that it was to ensure the objectivity of the evaluation team but there were people who benefited from it.

‘oh my god!’

High school students who like to watch idols clenched their hands pretending not to be teachers.

‘Oh I couldn’t come to see this because I was afraid my face would be sold… What’s going on?’

During my school days I passionately liked an idol but even now several years after I defected from the idol that passion is still alive and burning.

‘It’s a miscellany but… ’

That’s right. She liked all kinds of idols!

Thanks to this I was able to enjoy LeTi’s survival program without being overly immersed and focusing on moderate interest.

Right now I’m even guessing about today’s stage after watching all 5 episodes that aired yesterday.

‘Since it came out right before the team match will there be another individual match?’

At the same time I naturally think of the most powerful solo exhibition stage.

The Shin Jae-hyun VS Cha Yu-jin death match from episode 4 that aired last week.

-torn

-Wow these guys are really the boss. I understand why the boss pass is so ridiculous. They can’t even send me away;;

-Honestly if it was a regular server look at Cha Yu-jin’s Seung-im character haha. Letty’s insight is still the same. Ugh.

-Cha Yujin doesn’t have Letty’s style it just makes her stand out. To be honest I think Shin Jaehyun’s quality is better… Um Cha Yujin has a lot of fans.

The two’s stage successfully inherited the aggro of the ‘Ryu Geon-woo VS Jin Chae-yul’ stage and poured firewood once again.

An unusual phenomenon also occurred here.

Basically company survival works differently from general survival which is a state of everyone fighting against everyone else.

There is a demand base that wants to gauge the group that will be completed through this survival.

-I think it will be perfect if we debut like this ㅠㅠ

However as the heterogeneous &lt;Supplementary Group&gt; especially Cha Yu-jin who stood out like a comet became a hit a new general viewer base who tended to focus on individuals rather than the team came in.

‘There was chaos.’

The sudden chaos that brought in existing viewers due to deep-rooted evils and drove viewers into trouble continued for several days.

Moreover it had the effect of reigniting the controversy over the phone call.

-It was a waste to let Jin Chae-yul go so I had no choice but to come out and say that Geon-woo lost. He had a pass. Haha this is ridiculous.

-Do you have any ill feelings toward CEO Ryu Geon-woo? Why are you acting like this? Why do you treat a child so cruelly when you could have passed?

-ㄹㄱㅇ They all have a very victim mentality. The group’s fans will be tired when Wise debuts.

However all these conflicts were dramatically resolved when episode 5 aired yesterday.

‘Keyword sexy!’

The stage already made heavy viewers excited after only 5 seconds of preview and spoilers from the audience.

Shin Jae-hyeon and Cha Yu-jin performed together again and Ryu Geon-woo also joined them. It’s not even an individual game it’s a complete team play.

Moreover the pre-released cut was Cha Yu-jin’s solo cut that killed Angwang.

It’s as if he’s asking ‘How do I fit in with this agency?’

– Mr. Wow

-Awesome. What is this guy?

-Someone says he doesn’t suit Leti Cha Yu-jin ㅅㅂStarting from today when you rebut Leti you must be correct.

In addition the stage preparation process in which Shin Jae-hyun who is full of leadership gently comforts and leads the team once again reminded people of the nature of in-house survival.

‘They’re going to be an official group soon!’

Since the pool of people is small the idea is that those who are this good will all debut together.

As the heartwarming story of recruiting foreign members and the awakening of Ryu Geon-woo were added as toppings even those who were stressed felt relieved.

-I guess these two are really close. Oh I’m very satisfied.

-Who have you seen? It seems like a declaration that they will tear up the entire K-pop stage;; Is this something Kisan of the Fallen Kingdom is doing?

-I’m already imagining how great it would be if I debuted and started working on my own.

If Ryu Geon-woo’s life outside the country had seemed overly painful things would have been a bit different. Fortunately the water level was adjusted to an appropriate level as intended.

Of course there were also elements that had nothing to do with my intention.

Just as the teacher who came as an audience member thought.

‘He… he was really crazy about making a living.’

It’s like this.

[Ryu Geon-woo\: I like it when I’m cleaning because distracting thoughts disappear.]

[Ryu Geon-woo\: So I’ll clean up the bathroom as well.]

[…?]

[Something that no one has ever instructed]

Ryu Geon-woo’s 3-piece housework set did not build an image of being meticulous and having strong vitality.

Instead it was aired at 10x speed.

The sight of him frantically sweeping and mopping the dormitory contrasted with the other panicked members made for a very interesting picture and the production team did not miss this.

[Obsessed ♨️]

[I can’t bear to touch it…]

The sight of him thinking about performance and pouring his burning passion into his rice was accepted by people like a cute meme.

-Characteristics of a child who is good at studying\: First of all there is nothing else that can be seen. 〈- Isn’t this really it?

-It looks like you received really good home training.

-Becoming a house elf is Geon-woo’s way of managing stress…?

-Ah it’s salty and cute but it’s really funny.

Surprisingly everything was rationalized and the image of a golden spoon in a greenhouse did not change at all.

It would have been a surprise if Park Moon-dae who was disguised as Ryu Geon-woo found out but anyway the gag image was effective in relieving tension.

The scene where he takes care of Jin Chae-yul by going to Shin Jae-hyeon’s team also showed his power and the sharpness of public opinion related to Ryu Geon-woo softened.

-ㅠㅠReally sweet. It must be hard to sleep but in the midst of this you take care of your little brother’s mentality…

-The kid has a venom. It’s nice to see something.

-Looking forward to the stage

And now as an audience member I can go beyond the stage and get a glimpse into the next chapter…

“Let’s start the first stage!”

‘Ewww’

The teacher who had been lost in a flashback for a moment came to his senses. And then I fixed my eyes on the stage.

‘Who will come out first?’

Naturally choosing the most popular contestant she saw black figures coming up on stage.

And then a splendid stage mixed with familiar faces an awkward stage a stage that goes beyond expectations and an ambitious but disappointing stage continues.

Wow!

Still most of the audience who had little experience seeing such a stage in person enjoyed the show and excitedly voted.

This is because the president deliberately did not tell the audience that they had sword handles.

Thanks to this the evaluation was brutally honest.

[The winner is… Jin Chae-yul from &lt;Honor Class&gt; who received 371 votes!]

There was usually an overwhelming victory but sometimes the performers performed similarly well.

In that case interestingly existing participants tended to receive more votes. It was an effect of gaining awareness.

‘Oh it’s Yunshin!’

The teacher also voted for the person he felt comfortable with and was attracted to.

Then the contestant who was to perform the next performance watched it on the monitor got into the mood and moved to the waiting area.

The stage he will show is a famous dance pop song by an American male soloist.

This is a stage where the song with its groove and rhythm was arranged with a focus on vocals.

But there is a secret.

‘Oh actually it’s a stage we’ve already done.’

This is a song he practiced a few months ago as a candidate song for his agency’s end-of-month evaluation and then dropped it right before.

But he didn’t give up.

‘I didn’t really show it so the company doesn’t know.’

Even if other participants remembered I wouldn’t bother scratching it and making it crumble so I thought it would be okay to use this trick.

You might accidentally play the song you practiced.

‘It’s not a fucking scam just because I saved some stamina.’

Isn’t it normal to lead the stage alone? Considering that he took care of everything from song selection to stage it is only right to see these benefits.

VTIC’s former main vocalist honors class participant who was given the title ‘Club Mebo’ by Ryu Geon-woo has completed his rationalization.

And then he stood upright complaining about his tight pants.

Next to him two people with a subtle resemblance Ryu Geon-woo and Ryu Cheong-woo were standing side by side and waiting calmly.

He even smiles and talks about his route as if he is not nervous.

‘Is it worth going that far to catch him?’

Isn’t it a disease to be that conscious of the camera?

‘Who doesn’t have a national archery medal? And what kind of bastard retired after being exempted from military service?’

Meanwhile the guy next to me who thought he was smart even made a joke to himself while practicing.

-How about all the challengers appear together only at the end and until then only one person in charge of their part appears on stage? The featuring stage is usually like that.

It seemed as if he was sneaking in but he couldn’t do that in survival and he must have had an ulterior motive.

Originally there was a point where he had to say this and that about the stage even though he had no authority but he had to receive some real education… but he passed it on.

They say they’ll reduce the amount on their own but there’s nothing you don’t like.

‘I think I’m thinking of conserving my stamina and definitely improving the quality of my live… ’

Since my trainee period was short and I was a guy who only studied I had a clear mind.

Unfortunately he was originally born with good lung capacity. That move was useless.

‘That bastard probably thinks he’s a great strategist.’

I felt like I had quite a blast when I became a character because I was handsome.

Guys like that tend to become self-conscious trolls even in games. Since it was a solo exhibition I honestly welcomed it.

“〈Vocal B〉 Move!”

“yes!”

And finally the time comes for the stage.

Anyway since they might debut together the honors class participants joined in giving each other words of encouragement.

“Regardless of whether we win or lose let’s show it properly brothers.”

Ryu Geon-woo smiled and nodded.

“Yes to the best of my ability… Why not give it a try and go?”

“yes yes.”

The honors class participants participated in cheering slogans drawing a picture that they would not be able to survive even after their debut.

“Let’s show everything! 〈Vocal B〉 Fighting!”

And a moment later on stage.

At first there was only one person who appeared from behind.

Just like a solo stage.

‘uh?’

Bambam bam bam bam!

It was a participant in the honors class who turned around to the music that exploded the moment the pinpoint light was plugged in.

The song begins with gestures and a light rhythm like choreography.

Funky rhythm and blues.

[I’m gonna show you something-]

Cheers erupt from the steady steady high notes.

[especially Good- and remarkable]

This is it!

The honors class participants coolly sang familiar lyrics.

The accumulated amount of practice allows you to sing the song automatically without even thinking about it.

[Come on it’s not late!]

Just holding the stand microphone and turning it slightly is enough. If you sing this well and add the choreography everyone can’t help but be amazed!

The honors class finished the song with a triumphant performance.

‘This is as if it’s already over!’

But that is the moment the first verse ends.

Another light comes on on stage illuminating new people.

[You’re gonna show you something]

Same melody as the first measure.

However the arrangement has changed.

The accompaniment almost disappears and husky notes fall from the smooth piano.

[Too bad- and unforgettable]

“…!”

Your concentration suddenly increases.

And the honors class gives goosebumps down my back.

Sense of crisis.

‘uh…??’

Because Ryu Geon-woo deliberately did not show his best skills during practice.

[Come on I’m waiting!]

Participants in the honors class are trainees.

What that means is that you are not used to unexpected situations in real life.

For example the pressure you feel when you feel that your competitor’s skills have suddenly improved.

‘…!’

The honors class participant almost missed the timing but reflexively grabbed the microphone and joined the chorus.

[Break this dance hall!]

The moment you feel reassured by its cleanliness. As promised an ad-lib that goes straight to the top.

[Break this dance hall!]

It’s just a slightly higher pitch.

However there is a clear difference in technique and vocal quality.

As if there is a difference in resolution.

Like the chorus and main singer.

They chase after you like you’re eating them.

and!!

The cheering sounds like a comparison.

‘Fuck you!’

The tempo of the honors class becomes impatient and slightly speeds up. The boss raises his eyebrows.

[Ohh- yeah yeah!]

Just like that Ryu Geon-woo’s part was finished.

Ryu Geon-woo disappears from the stage with a slightly flashy farewell gesture. People respond to that too.

But all that’s left is an empty microphone and lights.

‘it’s okay!’

It was around this time that the honors class doing light choreography in the accompaniment finally found their composure.

I haven’t even started singing but suddenly I hear cheering again.

Wow! Wow!

‘uh…?’

This time Ryu Cheong-woo enters Ryu Geon-woo’s empty standing microphone seat.

People are confused and react provocatively to the unexpected appearance but Ryu Cheong-woo simply enters the second verse in a soft low voice.

[I’m gonna show you something-]

A good voice is followed by cheers.

However it is a competency that is not much different from practice. He clearly sings better.

The honors class went into the next verse with their nerves tense.

but…

‘Why… does it seem like my shouts are smaller?’

Normally it is right for the person with the most screen time to stand out on stage.

The problem was change.

The audience gets bored quickly.

The moment something that appears as something new catches our attention something that has always existed becomes old.

Plain with a boring taste.

And the toppings that keep changing their appearance actually become the protagonists.

‘ah… ’

Anyone who continues to hold their position simply becomes a chorus.

Unless you are overwhelmingly good at the main level.

Pop.

As soon as I instinctively feel it cold sweat runs down my honors class member’s back.

The pace begins to slow down due to tension.

‘ah.’

The inertial habit of singing becomes disorganized as mental strength collapses.

And that is visible to the audience as well.

‘hmm… ’

‘Are you a little anxious?’

The impression that was lost to Ryu Geon-woo in the first half collapsed in the second half and was completed as one image.

‘I’m not as good as I thought… ’

However regardless of whether the person next to him performed worse or better than he practiced Liu Chengwu is natural and calm.

Since you know that your abilities are not as good as your opponent anyway there is nothing to be intimidated by or expect.

Then a third microphone appears from behind and Ryu Geon-woo appears on stage again carrying his part even as the audience’s cheers grow louder.

[Ohh- yeah yeah!]

And the ending has exquisite chords.

Wow!

Cheers poured out again and the stage ended like that. And the person everyone was predicting soon appears on the electronic screen.

[The winner is… Ryu Geon-woo from &lt;Inferior Class&gt; who received 320 votes!]

victor. Ryu Geon-woo.

And it was virtually decided who among the losers would be eliminated.

* * *

The stage is over.

A short backstage break before the real loser emerges.

“Hyung this… is really fun.”

As soon as Liu Chengwu took off the microphone he forgot how hard he was breathing and ran over to say this.

And then he pours out words without listening to the answer.

“I never thought it would feel like this. This… even though there were no scores and even though we lost… it feels like we won the game. “Interestingly.”

His voice was unusually excited for a guy who always behaved like an adult.

And then he speaks with his eyes shining.

“It’s difficult to expect results because he is more skilled than me but I want to stay and try more. Even if I get criticized.”

I smiled faintly.

“You don’t have to worry about that. “I think it will work out without getting criticized.”

“…okay?”

Hope and desire appear on Liu Chengwu’s face.

At that moment I saw this damn status window turn on and flash and spit out a new word.

[What is the status of the characteristic…?]

no way.

[B-〉A!]

[Full draw (A)]

-You will be in the correct position when you pull the protest.

\: Performance equanimity +120%

“…!”

I see. It seems that Ryu Cheong-woo’s passion for something has regained its influence and it has even affected his characteristics.

Well… that’s a good thing.

“hmm…”

For a moment Liu Chengwu’s excitement faded but worry spread across his face.

“…brother. “Is there any problem?”

“No that’s not it.”

It’s not a problem.

But… actually the moment I got off the stage I did something out of anger.

[Fame is increasing…]

+50000 Exp

At that time the reputation value was settled.

[Hahahahahaha I can spin it 50 times bro!!]

It feels like I just sent the club kid away so I feel good.

So I thought it was a little extra and tried it out due to adrenaline…

It’s up.

[haha!]

[★★★★★ Ryu Cheong-woo / Lead Vocal]

“…”

This… what signal is this?
