---
title: "Chapter 386"
category: "book"
index: 385
section: "Chapter 386"
slug: "386"
---

# Chapter 386

Is Ryu Cheong-woo coming out of the lottery at this timing?

In fact isn’t this comrade drawing system like the trait drawing system previously operated by Keudal willing to spit out what I need at the time?

‘…Now that I think about it I looked at Lee Se-jin and the real Lee Se-jin appeared.’

Of course it was a different guy with the same name.

I opened my mouth just in case.

‘Were you able to work hard here too?’

[Oh no. I don’t think I can do that anymore… Actually I tried to do it a few times.]

A small dejected pop-up appears.

‘No it’s fine. ‘It’s better to be clean than to mix things up and cause problems.’

[]

Okay.

[Oh yes…!]

okay.

Anyway there is only one option for me to consider now.

[Colleague\: Would you like to awaken Ryu Cheong-wu?]

-Use Exp 1000

Liu Chengwu’s awakening.

I raised my head. You can see the person’s eyes shining with the immersion and satisfaction they have felt for the first time in a long time.

‘hmm.’

I opened my mouth looking at Liu Chengwu waiting for an answer.

“No I think it would be a good idea to prepare your testimony.”

It’s best enjoyed without knowing these things so I’ll press the awakening button later.

Since the announcement of the eliminated candidates.

“Impressions?”

“The moment you join the production team will unconditionally ask you what you think.”

A look of embarrassment passed from Liu Chengyu’s face. I guess you thought you were encouraged that you would definitely win.

That was really good advice.

“Hmm… then wouldn’t it be okay to just say thank you?”

“Rather than that it would be better to be honest and show that I was a little more impressed. Dramatically.”

“…?”

Any thoughtful production team would definitely treat this as a major twist.

And after a while.

When all the audience had left the stage the eliminated candidates were finally revealed one by one.

“We’re releasing it now!”

[〈Supplementary Class〉 Ryu Cheong-woo]

[Participants confirmed!]

Liu Chengwu truly became the final winner of all these rounds.

He was also the only one left in the supplementary class.

This was the only exception in the production team’s calculation that they would film familiar contestants instead of unfamiliar faces even if their skills were similar.

“Thank you um…”

The guy who was finally able to grab the microphone seemed to be trying to speak as calmly as possible even in a trembling voice.

It’s the first time I’ve felt so agitated since I passed Azusa.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve done something this passionately… so I feel a little overwhelmed. Thank you for the next opportunity. We will never let go and show you a better side of ourselves. thank you!”

It’s simple but there’s enough nuance that you’re truly passionate about this. Excellent.

Moreover anyone who heard it started to misunderstand that there was a reason why he quit archery. No I hope so. It’s good to have a narrative.

“This concludes the announcement of the eliminated candidates.”

And the club’s mebo disappeared as it was included in the nine eliminated candidates including two directly selected by the president.

There are 12 people left.

-Do you know how many people were in my original group?

-Nine people.

We’re getting closer and closer to that number. I don’t know how many people it will end up being this time though.

How many people does Cheongryeo think are appropriate for this short-term project group other than her own?

‘This… maybe we should discuss it.’

What are you talking about?

Now let’s do our thing.

“Thank you brother.”

“You did it what should I do?”

As soon as the camera turns off and he comes down the stage Liu Chengwu says thank you and then speaks in a more powerful tone.

“I have to practice hard. To follow along.”

“hmm.”

It seems like they have already come to a conclusion based on the atmosphere and it seems like they will stay in the practice room and practice all night until the next filming.

No matter how much you do it your stamina will be shattered so that would be counterproductive.

“When my brother first said he was going to do it I should have done it too. “It’s a bit of a waste.”

“why. “I feel like I’m running out of time?”

“…”

Ryu Cheong-wu uncharacteristically nods his head slightly perhaps regretting that time is running out to improve his skills.

‘I don’t have to regret it anymore.’

I can give you your practice time back.

“ruler.”

“huh?”

Take it. I pressed Liu Chengwu’s awakening button.

[Leap towards emergency…]

And for the first time I personally saw the awakening scene of my ‘comrade’.

Immediately Liu Chengyu stumbles. Bigger than expected.

“What… ah.”

“…!”

This… was the reaction really this strong?

“Are you okay there?”

“who is this?”

Even the staff reacted. However Liu Chengyu leaned against the wall and said nothing.

‘Fuck you.’

Is this reaction correct?

Just when I was about to take action either through the status window or by calling 119 fortunately the guy immediately raised his head.

Calm voice.

“…Oh um it’s okay.”

A gentle expression.

“sorry. “I guess it was because I was relaxed.”

“Ah~”

The staff leaves after seeing Ryu Cheong-wu smiling calmly.

And Liu Chengwu still hasn’t lost his smile even after all the staff members have disappeared.

However the face slowly opens up.

“…”

“…”

“…is that a doormat?”

“yes.”

And after a short deep silence.

“Whoa…”

Liu Chengwu lowers his head and lets out a long moan.

[Oh that person…]

okay.

Before panic fear confusion and relief…

‘…It came first from embarrassment.’

I quietly pretended not to notice the leader who recalled all the 21-year-old youthful aspects of himself.

“So… um it’s kind of an accident situation.”

“yes.”

After some time I finished a quick briefing on the current situation to Ryu Cheong-woo who came to his senses while packing up his luggage.

If someone else heard it it was so unrealistic that they would have thought it was about a movie or a game so there is nothing to complain about.

And as someone who knew that I had changed my body he was quick to grasp the situation.

“It was a little strange. I can see it like this. “I think the parts that were different from reality were awkward.”

Instead of talking about a parallel dimension or something Ryu Cheong-woo seemed to clearly interpret this situation as a lucid dream or fantasy.

“I guess I should say I made a different choice at a point where it seemed unlikely.”

It seemed like he thought of a few more examples not just archery but Liu Chengwu didn’t bother to go into detail.

I really had to say this.

“Then the timing was perfect and I found a way to come to my senses.”

“yes.”

“Then you deliberately waited until after the elimination list was announced. “To make me feel the reward of winning the audience vote on my first stage.”

“…”

“thank you.”

“…It’s because I’m filming so I don’t think you’ll be grateful.”

“haha!”

Liu Chengwu laughed and added.

“Speak comfortably. “Actually you are really my brother too.”

“…!”

“For some reason I felt like I should call him brother even though we are the same age.”

Liu Chengwu smiled shyly saying that this was also a strange part.

“It’s okay to tell me when I go back. “We’ve been seeing each other for over 5 years and it’s time to stop talking.”

“…Like that.”

Liu Chengwu smiled coolly and passed it off.

‘I knew he was like this but… ’

It’s so embarrassing. I suddenly found myself waiting for the others to arrive.

Fortunately as I had warned the honors class students who had finished changing clothes in another waiting room soon ran out to the back of the lobby.

“Hyung Moon Dae! Cheongwoo do you remember now?”

“Eujin.”

“Wooow!”

Cha Yu-jin runs over and gives him a high five.

Even though Kim Rae-bin is there that guy calls me Park Mun-dae very conveniently.

However Kim Rae-bin didn’t react much perhaps because his brain automatically processed ‘Mundae = Geon-woo’s nickname’.

I just do my best to say hello.

“Hello brothers! “I was really impressed by today’s performance.”

“Ah now Ravin too…”

“hmm.”

Ryu Cheong-woo who noticed that Kim Rae-bin had no memory of my reaction changed his tone.

“Sorry about this. “I said something carelessly didn’t I?”

“yes? no! “As you are an older person and a fellow participant you have the right to do so.”

Liu Chengwu laughed.

“It’s the same it’s the same.”

“…?”

“that’s right. Raebin Kim is the same person.”

“…! “Could it be that you mean that there is no progress compared to what we saw in the existing program?”

“No you idiot!”

“…?!”

I left the three guys talking and looked at the guy coming behind them.

The guy was slowly joining in after receiving a farewell greeting from the others.

“congratulation. Next time I’ll consider it an honors class.”

Cheongnyeo.

“I don’t know because the number of people has decreased.”

“hmm? It’s still difficult if you can’t come up now. “Do you really think so?”

“…”

“I’m kidding. “I trust you.”

I get goosebumps.

“You always beat the main vocalist who had a solid place in the debut group. Of course you will be in the honors class from the next filming.”

“…”

After confirming that the remaining participants had left the lobby and the other three were engrossed in conversation I lowered my voice and asked.

“How on earth did that bastard survive for 7 years?”

“Because it’s easy to handle.”

The guy twisted his lips slightly.

“But people tend to change. “My self-consciousness grows and I show different patterns due to unreasonable confidence in myself.”

“…”

“Well… it was my mistake to miss it so I won’t make any excuses.”

I recalled the actions of the former main vocalist of VTIC after leaving the club due to controversy.

It was easy.

Because there is nothing.

It was quiet with no recent news articles or eyewitness accounts and no common social media accounts opened.

Who would have done it?

“But those with clear weaknesses are easy to deal with. Isn’t it a pity? “This time we were able to handle it without any major variables.”

“Then let’s at least have a reprisal match.”

“haha!”

The guy laughed heartily.

“are you okay. “I don’t regret it.”

“…”

“I asked my brother in case he would be disappointed.”

I turned my head to see that the title had changed and before I knew it the other three people had finished their conversation and turned to look this way.

And Cheongryeo also looks there.

To be exact Liu Chengwu.

“This way too?”

It probably means that your memories have returned.

“okay.”

“Hmm.”

He briefly glances at Liu Chengwu as if appraising him.

No it’s not ‘as if’.

[Attribute\: Emotion (A)]

There was little of value and there was a lot of trash.

\: Human resources judgment +150%

He must be showing off his characteristics.

And then he smiles and holds out his hand.

“Please take care of me.”

“yes. thank you.”

The two shook hands.

First of all it’s not as bad as when Cheongryeo met Cha Yujin.

‘It’s okay if you don’t fight.’

Since it didn’t look like anything was going to happen right away I decided to take advantage of the moment and check the status window.

This is because the main quest was just broken.

[Quest\: Awakening of companions] -&gt; Completed!

The ones I have awakened so far are Cha Yu-jin Bae Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo.

I guess the condition was to awaken a total of 3 people.

‘Then is Cheongryeo an exception?’

What kind of guy is being treated as a starter?

Anyway if you have succeeded in gathering enough colleagues what is the next step?

‘What is the progress of the stage?’

This is the main content.

[Quest\: Colleague Awakening Reputation Collection Activity 1/N]

-Let’s collect fame

Cumulative reputation required\: 1000000 Exp

The units may be crazy but fame naturally leads to fame so there is no need to adjust the period. Pass it over.

I brought up the bottom popup. This is the colleague status window.

Colleague List

[Shin Jae-hyun\: Calculating newly added resources (*^-^)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Recalling happy memories (+ㅅ+~♫)]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Checking his physical condition (•ᴗ•])

Even the newly added Ryu Cheong-woo is in the same condition as can be seen with no unusual features.

Except for one guy who wasn’t there.

[Bae Se-jin\: Receiving the president’s plaster crime (`ㅅ ´=3)]

“…”

What on earth are you doing?

I picked up my smartphone with the intention of contacting him right away.

And you will see a message that appears at the top.

-Senior Lee Se-jin\: Hello Geon-woo! I watched episode 5. (Laughing emoticon) I think the stage will be really cool right??

It was a message that Lee Se-jin sent two days ago.

* * *

Accommodation in Jairob.

Jiyiing.

“Hmm.”

Although it had been a long time since she was in bed before midnight and just before going to bed Sejin Lee picked up her smartphone right away as was her habit.

And then I saw the reply that came late.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: I have just returned home so I am late in replying. sorry.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: Thank you for the compliment. I really hope the stage comes out well.

“ah.”

I guess filming is finally over.

Although it was clearly something that came to mind during my regular network management and I just sent it Se-jin Lee was somehow happy and quickly responded.

-I’m sorry! It’s my fault for texting while filming. (Crying emoticon)

-Oh please speak comfortably! I’m not a great senior so I’m embarrassed to hear such respectful treatment from you!

After a while the ‘1’ disappears and a new reply comes.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: Thank you

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: You too take it easy.

“yes~”

As expected the hurdles are low as it is still before debut. Sejin Lee responded a little faster this time.

– Haha I don’t say anything! Thanks bro!

-Please change my save name to my cool younger brother Sejin haha.

And I realized it only after I sent it.

‘…What kind of over is this?’

It was a sudden move that made anyone think he was a fraud or a person who has no friends and cannot keep distance.

‘Ah why are you like this!’

The moment he was about to try to settle things a reply came right away.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: Okay

“…??”

Is this through?

‘Are you flattering me because I’m a senior?’

Even though I made a mistake I didn’t feel strangely bad.

But the reply didn’t end there.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: This is my first time with Sejin’s brother. I have Sejin.

This is some kind of nonsense again. Is it small talk?

-Oh that’s right I tend to have people with the same name!

Sejin Lee quickly thought of an appropriate answer and sent it. The feeling that I should finish the job properly and go to sleep has disappeared before I know it.

And the reply that came… was unexpected.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: I think you know this person. Even the last name is the same

“…”

I know too?

‘for a moment.’

A person with the same name that Lee Se-jin knows.

There was only one person who came to mind who was older than Ryu Geon-woo and who probably knew both.

And Ryu Geon-woo’s reply arrived one after another.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: He’s an actor and we decided to meet and hang out within a few days.

-Wise Ryu Geon-woo\: I think it would be fun for you to watch it together. What do you think?

Sejin Lee got up from the bed.
