---
title: "Chapter 387"
category: "book"
index: 386
section: "Chapter 387"
slug: "387"
---

# Chapter 387

“hmm.”

The message I sent just now has not yet received a reply.

But let’s see.

The idol group Gylob which Lee Se-jin is currently a member of was scheduled to enjoy a short break immediately after the tour.

You probably wouldn’t guess that I knew about that and contacted you but it means that you can make time for at least one day out of those few days.

But this is where the bait falls.

Actor Lee Se-jin of the same name.

There is a story that they are both popular actors and have the same name. It is a blameless choice for networking purposes.

It is worth raising the management priority.

‘Wouldn’t it be okay if I stop by the house and spend half a day the next day?’

…I guess you didn’t think about something like that.

This is Lee Se-jin who finds out the MC’s number in her first solo entertainment show.

Sure enough.

The turned off smartphone screen soon vibrated again.

[Awesome little brother Sejin\: Hahaha how did you contact me at the right time? I have a free schedule!]

[Cool little brother Sejin\: When do you think the date is?]

yes.

Liu Chengwu looks at the screen and speaks with a wry smile.

“You’re also in contact with Sejin. “You must have had a hard time.”

“…yes. “Not that much.”

It was the moment when I was about to reply that there was no need for trouble.

“Hyung Moon Dae! Let’s name my cool brother! “I am Cha Yu-jin a wonderful tiger…”

“Shut up idiot… Huh?”

…No this was just used as bait… Well that’s it.

“Oh!! Kim Rae-bin did you call me stupid?”

“It’s a mistake!”

Thanks to Kim Rae-bin who automatically became the center of attention I avoided the phone book becoming even more chaotic.

And a few days later in a private room at a restaurant in Seoul.

“So Lee Se-jin is coming soon? “You don’t remember anything?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin appeared wearing sunglasses a hat and gloves and when he sat down he looked a little nervous and was drinking water.

I don’t know what’s going on even though we shared a dorm together not long ago.

‘Well it wasn’t really right in the beginning.’

I don’t know if it’s because of the stressful memories I had back then.

Anyway I’ll have to wait another 30 minutes for him to come so all my tension will go away.

It’s because I met this guy a little early on purpose.

“By the way how is your company’s job?”

…I wanted to ask you what on earth you did to deserve the boss’s plaster crime.

And as soon as he heard the question Bae Se-jin’s face came alive.

“Well… not bad.”

“Is that so?”

“It’s just that… we renewed the contract to meet industry standards changed managers and made it impossible to skip scenarios.”

“…?”

“And I received a recording and a memorandum to prevent others from doing this to me anymore… so it’s not bad. Huh.”

“…”

Rather brag openly.

Anyone who sees Bae Se-jin says ‘I exploded cider like this!’ It is a face that shouts.

Are you coming? I opened my mouth obediently.

“That’s amazing. “There wasn’t even an article about it but it’s not easy to handle things so quietly.”

“Hmm it wasn’t difficult. “I just… handled it according to common sense and natural order.”

“oh.”

Is it time to tell you the method in detail?

“The president stole the company’s money and went on an away gambling trip.”

“…!!”

“And I have proof. “The video!”

He said he didn’t know it was evidence before but only found out a few years later when it was revealed to the media.

‘With this guy’s personality he must have run simulations of his explosions several times… ’

Still it seems that I didn’t meet a lawyer in vain as I was charged with plastering.

“Of course it would be good for society to report it to the police and handle it properly… but then you wouldn’t be able to do any activities for a while.”

“ah.”

Bae Se-jin fiddled with his water glass.

“Well… I need to help you get to the grand prize.”

“…!”

“For that to happen it is advantageous for me to continue to be active. still! “I think we have made it so that the president will never do something like that again.”

“…”

Me indeed.

He is like a guy who thought this wasn’t reality and then had no hesitation and came up with a realistic compromise.

“Thank you.”

“Hmm what? “We’re all trying to go back together!”

After that Bae Se-jin completely lost his temper and even talked about how he sent away the manager and the unscrupulous employee.

It’s not without its flaws but it seems to have good momentum and efforts to handle it in a meticulous manner so there doesn’t seem to be anything I need to do.

‘It’s okay.’

And originally they were going to change their name to ‘Bae Se-jin’ but there was even talk that they held back for the sake of recognition.

Ah now that I think about it…

“Is your brother’s biological father okay?”

That drug villain.

“…”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with a slightly shocked expression.

“…I heard you’re missing?”

“…??”

No how on earth was this world formed?

“Anyway I divorced my mom and everything is over! are you okay.”

“Um yes.”

If that’s the case.

The topic returns to the current situation and future plans.

“…okay! The movie will be released soon. Hmm good luck with your survival debut…”

dripping.

“ah.”

A knocking sound is heard from the room.

‘Not an employee.’

When I looked at the clock I realized who it was.

“Please come in.”

4 minutes before the appointed time.

Sejin Lee opened the door and came in.

“Hyung I’m here. Hello~ Hello!”

The guy with dyed hair hidden in a hood took off his mask and said hello.

“Welcome back.”

“Oh it’s close to my house so I came at the right time! “Everyone came early.”

My house is nearby. He probably waited nearby and came on time.

I sat down and motioned to the other side.

“This is Lee Se-jin. Learn.”

“Ah I’m really enjoying the movie!”

“Oh yeah.”

Bae Se-jin nods. This reminds me of Azusa.

“I was also impressed by the ‘Seahorse’ you filmed this time.”

Sejin Lee like a guy seems to have done thorough research beforehand.

“He seemed like a really scary medical student which gave me goosebumps. “I’m always amazed at how well you capture those emotions!”

Bae Se-jin who was a four-shooter psychopath answered this while nervous.

“Because I always act the same way… um yeah.”

“…”

For a moment Lee Se-jin almost fell silent but soon smiled and answered back.

“Ah you feel the same way because you do well every time!”

“That’s not true… but thank you anyway.”

“Ahaha yes!”

And it seems that Sejin Lee immediately discarded all career-related small talk topics.

However even after that all of Lee Se-jin’s personal questions were bounced back.

“Oh that coat suits you well! “Do you wear a coat often?”

“Um… the manager gave it to me.”

“The manager has a good eye.”

So Bae Se-jin who heard praise from the manager who came in this morning responds like this.

“…well.”

“…”

Since I’m not good at crushing public facts and responding with lies I keep keeping my mouth shut…

‘It’s ruined.’

I clearly admitted it.

These bastards are just… unfit.

‘In the end I am the one carrying the gun here too.’

“Let’s talk more while we eat. “You must be hungry.”

“…! Oh that’s good. “What did you order bro?”

After the Korean food course came out I started creating small talk topics that didn’t even exist in Palja.

* * *

‘Ah it’s hot.’

Sejin Lee was eating and internally evaluating the situation.

It was a bad idea to form a relationship with the actor sitting across from me.

‘Did you not want to come out? ‘Why are you like that?’

Actually I thought I could somehow become closer by talking persistently… but for some reason I didn’t even want to do that.

‘It’s not necessary to have actor connections.’

I had to wait at least a few more years before I could pursue a solo career in acting. There was no need for Lee Se-jin to be in a hurry… maybe.

‘…No I need to be more conscious.’

Looking at the team it seemed like it would be difficult to renew the contract. The thought of having to find a way to live within a few years was somehow bittersweet.

‘I barely have something like this.’

It was funny to do this. Still the team is doing well right now…

“The ribs here are delicious.”

“…! “Oh I can’t believe I didn’t know about this delicious restaurant!”

“I heard that fans post a lot of hashtags like that.”

“That’s right. Please upload a lot.”

When Ryu Geon-woo saw that the conversation between Lee Se-jin and Lee Se-jin was not going well he personally gently led the conversation.

He seemed unusually proactive.

‘…isn’t that right?’

I don’t know how much I feel like this after only meeting for the second time.

Well just by looking at it it doesn’t seem like an extroverted style. Sejin Lee just moved her thoughts to the next context.

Anyway rather than having to bring someone like that I’d rather just ask them to meet each other for some reason…

‘…No then maybe I wouldn’t have come out?’

right. He seems to have taken the time to introduce new connections.

I don’t know. Strangely the flow of my thoughts felt jumbled.

Sejin Lee didn’t show it but she was a little embarrassed.

‘That’s strange.’

Still the conversation continued. Because it was equally strangely fun… and comfortable.

“How was the tour?”

And when we moved on to topics about idols and survival programs deeper conversations automatically began to emerge.

“The tour is fun. My brother will do it soon too. You’re so good at it! The ‘Wise’ program is also very popular.”

“But when you actually debut the song and the situation are important. “I can’t necessarily say it will work out well but…”

Cho Chi is similar to that actor in listing facts but Ryu Geon-woo ends his speech with a smile.

“Still I hope it goes well. “I think it will be very rewarding.”

“…hmm. yes. “The stage is hard but it’s really fun work.”

“okay.”

Although the questions were asked like those of a survival contestant with an uncertain future they did not feel particularly poignant or persistent.

What should I say? People are simple.

“…My brother’s agency is famous for being good at giving tours. “It’ll be okay.”

So Sejin Lee may have started to give slightly more honest answers instead of well-coordinated relationship answers without realizing it.

Naturally the topic becomes more serious.

And then comes this question.

“Now that I think about it… I wanted to ask you how you feel when you debut. What do you think?”

When did you debut?

“It’s amazing but it’s also very hectic? “I was so busy that I didn’t have time to reflect on my inspiration.”

It’s true.

But there are also facts below that do not need to be said.

“…Well it might not feel like I thought it would.”

If you were expecting overwhelming passion a sense of challenge and the stability of being in the right position I would advise you to give it up.

Ryu Geon-woo asks quietly.

“Do you have any regrets?”

regret?

“Still I don’t think I have any particular regrets. Of course some… unexpected difficulties arise.”

It’s an element that can’t be helped since they already debuted together.

“which?”

“Oh well…”

Sejin Lee opened her mouth without thinking and only then did she realize.

That I am being very unnecessarily honest.

‘Why are you saying this… ’

And I managed to correct my words naturally.

“…There’s no easy way to make money right?”

“…okay. “I think that’s what I would think.”

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo did not inquire further. I definitely felt like I felt something strange but it seemed like some kind of consideration.

‘ah.’

Lee Se-jin was a little disappointed but also relieved.

‘…?? ‘What are you regretting?’

Then the actor who was eating diligently said something scathing.

“that’s right. “There is nothing easy about making money.”

“…?”

“People have to pay for food.”

suddenly?

I don’t even know when he said it but it was clear that he was older than him so Lee Se-jin just answered softly.

“Right… right. yes yes.”

The actor held the chopsticks so that the veins stood out.

“They just stick to their positions act lazy and end up doing things they shouldn’t do… People like that don’t deserve to make money.”

“Oh you can’t do that. really.”

For a moment Lee Se-jin was genuinely shocked at the idea of fighting back.

This is because I was angry because of the close examples that came to mind at the moment.

Lee Se-jin said calmly recalling the face of his child who drank alcohol the day before the tour and failed to manage his condition.

“There is such a thing as work ethics. And if there is such a person in group life the team suffers losses.”

“okay! No matter how good you are a good person who works hard is better than that kind of person!”

However despite shouting out energetically the actor suddenly flinched and added words.

“You might prefer someone who is good at something even if they are a bit worse or lazy than someone who is not good at it.”

And it is resolved quickly.

“Usually so!”

“…”

Sejin Lee thought about the answer ‘There are a lot of people like that’ but then discarded it.

For some reason I was a little upset.

No he responded like this… Does he think I’m the same way because he’s the first one?

“No even if I’m not good at it I think it’s better to be someone who works hard.”

“…okay?”

“That’s right. If we’re going to keep working together thinking about the future won’t the former end up doing well?”

“…!”

Sejin Lee came to a conclusion without realizing it.

“It’s better if you have someone to go with.”

It was cool.

“…”

The moment I learned it I almost dropped my chopsticks.

Why is it like that?

But he quickly corrects himself and mutters in a much brighter tone.

“…That’s right. “You’re right.”

“Is that so?”

For the first time today their conversation ended properly.

And Lee Se-jin slightly changed his mind.

Well… he seems to have a bit of an eccentric personality but he seems to be the type of person who has a vision when it comes to doing things.

‘That’s… not bad.

And Ryu Geon-woo who had been eating without interfering in the conversation between the two only then started talking again.

“Speaking of work how much practice is appropriate? Actors and idols have different fields.”

“Well isn’t consistency important?”

“…okay. “I guess there is such a thing as a habit that becomes ingrained in the body.”

And the conversation naturally progresses with all three people participating…

“…!”

for a moment.

‘…So did you intentionally bring the conversation this way?’

Because that actor opens his mouth in serious conversations. And even though I was so annoyed that I gave up on small talk I will have a serious conversation…

So that the atmosphere between you and the actor does not become any more strange.

“…”

Sejin Lee felt embarrassed for some reason and lowered her gaze to the bowl.

Even though I am young I am a senior so it was a bit strange to be treated with consideration in a situation like this.

But at the same time… I felt somewhat at ease. Should I say it feels reassuring?

‘Wow you’re saying all sorts of things.’

He eventually gave up.

It seemed like he just wanted to make his new connections his friends.

‘…Idol friends are good.’

Sejin Lee held back a sigh and put soybean paste noodles into her mouth.

It was delicious.

* * *

The meal we had with a person with the same name ended up going well.

As soon as Lee Se-jin left Bae Se-jin took over and made this evaluation.

-Even though he’s young he’s still a completely human being!

Of course it doesn’t end here.

-… But it wasn’t bad.

Meeting him in a different situation and position seems to have made him reflect on the things that were creaky during his debut.

He seemed to think that if the situation had been different the fight would have been resolved sooner.

[I think you two will get along better from now on…]

It could be so.

Anyway I saw Bae Se-jin off as he went to beat up the president again.

And I joined three other guys who went out to pick out Kim Rae-bin’s piercings.

“Have you met Sejin hyungs? Next time call me too!”

Cha Yoo-jin left these words and ran to buy pizza with Kim Rae-bin.

Liu Chengwu evaluated it this way\:

“Se-jin so the reason you bothered to meet Lee Se-jin… is to make it a little less disappointing when your memories come back later right?”

“…”

I put down my smartphone.

“That’s not it. “It’s convenient if you have a connection with a senior idol with a reputation.”

I know all the information but there’s nothing I shouldn’t use… He’s also a good fit.

Liu Qingwu was blank for a moment but then burst into laughter.

“okay! The gate is still the same. “Like Ravine.”

“…!”

“Ah the kids are coming. “I’ll bring some pizza.”

“no…”

This guy isn’t listening again.

Anyway I ended up spending that day at the officetel with these three guys chewing pizza for dinner.

‘What kind of meeting day is this?’

And I said ‘Would it be more convenient for you to call me Mr. Moon Dae?’ When I was making up a suitable excuse for Kim Rae-bin who asked.

New rumors and opinions about LeTi survival were emerging on the Internet.

————————

[Spoiler alert for those eliminated?]

ㄹㅊㅇ came out and Choi Tae-joon was eliminated.

————————

-???

-What are you talking about?

-Who is ㄹㅊㅇ?

└He who won the gold medal in archery said he was my relative.

-Why is he here?

-I can smell deep-rooted corruption…

With the plate starting to burn from a new ignition point a new filming of survival soon began.

…And a completely unexpected coincidence was waiting there.
