---
title: "Chapter 388"
category: "book"
index: 387
section: "Chapter 388"
slug: "388"
---

# Chapter 388

The day of filming 〈Wise〉 came back.

This time as soon as the president announced the honors and inferiors classes at the dorm without any cuts of him giving lectures on stage I went straight to the content I watched.

‘Not the stage performance where the eliminated contestants appear but the event for idols that takes place before that.’

The next person to hit after the public service advertisement photo shoot is…

“This event is a street guerrilla concert.”

“and!”

“omg…”

I think there was some kind of deal with the local government but this means that we ended up performing at a temporary stage facility in the middle of Myeong-dong.

[Oh that sounds fun!]

Viewers may think so. But from the participant’s point of view… well.

[yes…? Uh wasn’t this a repeat of the stage we’ve already done? ]

That’s right.

‘But the personnel has changed.’

There were some dropouts and new people coming in so there would be a lot of changes to the routes and parts.

“Next Friday at 6 PM!”

Look we’ll give you two days for the filming schedule.

‘That means it’s all night.’

[…Extreme job…]

Now that it has happened overtime work is confirmed this time as well.

Even if I or someone with memory can get there as quickly as possible we can’t go in early and sleep. The movement routes must all be aligned together.

‘Of course there are people who work more than me.’

This guy is talking to me as I unpack my things on the bed. In fact he is the one who leads the choreography practice in this agency’s debut group.

“Welcome bro. “I really thought it would come soon.”

“Oh thank you.”

Shin Jae-hyun who warmly welcomes Ryu Geon-woo who returned to the honors class with today’s photo shoot extends his hand without turning his back on the camera.

‘As expected you never miss an opportunity.’

I pulled out a cut scene while shaking hands with Cheongnyeo sitting next to me who had never unloaded her luggage in the honors class bedroom.

‘Does this guy plan to continue with this image?’

A perfect leader position who has never failed an honors class.

In fact if it were that consistent it would become a narrative and the characters would become stronger.

“The classes given in the program are just random moments. Regardless of that let’s work hard and think that we are all debuting together.”

“yes…!”

I wonder how many times that touching line has been used so far.

I spent two days watching him push other trainees to their limits while pretending to take care of them.

And on the same day.

[Oh…! A lot of people are already gathered?]

Wouldn’t it be natural to write that as a guerrilla and announce it 3 hours in advance?

It seems that viewers came running as soon as it spread on the Internet.

‘Even if that wasn’t the case quite a few tourists did gather.’

Since it is Myeongdong there were a lot of foreigners interested in KPOP.

It was a time when there was still a trend of preferring to select paintings that foreigners cheered. Maybe that’s what they were aiming for.

In any case whether it is the first time in a long time or the first time the participants are a bit excited in front of the open outdoor stage.

“Let’s shout slogans and go up.”

“Yes I am! Wise fighting!”

And then I go up to the small stage where my university’s violin concert was held just before.

Wow!

A raw shout. Unorganized peripheral reactions from cheering phrases to screams.

The smell of sunlight and wind.

The first outdoor performance in a long time had a different taste.

‘I feel like I’m running an event.’

Of course it was a strange feeling that the set list was filled entirely with other people’s songs rather than familiar ones.

And it seems I’m not the only one who felt that way.

Outside the backstage camera.

“I kind of miss it.”

Ryu Cheong-woo a 5-year-old idol who was the first among them to sing the theme song and fill in the team stage vacancy at the same time mutters.

Cha Yu-jin grumbles.

“I want to do our own song.”

They both have excellent speaking skills without mentioning the subject in case they are caught by the microphone. I nodded slowly.

“Hyung Gunwoo!”

“hmm?”

Kim Rae-bin who was warming up next to me whispered to me with a serious face.

Now that I think about it for a moment I don’t even remember this guy so he may have given me the impression that he was suspicious for no reason…

“Is it possible that the theme song may be suddenly removed from the set list?”

“…?”

“If the ‘our song’ that Cha Yu-jin refers to refers to a song for a common performance that everyone performs together it would be the theme song but it presupposes that the expression ‘I want to do it’ is currently not possible.”

“…”

“Then the conclusion is that it was excluded from the set list…”

I barely opened my mouth.

“It probably means that you want to do it quickly. “The theme song is played last.”

“…! okay! Thank you for your kind explanation.”

He is truly one of a kind. It’s a shame that the camera didn’t catch that.

‘If I had remembered I would have been tormented by a conscience that I wasn’t being fair.’

Even if Kim Rae-bin appears in the team draw right away I will have to wake her up only after this program ends.

Afterwards the mini concert continued for a full 50 minutes.

The death match stage with Jin Chae-yul while wearing a marine look was also recreated quite late in the film.

Of course it wasn’t a marine look but rather a baseball jumper but in the end it seems that the CEO compromising with the public’s opinion couldn’t remove the song from the list and added it.

This is indeed a capitalist decision worthy of the head of an entertainment agency.

Chae-yul This guy seems a little excited perhaps simply because he feels recognized.

“I think President Kim Tae-in also appreciated our performance because he saw it several times! You might like this performance as soon as you see it…”

“That’s right!”

The way he and Sinnoh are laughing is very similar to when they were in VTIC.

This guy seems to gain fans every time his bright-headed side is revealed on TV. It looks like there are no wrinkles.

Even when it was VTIC the data that captured this behavior well seemed to be expensive… Anyway there is a definite demand for it.

‘I think it will stick easily.’

After briefly concluding I came off the stage waving to the people.

And at the end of the performance.

“thank you!”

Kyaaaaaaaaa! Ouch!

As soon as the theme song performance was completed the number of people increased to the point where it became a hindrance to traffic. It is a crowd mentality where crowds invite crowds.

‘I think it’s fun to just cheer… ’

Geonwoo! Wow you look handsome!

Yes… thank you.

Anyway I reacted as soon as my name was called. No one feels bad when being praised.

After the camera received enough response from people.

Finally a surprise event that was not announced to the participants in advance occurs.

“We will welcome the passionate viewers who came to the Guerrilla Concert today to the podium~”

“omg!”

“Now?”

It is a surprise fan meeting.

‘I thought it would be like this.’

When I saw it before going on stage it seemed like they were selecting a few people and sending them forward.

“Hmm.”

“Welcome… just like this.”

I shook my head inwardly as I looked at the faces of the participants who were starting to get more excited and more nervous.

‘It’s been a while.’

After getting hit with a plastic bottle during my debut showcase I almost never held an instant lottery for an unspecified number of people for fear of getting into an accident.

Soon two or three people come up. And then each person goes towards the participant they are rooting for.

“Wow! oh my god!”

“You can come here and say hello to me.”

“Ugh!”

I walked up the stage and shook hands with a few people who came in front of me and gave them a quick hug.

Most of them were trembling not sure if they were excited or nervous. I guess it’s because it’s a public place. This… isn’t much different from when I was Park Moon-dae.

So what is the difference?

“Uh-huh you’re so handsome…”

“thank you… I will take good care of it…?”

“Oh I love it…”

The frequency of ‘handsome’ is overwhelmingly greater than that of ‘cute’.

And… they don’t even ask for things like ball cock.

‘…I guess it’s because it’s an instant lottery.’

Or maybe it’s because it’s a broadcast and not just a bunch of idol fans. I don’t know but it feels like they are being treated more cautiously.

In other words a little less comfortably.

‘…but I don’t have a good impression of Ryu Geon-woo.’

No I’m not saying it’s disappointing.

In any case the production team may have recruited appropriately but there were no unfortunate incidents in which people did not go to just one participant.

People also went to Ryu Cheong-woo whose appearance had barely been aired just before.

[This is something… when you look back years later and think it was an incredibly lucky experience right? ]

Hey you shouldn’t be here until a few years from now.

[oh.]

Whenever there was no one in front of me I would chat with this guy and wait for the next batter.

“We will welcome the last people~”

And when the three or four people who had waited the longest came on stage.

“…!!”

Among them I immediately recognized the first person to step onto the stage.

That person…

[uh? My brother’s fan!]

That’s right.

I mean… I’m a fan of Testa Park Moon-dae. How do you find out?

‘…Because it was the first cannon.’

At the Azusa production press conference she was the first girl who strongly asked me to give her a look.

And I also met him when I wore a dog mask and went to get certified on a billboard. It was hard to forget this much but I continued to watch it after that.

[Wow I can see it here too!]

…I know.

I re-strengthened the posture that I almost lost for a moment. And kept his expression.

‘If you get to know him he’s crazy.’

Let’s be quiet. Be quiet.

[I’m glad to see you all! I only did that when it was in the status window!]

Since this guy is making a fuss on his behalf there is no need for me to do the same.

And the fan walked towards the contestants standing on stage with quite brisk steps and came right in front of me.

And passed by.

“hello!”

…toward Jin Chae-yul’s seat next to me.

“I’m really really rooting for you. It’s so cute cool and the best. Chaeyul do whatever you want.”

“Ugh! thank you!”

“…”

I quietly adjusted my standing posture.

That’s how Ryu Geon-woo’s guerrilla fan meeting ended.

* * *

I knew it.

Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae have quite different impressions and no matter how much they blend together there is a difference in appearance.

Is it just appearance? There is also a difference in public image.

‘The demand is bound to be different.’

So there is no way that someone who likes Park Moon-dae will necessarily like Ryu Geon-woo.

[brother…]

It’s okay.

Coincidentally after the guerrilla concert there was a gap of a few hours to prepare for filming before the performance content began.

I just… Now that I have some time I just organize my thoughts.

Let’s become aware of reality.

‘This isn’t pure stupid.’

This isn’t reality so why did you naturally believe that things would go the same way?

And even if it were reality isn’t it up to each individual to decide whether or not they will continue to support their idol?

There is nothing more to think about.

…As an idol Ryu Geon-woo is not Park Moon-dae. Let’s not forget.

[I think you’re cool no matter what you look like! really!]

That’s because this guy is so selfless and greedless that he seems like he has no balls.

In fact even if you know that they are the same person you may only prefer one side. It’s not a real interpersonal relationship and isn’t it natural to support one-sidedly?

[Not necessarily! He will definitely have that feeling as an idol that only his older brother has and even if his appearance changes…]

“…”

A thought occurred to me as I was reading the pop-up message that was writing down words of comfort.

No matter how altruistic this guy is isn’t this… a bit excessive?

Especially considering this guy’s position.

‘You… don’t you hate the fact that I’m sitting in the same body that you passed the civil service exam for?’

[…]

Even if you don’t hate me shouldn’t you at least feel repulsed by this situation?

I’m using up both my bodies while I’m floating around without a body.

The pop-up is shaking.

[But… I really don’t mind.]

I felt a strange sense of discomfort as I quietly watched the pop-up appear one by one.

This wasn’t an attempt to console me; it was truly sincere.

And I also felt uncomfortable about it.

[Is this strange? I’m not sure. Isn’t it because I’m not a person anymore…]

‘You are human.’

I said right away.

‘A person who worries so much about others is not human.’

[Ah no we are not the rest. Thank you anyway…]

The pop-up seemed relieved and returned to its usual atmosphere but my mind became more complicated although I didn’t show it.

‘Is this a situation that can be summarized as the phenomenon of dehumanization becoming more severe?’

Maybe in this situation the only person I can talk to is me but even when I do they rarely talk about themselves so it may have accelerated even more.

‘…I guess we need to talk about it properly.’

But damn it my head is so complicated right now that I don’t know what to do first.

‘That’s pathetic.’

I sat quietly in the camera-free hallway lowered my head and closed my eyes. I was planning on doing that until my brain fully understood the current situation.

How much time has passed?

“I… are you okay?”

A low voice was heard. Are you a staff member not a participant?

There was a guy in the hallway who was mesmerized so I guess I just wanted to talk to him.

“yes.”

I nodded slightly indicating that I would go in when I came to my senses.

They didn’t bring a camera just because the condition looked bad… No if they were the broadcasters they would get away with it.

And as expected the sound of footsteps lightly running down the hallway was heard soon coming back again.

Did you bring a camera?

“here.”

But what blows in front of your face is… warm steam.

Smoke rising from steam.

I opened my eyes.

“I find it nice to drink a warm drink when I’m not feeling well or have no energy.”

I don’t know where it came from but I see a hand holding a white paper cup.

A black drink can be seen inside the steaming paper cup.

“Of course it varies from person to person… but the warm temperature is the same. “Try some.”

I took it and drank it.

…It was hot chocolate.

I raised my head.

“how is it?”

black hair.

“Even people who don’t like sweets say it’s okay in times like this. Would you like to try some more?”

Sun Ah-hyun in her mid-20s was there.
