---
title: "Chapter 389"
category: "book"
index: 388
section: "Chapter 389"
slug: "389"
---

# Chapter 389

I already knew how Sun Ah-hyun lived here.

‘Because it’s coming out.’

article.

Interview Magazine WeTube…

It is no different from reality that you can see Sun Ah-hyun’s name through auto-completion by just entering ‘Seon’ in the search box.

However the keywords are different.

…Because Sun Ah-hyun here didn’t quit ballet.

[Sun Ah-hyun wins Prix de Lausanne… The future of Korean ballet is bright]

[K-Syndrome in ballet? Sun Ah-hyun “I worked sincerely”]

After winning a prize at an international competition that only teenagers participate in he distinguished himself in various competitions and joined an overseas ballet company.

Because he was such a nice guy he became famous in Korea as soon as he got through the algorithm on WeTube and he was even filmed in a few commercials after appearing on a talk show.

So I thought there would be no chance of meeting Ryu Geon-woo unless he debuted.

The person in question suddenly jumps out and starts talking.

Without stuttering even once his tone was much more refined than that of the guy I knew.

“Would you like some coffee again?”

“…no.”

I feel like I got punched in the head. Fuck you.

I poured out the rest of the drink in my mouth and mumbled.

“thank you. “It was a good drink.”

So please go away.

“yes.”

However Seon Ah-hyun does not leave and sits quietly next to him.

‘What are you doing?’

I reflexively checked him. He is wearing a black neck-shirt that looks like casual clothing and his hair is not set.

If I came to the filming set as an idol I wouldn’t necessarily do it.

“…”

It’s not like I ever wondered why Sun Ah-hyun is in that state and not an idol.

Because I know for sure at what point in life there was a difference between Sun Ah-hyun who became an idol and this guy.

[Sehwa Arts Middle School Graduation List]

‘There was no Chae Seo-dam among my classmates.’

Seon Ah-hyeon here did not meet Chae Seo-dam in Yejung because their ages were different.

So I graduated without any problems and continued down that path majoring in ballet.

No room for deviation.

-Actually… I had body type issues to continue doing ballet.

This guy previously said he quit by talking about things like his feet and pelvis but it seems like there was also a mental cause.

Even though my physical condition has not changed I see that I am continuing to do ballet here.

‘…That’s why I didn’t even bother to contact you.’

In fact there is no way to meet other than in an extremely unnatural way and even if you do what kind of recommendation is there?

This is for someone who has already achieved professional achievement in a completely different field at a similar age to reality.

…Even if I try to awaken him he won’t just be confused.

‘I was just planning to leave it to its own devices and clear it.’

I folded the paper cup and put it down without saying a word.

Then suddenly a voice interrupts.

“I’m sorry if I interrupted your rest.”

“It’s not like that.”

Let’s make up an excuse.

“I was a little surprised. “I didn’t expect to suddenly see you Seon Ah-hyun in a place like this.”

I’m not even an athlete but I said it as if I was calling the national team but it doesn’t matter.

“Thank you for your concern.”

“Ah… yes.”

He smiled faintly and opened his mouth as if to say something but his smartphone started ringing in his pocket.

Grumble.

Then his expression changed to look a little embarrassed.

“If it’s okay can you keep the fact that you met me here a secret? “I made a mistake.”

“sure.”

“thank you. ah”

Sun Ah-hyun hesitated to retrieve the paper cup I had placed on the floor and quickly ran down the hallway while answering the ringing phone.

Even in the midst of this he looks back and even bows his neck so it seems like his inner spirit is still the same.

[Why is Sun Ah-hyun here…]

I held back a sigh.

‘It’s obvious.’

We met in the middle of the hallway on the set of a program that was in full swing and you asked me to pretend not to see you?

It means appearing on a program.

Not as a private consultant giving choreography advice but as a real special appearance.

For example… Yeah. Judge.

“The theme of this performance is ‘art.’”

Filming started again.

On stage the president is excitedly holding the microphone and speaking.

‘Singers can also perform special performances in various collaborations and commemorative stages. Therefore a meaningful stage must be able to be expressed properly.’ This is the summary of the long explanation that begins with ‘.

-We’ve recruited a special artist related to our art! Must use it!

‘I guess Sun Ah-hyeon is included there.’

And as expected before even announcing the randomly formed team the president introduced them by the name of ‘special judges.’

Starting with some kind of pop art master even the orchestra conductor entered.

“This is ballerina Seon Ah-hyun.”

“wow!”

I don’t know if it’s okay to invite someone like that in a program to create a male idol group but the president seemed excited anyway.

Cha Yu-jin slapped me on the back.

“Did you see my brother??”

“okay.”

I have eyes so of course I saw it.

Fortunately Cha Yu-jin’s fuss seems to be just a reaction for broadcast. Anyway the lineup was gorgeous enough to be used for an in-house agency survival show.

‘Is it because the broadcast went well that there was more investment than before?’

There is only one person who knows.

I looked back at Cheongnyeo but of course she had a calm and weak face for broadcasting.

And when our eyes meet he grins as if he is sending a signal of his appreciation for the special judges.

‘Are you even taking reaction cuts?’

He was truly a nasty guy in many ways.

‘Of course you can read it in other ways too.’

I called up the ‘Colleague List’ from the status window.

Now if you look at this you can get a rough idea of what that guy is thinking…

[Shin Jae-hyeon\: Working hard on filming (^-^)]

“…”

Can you explain this in more detail?

[Brother privacy! We must protect our colleagues’ privacy!]

Oh yes.

I quenched my appetite and turned off the status window.

Separately I felt that Big Moon was intentionally making a fuss with the pop-up. I’d be so damned embarrassed that I’d be stuck in the hallway before filming.

‘It’s okay now.’

okay. Filming is something I do by setting aside all of my time and space for work so it was nice to be able to exclude as many distracting thoughts as possible.

Since the sense of working is dominant you can only work towards your goals.

Thanks to this my head is less noisy.

‘Useless thoughts are prohibited from now on.’

I just ended it by saying it was nice to see someone I haven’t seen in a long time and it was my first home game… Well it seemed like I was having fun so that’s it.

Let’s end it like that.

I just waited for my team for the boss to make the announcement.

“The judges will also give you feedback as mentors so we will form a team under each judge.”

I got it bastard.

Then the participants are called one by one.

They were organized into a total of 4 groups of 3 but there was nothing special about them other than the fact that Ryu Cheong-woo and Cheongryeo were in the same group.

Until I was called.

“Ryu Geon-woo Jeong Woo-dan and… Jin Chae-yul.”

“…!”

“The mentor artist is ballerina Sun Ah-hyeon.”

“…”

From Sun Ah-hyeon to Jin Chae-yul.

‘I said it was okay because it was filming but they increased the level of difficulty.’

This team match looks like it will test my patience.

* * *

“Brother we’re finally on the same team!”

“I know. Please take care of me.”

“yes! “I will work hard!”

Jin Chae-yul seemed to be in very good condition. And he also explains his reasons.

“We really… I think the boss has changed his mind. “It’s the same with the guerrilla stage and the fact that we performed together again!”

Thoughts are free. And what if my condition improved because of that?

Of course it’s not like the real boss went beyond his tastes and fell in love with the marine look stage.

I checked with my team members and mentors again and came to a conclusion.

‘I gave it like this on purpose to destroy the marine look image.’

Since they were paired with a ballerino they couldn’t perform a stage with a light concept like before so they even added a main stage to set the mood.

In other words I think I’m planning to cover up the image that Jin Chae-yul and I have by choosing something more impressive than the previous marine look performance.

‘Your dream is big too.’

If there is a person in the world who appreciates Cheongryeo he would be the best. What kind of boss can make an agency successful despite being so stubborn about his tastes?

‘Anyway… am I the leader this time too?’

Since the other two are VTIC members it doesn’t matter. Both of them are probably yes men.

And wouldn’t it be nice to become a leader again and get a high praise from the president?

“Then let’s do our best.”

“yes yes!”

“yes.”

Naturally I grabbed a practice sheet and started planning.

First of all the song selection is to choose among the artists’ songs from LeTi’s agency and the collaboration is… dance.

…I guess so. Because my mentor is Sun Ah-hyun. Fortunately it looks like the agency’s experts and Sun Ah-hyun will take care of the choreography and specific arrangements and all we have to do is come up with the concept.

I opened my mouth out of courtesy.

“Is there a concept you want to do that fits the keyword ‘art’?”

I didn’t expect an answer but surprisingly Chae-yul raises her hand with a very determined expression.

“Ah… I was thinking about your opinion…!”

“…!”

VTIC… has an opinion?

Let’s listen first.

“Speak comfortably.”

“yes! Um… there’s a concept that my brother used during our last photo shoot! “That vampire concept.”

“…Well there is.”

The problem is that my hands and feet are shriveled to the point of being shattered.

I suppressed my sleep as I remembered the photoshoot that had surprisingly received a good response on the Internet.

“How about doing it that way? “When I think of vampires I have a feeling of elegance… and their dancing is also elegant…!”

“It sounds okay to me.”

“…Yeah it’s okay.”

No actually it wasn’t okay.

‘Why?’

I found the answer in a strange sense of déjà vu.

Dance and vampires.

And LeTi artist selection.

‘ah.’

This… is very similar to what we did in the first team match of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

-come to me

come to me

The paradise next to you is dazzling

That stage was the horror arrangement of Soft Sweet’s ‘To a New World’.

‘Should I turn the tide?’

But now the two VTIC guys are arguing with each other and leading the conversation.

Since they were given written guidelines of ‘what to do’ and ‘what not to do’ these people also began to open their mouths.

“Have you thought of a song?”

“I’m not sure… Should we find a song from our agency that goes well with the ballet?”

“Is this song suitable for ballet? If so I guess we can first write down the songs that used dance in the choreography.”

“okay! Brother what do you think…? Do you look okay?”

Here both accurate timing and sound evidence are needed to hit the first shot.

The problem is that rationally he knows that there is no need to stop him.

‘You don’t know.’

Everyone doesn’t know anyway.

Isn’t this the world that Park Moon-dae went to in “Azusa”?

I know. Anyway that stage doesn’t exist in this world. There is no problem with using it. but…

‘shut up.’

I don’t know why you’re whining so much. There is an answer sheet just use it.

Now that it’s too late and silence can be seen as careful consideration before strange editing takes place.

I opened my mouth.

“It seems like a good approach. “I’ll look for a song too.”

“Yes!!”

Jin Chae-yul’s face became brighter.

The guy said ‘I thought I had to be helpful this time. He said something like ‘Didn’t you go through a hard time alone last time?’ and then excitedly searched WeTube.

However even though I searched through all of LeTi’s songs there was no song that used dance in its choreography as much as 〈To a New World〉.

It will be so. It’s a song with soft dance without strong verses so it wouldn’t be strange to call it ‘toxic’.

“…”

But… I guess this is okay.

“I will also look for songs that I think will go well with dance if arranged. Then it may seem like a new attraction different from the existing one so I am a candidate.”

“Wow… Yes!”

I finished the selection process by finding four or five more candidate songs and listing them.

But an hour later.

Sun Ah-hyun came as a mentor and gave this advice.

“Because the rhythm of each dance is different I would like to recommend writing a song that uses existing dance choreography in terms of final quality.”

“Oh then… this song?”

Chaeyul carefully traced the song with her hand.

[Soft and Sweet – To a new world]

Sun Ah-hyun smiles and nods.

“yes.”

ah.

If that’s the case.

“How are you feeling Geonwoo?”

“okay.”

Let’s do that.

“I think it will be a great stage. “I will tell you so that the choreography can be done according to the tempo as much as possible.”

“yes!”

“thank you.”

He took the time to kindly and detailedly teach us a few movements.

And when I was going through the camera data before returning Sun Ah-hyun suddenly approached me and spoke to me.

“I’m sorry for just pretending not to notice. “They said I wasn’t allowed to talk to the contestants until the first filming…”

“no. “I was filming so of course it was.”

I reflexively took out a gift in return from the front pocket of my training clothes.

“Thank you for the hot chocolate. “It was a good drink.”

“yes.”

Sun Ah-hyun who received the glucose candy did not take a step even though she was in the mood to leave.

I don’t know why.

“excuse me…”

At that time a loud voice was heard from behind.

“Mr. Ahyeon~! Mr. Ahyeon?”

“…! “Oh I’m here.”

He must be an employee of Sun Ah-hyun’s agency.

I nodded.

“Then let’s go in and practice.”

“…yes. See you again.”

The guy walked along with the employee.

“…”

I turned around and headed to the practice room. To practice the soft and sweet song once again.

I didn’t think anything of it.

And the next time I saw Sun Ah-hyun was two days later on the day of the mid-term evaluation.
