---
title: "Chapter 390"
category: "book"
index: 389
section: "Chapter 390"
slug: "390"
---

# Chapter 390

If all the elements and keywords overlap the stage naturally goes towards similar results.

It might have been natural since Sun Ah-hyun did the choreography and I even took on the role of leader.

This performance is becoming more and more similar to the stage of the first team match of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

“Thank you for your hard work.”

“Brother here!”

“thanks.”

I wiped the sweat from my chin with a towel.

“Hyung I guess you’re good at this type of dance choreography! It’s really fast and the level of completion is already amazing…”

“I see. “You were lucky.”

Because you already know.

There was nothing I needed to learn about the revisions to the chorus choreography that I am currently practicing. Because it’s almost the same.

That’s not all.

A similar phenomenon occurs in arrangement composition.

‘…I didn’t know it would prove like this what a good choice it was.’

The expert chose a similar option to me which was my first team match at the time.

As the ‘art’ collaboration had to be completed in just one week there were more in-house experts than before to ensure stage quality.

And this is the feedback I received right before the mid-term evaluation.

“I think it would be nice to save the bridge a little more…”

“…yes.”

“Since the other two friends did a lot of the dance parts let’s handle it as a collaboration. “You go solo.”

My solo.

I did the same thing with Azusa. To appeal to the vocal stat it was arranged in a high register.

In fact this is nothing short of a sentence that the arrangement composition will be almost identical.

“how is it?”

“I completely agree…!”

But no one protests.

“…”

I relaxed my hands and opened my mouth.

“all right.”

However the arranger tapped his shoulder with a somewhat dissatisfied expression and blurted out something.

“Are you sick Geonwoo?” “Young child has no pulse.”

“…!”

It won’t work.

In survival appearing lackluster is a landmine that can lead to controversy over attitude.

Voluntary tax payment is best.

I immediately raised my voice.

“no! “I had some body aches… I’m sorry if my bad condition showed on the outside.”

“No there’s nothing to be sorry about… You should take good care of your body. Debut is just around the corner. “You know?”

“yes.”

And on the contrary the guys on both sides are whispering.

“I’m sorry bro. “I didn’t know you were sick…”

“Please at least drink some water.”

“no. “I didn’t say anything.”

I got some water from Judan and let the situation go. The arranger asks again.

“Then the bridge goes like that? “To emphasize Gunwoo’s vocals.”

“yes.”

Resistance is prohibited. From now on you have to show yourself on camera as a more dedicated person so there are no variables.

‘This is right.’

But this useless resistance was the problem. An unpleasant feeling that your skills are not working properly throughout practice.

‘Damn it.’

“Let’s take a good rest and come back tomorrow…”

“If you work harder now you’ll sleep better at night.”

“…yep.”

I finished practice that afternoon suppressing the crazy comments of my teammates who were concerned about my condition saying ‘Let’s work hard and finish early and rest.’

I can’t help but sigh.

‘Are you sane?’

If the camera is rolling and your skills depend on your mood isn’t it right to get rid of it?

Are you not doing it right? It’s hard to pick a comrade and I might have to use that reputation to improve my stats.

“Hyung what about your meal…?”

“I’ll leave after I finish this. “Eat first.”

After stretching for quite some time I headed to the restaurant.

After washing and getting an intermediate evaluation I plan to come back at night and refine it. I felt like shit.

Grumble.

Perhaps because it was not dinner time there was no one in the restaurant. Except for one guy who was using it like a reading room.

“Hello brother. “Sit here.”

Cheongryeo.

I immediately checked the corner of the wall and the dining table. The guy laughs heartily.

“There are no cameras. “But we can still talk right?”

“…”

I put some food on the plate and sat down across from him. The guy who was checking the notes on the choreography moves asks.

“You’re not sick are you?”

Since we were sharing a practice room I guess I heard something here too.

“Why can’t I check something when I know it?”

“hmm? “No I’m just checking.”

The guy closes the notebook and asks in a light tone.

“Isn’t this the first time you’ve used a piece of work that received a good response in a different context?”

“…”

“You seem to care a lot.”

How on earth did you do this?

These words came up to my throat but of course I didn’t say them. I guess I did it because I couldn’t not do it.

“Is that the stage? “The stage performed in the first team match of ‘Idol Inc.’”

“okay.”

“The first stage is very impressive. “I still remember it too.”

This guy’s first stage?

“Now that I think about it… I also did it in survival. “Here.”

“…”

“We have quite a few interesting things in common. “Isn’t that right?”

The guy stared into space for a moment and said nothing but then smiled.

“are you okay. Once you try this you realize it’s nothing. Are you saying this isn’t reality anyway? Rather it would be vain.”

“…That could be possible.”

I half-heartedly lowered the food on the plate to the side.

I can’t believe I’m saying this to this guy.

“But the problem is that the feeling of rejection affects your physical condition.”

“Oh my.”

The guy closed the note he was writing down. And speak quietly.

“Don’t practice anymore today and go to bed early. And eat well.”

“…”

“A person’s ability to think is surprisingly influenced by their physical condition. “Do you have any plans to manage it?”

I nodded my head slowly. The guy shrugs his shoulders.

“Okay… if you think you can’t decide did you think of an alternative?”

“Why are you doing that?”

chin!

I roughly put down my glass of water.

“There is a right answer and I can do it.”

“I know.”

The guy smiled and got up from his seat. And he pointed to my tray with his chin.

“Empty that and sleep.”

“…”

I nodded. The guy went out.

“after.”

I feel like I’ve lost my appetite which I never had before.

[You really need to eat rice…]

Wouldn’t it be better to just shovel glucose into your mouth rather than test the possibility of eating it and gaining weight?

[Is that possible!?]

I chuckled at the scary pop-up. I’ve sorted out what to do in the future but my condition has calmed down further.

‘Once you do it it’ll be okay… ’

The problem is that that expectation is also unpleasant. Damn it.

After a few minutes I put all the food on the plate on top. It wasn’t a very pleasant feeling.

And by the time I got up after putting away the food tray.

Grumble.

I hear the restaurant door opening. I didn’t really look but I heard the sound.

The voice.

“ah.”

“…!”

I turned my head.

The guy I saw two days ago is standing there.

Black haired Sun Ah-hyeon.

“hello. “It’s nice to see you again.”

“…”

I lowered my head and then raised it. But the guy threw up his hand.

“It’s okay if you don’t do that…! “I hope you can speak comfortably.”

“You appeared as a mentor but you can’t do that.”

“But we’re not filming right now.”

He smiled faintly carefully closed the restaurant door and came inside.

Why?

“Thanks to good traffic conditions and arriving early I was able to wander around and end up here.”

Is that so?

“Can I sit here too?”

I don’t think there would be any participant who would say no to their mentor.

“yes.”

“thank you…!”

I don’t know what I’m thankful for. It has become difficult to even get up. I was worried as I looked at the plate of food I had finished eating.

Then a soft voice is heard first.

“I enjoyed the candy you gave me. Because it’s a candy I eat sometimes too. Um to replenish stamina during intermission.”

“yes.”

okay. I remember this guy spitting out in the middle of the concert when it was time to eat.

Here… we’re talking about the ballet performance intermission.

There was guaranteed break time during the intermission so there wouldn’t have been any spitting in the middle.

“…”

“…”

The conversation ends with a short answer and silence continues. Still this guy opens his mouth again as if he has no intention of stopping talking.

“Actually when I saw him in the hallway… he looked familiar so I thought he might be someone I knew.”

what?

“But when I got closer I realized it wasn’t the right time to ask that. “You look like you’re in pain.”

“It’s called pain.”

Sun Ah-hyun flinched slightly but nodded.

“yes. You look in pain. yet.”

“…”

It seems like… I must have been in such a state of disrepair that I could read this and that.

‘On camera?’

No I made the excuse that my condition was bad so it will be okay. I did my best without missing practice and I never verbally abused anyone so that’s about it…

“You have no obligation to confide in me but… I still hope you find someone to talk to. “This is my counselor’s number…”

“it’s okay.”

Stop it.

“…yes. sorry. “I was too presumptuous.”

Sun Ah-hyeon’s face becomes blurred. I held back a sigh. And while I was trying to exhale I blurted out an answer without realizing it.

“It’s not presumptuous.”

“yes.”

“It’s just that… we’ve already done a stage with the same song and the same concept.”

“…This stage?”

“yes.”

I lowered my gaze.

“…This is my first performance with all my close friends who I can’t see now so I don’t feel like being the first to appear on TV with what I’m doing now.”

This is why I wonder if I’m sane even after saying this.

Sun Ah-hyun’s face became blurred. Do you see any similar thoughts?

“Then… why didn’t you tell me if it was so hard?”

Why?

“Because the results will be better that way.”

“…!”

“The response to that stage was good. “I’m not stupid enough to not use something that’s been proven.”

This reaction could be misunderstood as a month-end evaluation from another agency. I guess it doesn’t matter.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun looked at the table for a moment and said nothing.

But he soon spoke in a firm voice.

“Good results are not necessarily the answer. “The answer is to choose without suffering.”

“…!”

It was an unprofessional remark. However Sun Ah-hyun did not soften.

“Victory is not achieved only if you go against your unwillingness head-on.”

He hesitated and added in a faint voice.

“I… lived while ignoring my heart too much and it was painful.”

“…”

“And Gunwoo can definitely put on a good performance even if he changes his route. “There is no right answer when it comes to staging and interpretation.”

And it was sorted out gently.

“therefore. “It’s okay to not insist on suffering with the mindset that you must overcome it. An alternative can also be the right answer.”

I didn’t find the answer.

I will not deny that the content was shocking and that I was instantly taken aback.

But one more thing.

‘…I thought I was living well without any difficulties.’

A refined speaking style that does not stutter proactive communication in unfamiliar situations and success that is close to achievement.

He is the one who already has everything that Sun Ah-hyun was trying to get back from the original world.

Doesn’t anyone look like this guy is living well?

But why is this guy talking like that… or is he talking about heartbeat to a guy he’s never seen before?

please…

[brother?]

‘ah.’

The silence was too long.

I barely answered.

“…thank you. “I will take note of it.”

Although it was not an answer that she would do so Sun Ah-hyun nodded quite happily.

“no. “You must have been surprised that a stranger suddenly said something like this but thank you for accepting it as an adult.”

“no. “I was comforted by your advice.”

“Then I’m glad.”

The atmosphere barely warmed up. I was just lucky that the cameras weren’t rolling.

Sun Ah-hyun suggested this with a brighter face.

“And… our age difference isn’t that big. “You can call me as you please.”

“Then mentor please stop talking first.”

“Oh um… if you let go first.”

The guy smiled vaguely. I thought so.

And before I could say anything more the guy’s employee called me like last time.

“Shouldn’t you go?”

“ah. yes.”

Only then did he stand up.

“Even if the song changes I will tell you that we discussed it so don’t worry.”

He then said something absurd and left the restaurant.

Still I feel a little at ease because it was said by a guy called a mentor.

‘You don’t have to… ’

[Brother… I think Ahyeon is right. If you don’t like it isn’t it okay to not do it??]

That’s separate from shock. If necessary you should do it.

Deuddeuddeung!

The pop-up trembles like a jeer.

‘Stop it.’

I won’t change it to something like that.

Then this time it shrinks as if dejected.

[ㅠㅠ… Then you think it’s just a cover stage collaboration or something? No it’s not like we’re doing another Azusa with my brother! Just think of it as doing it with your junior!]

It sounds like nonsense but it was also a surprisingly persuasive statement.

Yes it’s definitely a different time and a completely different program. If you clearly recognize that the two are separate situations…

“…!”

for a moment.

[brother?]

okay.

‘You’re right.’

[yes?]

I was mistaken.

〈Azusa〉 and 〈Wise〉 are not the same program. Not only is the year different but the process and appeal to the demand group are also different.

‘In other words the evaluation criteria are different.’

Moreover aren’t the number of members together and the theme and composition of the performance different?

〈Azusa〉 Even if it was a perfect answer in the first team match there is no guarantee that it will be the same here.

And if we recalculate the situation taking that difference into account… Azusa’s first team fight is not the perfect answer here.

‘Ah… you stupid bastard.’

Do you realize this now?

[Um… Then?]

I came to a clear conclusion.

‘…I think I need to make some changes.’

[Oooh!]

I smiled and returned the tray.

The place where everything was cleaned was clean.

And before starting the mid-term evaluation we gathered the team members in the living room.

“Oh bro!”

“I heard you were taking a shower.”

“I have something to tell you.”

I spoke without hesitation.

“When I wondered why it felt so uncomfortable there was one factor we hadn’t considered.”

“yes?”

“Mentor.”

okay.

This time the mentor not only participated and advised on stage composition but also briefly participated in the stage.

Such as drawing pop art in the intro then exiting and appearing by tearing up the painting or even having an orchestra provide live accompaniment.

“Our mentor is a ballerina.”

“Right… right?”

“We have to stop him from eating us.”

There are no cameras in the living room yet. I spoke without hesitation.

“So we can’t do the same choreography. “The correct answer is that the two create synergy with different feelings making the stage more refreshing.”

“oh…”

They look at each other and Chae-yul speaks first.

“So… are you making changes?”

“There are some elements to delete and add.”

I closed my mouth for a moment and then opened my mouth subtly.

“Of course it seems like it will be a bit of a forced march until the end…”

The guy’s face brightened.

“are you okay. great!”

“Let’s try. what.”

It is indeed VTIC. I can’t be happier that the yes men aren’t going anywhere.

“good.”

I opened the notebook I brought with me.

And after the mid-term evaluation which was full of confusion and anticipation and worry at the sound of ‘it will be half-renovated’…

A few days later.

The day of the performance has arrived.
