---
title: "Chapter 391"
category: "book"
index: 390
section: "Chapter 391"
slug: "391"
---

# Chapter 391

The day when LeTi Survival presents an ambitious performance stage with the theme of ‘art’.

Stage backstage.

“Shall we shout some slogans?”

“yes!”

Following the teammate who responded loudly and held out his hand Liu Chengwu also extended a hand.

“Let’s do well on Team D where everyone is good!”

It was participant Shin Jae-hyeon who smiled and asked for a slogan. As far as he knows Cheongnyeo.

Although he was the leader of VTIC he was also the person who was now caught up in this strange situation.

‘I never thought we’d be on stage together like this.’

It was an unexpected thing for Liu Chengwu. The same goes for the situation itself where you return to the past and go to college with Ryu Geon-woo.

‘It’s like a daydream.’

I never dreamed I would face such a surreal situation. But I managed to accept it as some kind of different life experience.

The stage preparation with this VTIC leader went extremely smoothly.

‘Extremely… everything is used in the right place.’

From participants to trainers.

It was surprising. The process of putting together the pictures that were already in my head one by one was so solid that it gave me goosebumps.

Although it was a bit mechanical… it seemed like he was a more capable leader in commanding the stage than he was.

‘I need to train more on what I’m good at.’

Liu Qingwu decided to do so instead of smiling bitterly at his desire to win.

“Now you can wait.”

“yes!”

The manned camera that recorded the slogan leaves in search of the next batter leaving only the installed camera behind in the backstage.

Since their performance was the last Liu Chengwu watched the entire performance from the waiting room below.

‘Good job.’

Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin were torn apart and moved into different groups one by one each showing great contributions.

-Yeah!

He recalled Cha Yu-jin who was the center of the Action Paint performance and Kim Rae-bin who led the arrangement almost alone while chatting excitedly with the orchestra conductor.

‘Especially Ravin he’s really great.’

The growth was almost visible.

I felt that way even when I was doing Azusa but it seemed like I was definitely a genius.

“hmm.”

And the third stage right before them was about to unfold right before their eyes.

The stage of Park Moon-dae and VTIC members.

It was a combination that would have made people faint in real life but that wasn’t the problem now.

‘…I guess it’ll be okay.’

As soon as he saw the team’s first choreography in the practice room he remembered what Cha Yu-jin had whispered to him.

-That’s the stage! ‘October 31’!

The stage of the first team of “Azusa” was so impressive that Cha Yu-jin even remembered the team name.

‘I was destroyed without mercy.’

If we had been lucky enough to be on Ryu Cheong-woo’s team we could have been on the same team but that team was split with a single button.

‘I pretended it wasn’t the case at the time but it was actually quite disappointing.’

Liu Qingwu almost smiled vaguely as he recalled the memory of that time which now feels like a memory but he stopped.

This is because while practicing for this stage which was exactly like that stage I was reminded of Park Moon-dae’s condition.

To put it bluntly it looked completely dead and sunken.

-are you okay?

-okay. are you okay.

-Are you sick?? Where does it hurt?

-no. It’s not painful.

His complexion was at a level where he had no complexion at all.

What’s worse is that even though they were from different teams he and other testa members snooped around a few times.

However it was difficult to say anything as everyone (except Kim Rae-bin) guessed the reason.

Because you can’t carelessly say ‘what you should do’ about a stage that is not yours.

This is especially true for those who pledge while appearing on survival programs ‘I will definitely win the grand prize and get out of here.’

‘But if it had been like that for a few more days I would have tried to talk more.’

The situation has changed a bit since the mid-term evaluation.

Park Moon-dae changed the stage composition.

-There won’t be time…

-Still we think it’s worth the challenge.

As Park Mun-dae said that the light had returned to his eyes and he seemed to have regained his usual firmness.

It didn’t shake.

Cha Yu-jin neatly summarized her position.

-I think about Moon Dae too much. I need to practice doing less this time. We are watching.

Although Cha Yu-jin was one of the youngest members she was also a member who knew how to hit the nail on the head in unexpected ways.

So Ryu Cheong-woo decided not to interfere with Park Moon-dae this time.

And the results were scheduled to unfold on that stage now.

He planned to take a closer look at the stage where all the sets were installed slightly removing his upper body but…

“My brother is always good on stage.”

“…! yes. “That’s right.”

The leader of VTIC spoke next to me.

The other person who was younger than him now but could not bear to say anything was looking at the stage with quite joyful eyes.

“You prepared something like this.”

“…”

Liu Chengyu turned his head.

The stage that started was already projecting a snowy birch forest.

-…

A bell rings and a yellow moon rises on the slowly darkening stage.

And a ringing female chorus.

-Ah- ha ha Ah- ha ha

Beautiful minor harmony.

And in keeping with that unsettling chord a seal is revealed between the trees.

Three slim silhouettes wearing black hoods.

The limbs fall out between them. A short and intense intro performance with overlapping white arms clad in linen.

-Woo! oooo oo oo

And to the final chorus the three stand tall again. Hoods are passed one by one in order of formation.

The vocals that harmonize with the exposed white face resonate on the stage like a stream of water.

-It’s cold outside

Come here come in!

Let’s drink with us tonight

“…!”

It was Carol.

The English title of last year’s LeTi agency’s joint winter special album.

The retro carol reminiscent of the 19th century did not achieve great success among the public but it created a cult-like fan base on the Internet.

The classic and warm melody was transformed into an elegant and secret feeling when met with exaggerated orchestral accompaniment.

The reason that’s possible is…

‘The accompaniment is 〈To a New World〉.’

That’s right.

There was no restriction to only one song selection.

Instead of completely twisting and unconventionally arranging ‘To a New World’ like he did in ‘Azusa’ Park Moon-dae borrowed the accompaniment from the original song.

The dark melody changed to a minor key combines with the melody of an elegant orchestra representing a flower fairy to liven up the atmosphere.

And the song changes to a rhythm suitable for dance.

-this night

The sound of a bell outside the window

Ding-dong Ding-dong

The first verse is like a ballad.

The two members perform a performance where they grab Chae-yul’s waist and lift her while she is lying down. A big movement that catches the eye.

Ryu Geon-woo’s low-pitched chords which supported Chae-yul’s vocals are round and solid like water drops.

-Ding-dong Ding-dong

The first verse which begins like that is an appropriate mix of storytelling and idol-like choreography.

The participants did not smile for the sake of atmosphere as they were acting as vampires but they did all other facial expressions well with gestures.

Instead of screaming ‘I’m a vampire’ with fangs or blood makeup it’s an indirect way to infer it through costume style and choreographic gestures.

The hooded robe flutters like a cape revealing a costume with a fancy chain underneath.

-Beautiful winter sounds

Ding-dong Ding-dong

The voice of winter

The red lining inside the robe waves.

After the pre-chorus choreography in which the dancer grabs his neck with both hands and turns his upper body the group dance with its strengths and weaknesses controlled exquisitely unfolds until the chorus.

The dark and dense orchestra becomes grandiose again after the chorus.

-Tonight!

In the middle of winter

Lal lalalalala!

The moment the first verse ends with the three people dispersing their movements in all directions with an impressive pose of leaning their whole bodies. Above the subdued accompaniment.

A piano melody slides into the center of the empty stage.

-♬♩ ♪♪♩ – ♬♬♪- ♩

And what begins is… the verse melody of 〈To a New World〉.

Here a new character appears on stage.

A white hand appears from behind a tree in time with the music.

And soon he stretches out his arms and his whole body appears on the stage.

-♩♫

He is a black-haired ballerino mentor wearing a white costume that reveals his silhouette.

Light turn. And Grand Jotte.

The movement of jumping in the air is controlled so as not to be excessive creating a beautiful balance with the background like a doll in a snowball.

And a voice like a music box.

-Can’t you feel me.

On the left side of the stage Inyoung wearing a hood turns around again.

“…!”

Ryu Geon-woo.

He held the head microphone with both hands and sang the lyrics softly and softly.

-Your warm touch

It wakes me up it’s beautiful

spring garden

The lighting warms up to a beige color and the winter atmosphere disappears for a moment.

The perfect ballerino movements that look powerful and beautiful follow.

Arabesque.

-Umuum Umuum…

But it’s a moment.

At the end of the bridge bar the moment when the orchestra rushes into the song again.

The ballerino leaves the stage as if running away.

And in an instant the three figures snatch that spot again.

Performers in colorful outfits throwing their hoods and pushing forward.

Cold lighting fills the stage like it explodes again.

-Woo! oooo oo oo

And then the chorus choreography begins again. However this time a new movement was mixed into the movement line.

Turns and jumps like the ballerina did just before.

However it was cleverly structured.

‘It feels different.’

It seems as if it is imitating it but it is a dance-pop movement of a genre that is significantly different from ballet.

So that you can just feel the quality of the rushing stage as one without being able to directly compare the quality.

-In the snowy garden

in a teacup in a sugar bowl

The film is filled with provocative idol group dances and close-up gestures.

And a powerful ending.

-The bell rings

ring ri-ring

ring-ring-ring

The end of a static composition that flexibly turns the head in a different direction.

All the notes come together as one mixed with the tearing arrangement and high-pitched ad-lib vocals.

And finally the people smiling and looking straight ahead raise their arms.

-The winter is… in!!

The music is over.

And on the stage where all action stopped.

Wow!!!

Applause and cheers pour in without exception. Even screaming cheers.

good job!

People wearing robes adjust their posture nod and smile.

A dizzying intense and dark stage.

It seemed a bit difficult as if it was intentional.

If it were a different stage there would have been a risk of being criticized for being too experimental and ignoring popularity.

But this time the keyword is ‘art’

The expectations of both the audience and the judges will be slightly different.

“hmm.”

Liu Chengwu slightly turned his head and looked directly in front of the audience.

Sure enough you can also see the CEO twitching the corner of his mouth and slightly raising his thumb.

Like it was very good.

‘and.’

It’s fun!

Even though Liu Chengwu knew that it was his turn next he eventually smiled and applauded loudly.

* * *

The stage is over.

“Whoop.”

I took off my hood and held it in my hands.

It was fucking cool.

‘what.’

The feeling of liberation is enormous. Anyone who sees it will think that they have already won the grand prize.

I folded up the hood and sent it to the staff.

‘I passed it.’

I know it without even looking at the score. This worked. His head which had been soggy as if he was stuck in a swamp is spinning tightly as if it were a lie.

‘It’s a direct line.’

There is nothing like the stage adrenaline that comes with it.

I stroked my forehead.

“brother!”

At that time a guy in a paint-covered costume runs up and grabs his arm.

Yujin Cha.

“Brother you’re great. “It’s so cool!”

“100 million.”

No wait a minute… This bastard puts his arm around someone else’s neck and gives him strength?

Is this American football crazy guy trying to blow my head off? I managed to get out after repairing my almost broken neck.

Then I heard a quiet voice.

“Brother I will tell you in advance.”

what.

“You can use the stage you originally did with me however you want. “Never mind!”

“…!”

And he alternately points to his head and chest with the arm that almost broke my neck earlier.

“Our stage is here. And it’s in reality. Even if you use it in the multiverse it won’t disappear!”

“…”

“We must not forget that. “Okay?”

If I had heard this a few days ago I would have interpreted it as ‘so do it properly’ and would have been gritting my teeth and pounding my head against the wall.

But after it was over and my head was clear I listened to it… and there was nothing that sounded so right.

‘Was it me who was buried?’

I never thought I would be the first to taste it in this strange situation. I laughed and hit the guy on the shoulder.

“okay.”

“Then that’s it!”

The guy grinned.

“And I use it however I want. “Get ready to see!”

“Oh okay.”

I changed my clothes as I watched him being taken away for an interview.

And after a while the guy who finished his performance and came down spoke to me as soon as he arrived in the waiting room.

Liu Chengwu.
