---
title: "Chapter 392"
category: "book"
index: 391
section: "Chapter 392"
slug: "392"
---

# Chapter 392

Ryu Cheng-wu who had passed the microphone and walked over sat down next to the sofa in the waiting room and spoke.

“I enjoyed the good performance.”

“yes.”

And after a while he asks briefly.

“Are you okay?”

I chuckled. As expected this guy noticed it too.

“uh. “It’s okay.”

Even looking back now with a more rational mind it was funny. I can’t believe I’m getting so nervous just because I’m covering the first stage.

‘I thought it was a bit uncomfortable but I could have just used it to escape anyway.’

[No! It was a situation worthy of shock!]

Is that so?

Let’s be honest.

I am not the type of person who gets hurt by petty emotional fights. But now I understand why I was so stupid.

[what…]

It’s simple.

‘It was sad.’

Starting with the first escape from the home horse and continuing to prove like a proof shot that ‘you are no longer Testa Park Moon-dae’ my mentality was irrationally shattered.

That much… means that I am attached to that reality.

…No not ‘a little’ but ‘a lot’.

I crossed my arms.

‘…It’s my first time.’

[yes?]

And I admitted it.

‘It was the first time that my condition deteriorated because of something like this.’

[omg!]

It wasn’t like anyone had died or the landlord had scammed me and I couldn’t get my deposit but I didn’t expect to feel so helpless.

I opened my mouth and added.

“This won’t happen again in the future.”

Because it was the first time the response was inadequate. That won’t happen in the future. Because I knew how to control it.

[Oh~ What method?]

Why is this guy writing so loudly?

I declared calmly.

Is there something that you just don’t feel like doing even though there is no other solution right away?

‘Then you don’t have to think about it anymore.’

[oh.]

‘Don’t think about it just do it if the situation calls for it and if you feel bad enough to not be effective get rid of it.’

This is the fastest.

I can’t believe I haven’t practiced this simple truth. I nodded inwardly.

[Hyung… that’s really a healthy method right? [I think]

It’s my opinion so I do as I please. Got it?

[yes…]

The pop-up shook. And Liu Chengwu’s answer was heard at the same time.

“You could really do that but it’s still okay to confide in your mind when it’s complicated.”

When I turn my head Liu Chengwu makes a small hand gesture.

…It’s the Testa logo.

“Because we can understand each other. “Okay?”

“…”

[Did you hear??]

I nodded. Liu Chengwu just smiled without saying anything else.

I didn’t feel bad.

After that we went back up to the empty stage where the audience had left and filmed the finale cut for this shoot.

Looking at the president’s face it seemed like everyone liked this performance.

The participants were also a bit excited and the filming ended in a rare good atmosphere.

“Hyung Gunwoo! “I heard you had body aches!”

And I got ready to go home with Raebin Kim giving me a grandmother’s cup of coffee that was said to be ‘good for body aches’.

“…??”

For your information I thought I was taking care of this guy so I could eat it so I was going to refuse but a list of various misunderstandings that this guy might make when I refuse came to mind.

-Because it looks shabby!

-Because I don’t eat food prepared by others!

-It was late in the filming so I was afraid the deadline for eating Sujeonggwa would have passed!

…I clearly agreed. If I don’t want to have any problems with that old lady I’ll have to call her over for a meal or something before the next photoshoot.

So when packing you are putting even this water bottle in your bag.

Around me I can hear the excited sounds of the guys sharing the waiting room.

“Hey aren’t we all debuting together like this?”

“Oh that’s a bit much… I think that would be better than getting eliminated.”

“Oh this guy knows how to make some profit?”

For your information there is no need to go with Cheongnyeo since they are bastards.

‘What have you done in the past few years?’

I looked at the two guys who seemed fine so far then gathered my things and went out into the hallway. The others will be waiting in the lobby.

And this time it was the moment when I was about to leave the filming set.

A voice I heard from across the hallway echoes.

“Ahyeon please wait just a moment!”

“yes.”

…Seon Ah-hyun and her staff.

The sound of an employee running somewhere is heard and Sun Ah-hyun comes around the corner.

‘hmm.’

And the moment our eyes met he

I walked straight away.

“I was going to say hello but this is how I see you!”

“Oh yeah.”

I bowed my head like a participant who met a mentor who had successfully completed the performance.

For your information I thought this guy would give points to other teams’ performances but surprisingly he calmly scored points showing that he was able to maintain the honors class smoothly.

As a mentor he had the highest specifications.

“thank you. Thanks to you I finished the stage well.”

“no! “Thanks to you I had a really fun performance.”

Sun Ah-hyun slightly waved her hand and blushed.

“I rarely perform on stage using popular music in this way… so it was refreshing. thank you.”

“…”

Now stop thinking say hello and then part ways. Let’s go like that.

However Seon Ah-hyeon speaks again.

“And… I really wanted to tell you this but the revised draft was better than before.”

“…”

“I think you found a better answer. and.”

Sun Ah-hyun spoke her next words softly and carefully.

“Introducing the counseling teacher… I’m still okay.”

ah.

I have to ask about this.

Why on earth is this guy seeing a counselor here?

“May I ask how you met the counselor?”

At this level it would feel like a reasonable amount of interest and reliability verification.

I planned ahead to withdraw the question if he hesitated.

However Sun Ah-hyun answered calmly\:

“She was listed in my agency contract.”

hmm?

“After all arts and physical education is always a battle with yourself. Counseling is also included in the basic curriculum.”

“…ah.”

So… it was artist welfare.

‘Then what context did he come from when he said that he was in pain too?’

I looked at him to see if he was lying. In real life he was a guy that was obvious to the point where he couldn’t do anything but he can hide it pretty well here.

But there is no sign.

‘I’m not lying.’

And perhaps because she thought I was thinking about it Seon Ah-hyun added.

“Performers must control not only their physical condition but also their mental condition.”

“Um yes.”

“So if you want I will contact you in advance. Well… you can probably get about 5 sessions for free.”

“…”

It wasn’t until I got there that I realized what I was seeing when I saw Sun Ah-hyun’s smiling face.

This… I see.

‘I made it sound like pain on purpose.’

By lowering the hurdle by forming a consensus the depressed person can talk about his difficulties and feel at ease.

‘I can’t believe you didn’t notice this.’

I looked at him with somewhat confused eyes.

Wait a minute… doesn’t that mean this guy is just extremely healthy?

This means that you are building your career by receiving as much care as you can.

[Is… Is that so?]

okay.

He has the composure to talk to and show favors to strangers who seem complicated.

The tension melts away.

‘I am indeed.’

“…it’s okay. “Actually someone was recommended to me by a friend in advance.”

“Ah… I see.”

I guessed excessively without any basis. It seems like the accident happened because my condition wasn’t that good. I clicked my tongue and withdrew all my assumptions.

Sun Ah-hyun asked again with a smile on her face.

“Then… shall we exchange greetings sometimes?”

“Good.”

I entered the number into his smartphone without any problems. Isn’t it funny to refuse here? It’s not like throwing gloves in someone’s face.

‘Anyway if I leave the country to do ballet I won’t have to see you here in person again.’

Wouldn’t it be better to go back to reality and take a look?… I honestly don’t know if the guy who lives here would welcome that.

‘Well you only have to worry about things like this after you win the lottery.’

Even though I can’t even pick it up I still end up with kimchi soup. I immediately stopped thinking.

‘It means controlling it in this way.’

It’s going well.

I shook hands with him out of habit just like I did with people in the industry I exchanged contact information with. I nodded.

“Then I’ll just go in. “Good luck to you mentor.”

“I’m not a mentor anymore so you can call me as you please.”

A persistent guy. I didn’t know I would have to call you by this name too.

“…Then brother please go home safely.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiles brightly and nods.

“yes… If you have any concerns please feel free to contact me at any time.”

“You’re being too generous to someone you’ve just become an acquaintance of.”

Sun Ah-hyun had a blank expression on her face and then smiled slightly.

“I just want to do that.”

Yes he’s still a fanboy and nothing has changed.

That’s how I got contact information with ballerina Seon Ah-hyun that I could communicate with without having to draw a partner.

[Seonahyeon hyung]

…although the save name was like this.

[Oh brother! lobby!]

“ah.”

yes.

After breaking up with Sun Ah-hyun I immediately went out to the lobby.

And before I could even get to the front door I was caught again.

“Hyung Gunwoo! “Are you coming in?”

The two people who were teammates in this team match.

It is the main dan and the chaeyul.

“okay. “I’m on my way in.”

I was a little tired after talking to so many people today. But I couldn’t treat the guys who had just performed with me poorly so I stopped.

‘Do you want to talk about the stage?’

Then the two bow their heads deeply.

And Jin Chae-yul says this.

“Thank you for always leading us well even though you are not feeling well! Next time I will become a more reliable team member.”

Judan adds.

“Even more so when I debut.”

“That’s right even more so when you debut!”

“…”

I’m sure he wasn’t very happy about my condition but why would he even say thank you?

Moreover the composition I requested while revising was so important that expressiveness was difficult even for those who had already debuted.

It would have been difficult for those whose abilities had not yet fully improved to follow but they just kept their mouths shut and followed diligently.

‘…They are guys with good guts.’

I opened my mouth.

“…It was a lot of hard work. “I will take good care of myself and come back healthy from now on.”

“…! yes!”

I will admit it. They were guys worth working with.

I looked at Jin Chae-yul who was laughing as if her cheeks were bursting.

Maybe the home team will watch this performance because of this guy… but wouldn’t it be better to like someone on my team?

It’s better than not watching my performance at all.

“The stage was really good too. Thanks to you it was fun. thank you.”

“haha…”

“me too.”

Even without consciously stopping my thoughts my mind was surprisingly at ease.

“I hope our performance airs soon! Oh shall we watch it together?”

“No that’s a bit much.”

“Ah… I’m sorry.”

“No it airs after we start filming.”

“Hyap.”

I just laughed it off. Anyway I have to debut with these guys now but… I didn’t think life would be that hard.

And when I finally started returning home 〈Wise〉 had already aired in full including the guerrilla concert episode.

‘I guess I’ll have to check public opinion.’

As we have been away from smartphones for a while inspection was essential. I immediately got online.

And I was embarrassed.

-Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy? Brother Ryu are you crazy?

-I found the perfect combination. It was Ryu Geon-woo and Cheongwoodan. When I added Jeongwoodan my face turned around.

-Wolf Ryu Cheong-woo Husky Ryu Geon-woo Arctic fox Chae-yul… We decided to call this the Gangjwisang Spectrum.

-Thank you for being an idol. I really… love you.

“…”

I thought I was going to be criticized for a long time because of the club memo and the corruption of blood ties and all. It’s already a party atmosphere where no one has been eliminated.

Even all kinds of participants had accounts with their faces as profile pictures.

All viewers including you are putting up placards for Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘what.’

I immediately went to the search engine.
