---
title: "Chapter 393"
category: "book"
index: 392
section: "Chapter 393"
slug: "393"
---

# Chapter 393

There was a pile of reactions to the episodes that aired on the Internet. Let’s sort it in chronological order and drive.

First of all it’s episode 7 but before that let’s take a look at basic public opinion.

This is the ecosystem after episode 6 when the sexy keyword concept stage completed by Cheongryeo picking up Ryu Geon-woo an outsider was aired.

-A stage that seems to shout that this is the essence of Leti.

-This is the first time in my life that I have ever been jealous of the stage floor…

-If I just debut like this my savings will be taken away. Why are you doing survival? Let them all debut.

-The most surprising thing is that there are two new trainees from the Bojung class on this stage. The color of the agency is very clear and the leader named Shin Jae-hyun who carries it out perfectly… [See more]

To be honest I thought there would be more peripheral reactions because I used keywords like sexy but at this point analysis comments about the stage occupied the top spot.

‘It means there are a lot of people who come back and keep watching.’

And it means that there are many people who give narratives. It also means that the group’s image is gradually improving.

‘Cha Yu-jin was also completely accepted.’

The fact that Cha Yu-jin who used to be a heterogeneous person completely accepted Letty’s color creates a synergy and creates an influx of people to the stage itself.

Yes viewers were already predicting the debut member lineup by this time.

-The 9 members of Kim Tae-in’s debut group that I expected to pick (photo)

-The key question is who will be added. Will the president stick to his own stubbornness or will he pay attention to the public?

└Please vote quickly so that President Kim Tae-in can take notice (Link)

After the program more and more people began to trace the outline of the debut group. Even the aggro announcement at the end of episode 6 about the appearance of the public support supplementary team didn’t really work.

Everyone thought of it as just a passing obstacle and focused on existing participants.

But episode 7.

Liu Chengwu appeared.

-omg

-That was a spoiler.

-Is this crazy Geon-woo’s relative? What did everyone know? Am I the only one who doesn’t know?

At first everyone was surprised by the unexpected new face of a big name in another field but it was also very exciting.

…I think my reaction also played a role.

[From now on let’s see the person’s reaction when a relative who was living alone suddenly appears on set as a participant.]

A cut from my interview appears above the subtitles flowing in red letters.

[Ryu Geon-woo\:… So.]

[Ryu Geon-woo\: (unable to continue speaking)]

[It took a day for Geon-woo to regain his fluency in speaking.]

‘Damn it.’

I knew it would be like this those guys at the broadcasting station… The exquisite close-up of the stupid-looking face mixed with the interview cut of a similar-looking person made it a good entertainment cut in a tense atmosphere.

– Hahahahaha I guess the shock was severe.

-Ah Gunu is cute but I guess I was too. Actually even now what’s going on?

└Gradient confusion

-How did you really come here?

And with Ryu Cheong-woo’s honest interview and the serious and cooperative preparation process the on-air response was favorable.

That is until spoilers spread widely.

————————

[Have you seen Letiserva?]

Is it true that Ryu Cheong-woo gets in and Choi Tae-joon falls out?

————————

-??

-That kind of thing doesn’t happen unless the boss goes crazy.

└The eliminated candidates were selected based on audience voting scores…

└Huh

-Oh no way… this isn’t real.

However until this time public opinion was that it was a fake spoiler or a mess so it seemed like it had managed to stay under water due to tension.

And viewer public opinion which was unexpected exploded only after episode 8 was aired.

-You got all the spoilers right crazy.

-I was sad when he dropped out of national college and went to college but now that he’s even an idol I wonder what he’s doing.

-Honestly who is to blame for this shit? Haha Genius &lt;- To be honest their friends pushed this too.

└Look at what they say to the eliminated candidate. Do you know this is a malicious comment?

└Kkkkkkk seizure so transparent~

-What can we do about the fact that Ryu Cheong-woo was so good and performed well on stage?

└Think carefully about whether you would have said this even if you were not on the same team as Ryu Geon-woo.

The general opinion on the negative side is that I was so good that my relative Liu Chengwu got on the bus.

Ryu Geon-woo’s spirit of challenge jumping into the main vocal VS main vocal battle was an appealing character in survival.

However it is also suspicious that Ryu Cheong-woo chose that team…

‘I thought there would be side effects.’

In fact there was an atmosphere that went beyond the line to talk about manipulation and deep-rooted corruption but it turned around again as even the public not just viewers questioned this aggro.

-Wow Ryu Cheong-woo is trying to become an idol? lol

-When did Maknaeng grow so much? He’s still so great;

Because Ryu Cheng-wu is a gold medalist.

‘Public favorability is unconditionally high overall.’

Even if 〈Wise〉 is doing very well it is only an idol survival entertainment show. There is a gap with the general public.

-So you’re criticizing me for winning the vote?;;; Wow bizarre

-Ah this crossed the line.

-This is the problem with Idols especially Reti’s. It’s so bad… They’re even beating up the national team that won gold medals just to support idols in their life.

Thanks to this even people who didn’t watch the program joined in and it almost became a mess… but the self-cleaning effect worked to some extent and the people who were criticizing it were suppressed.

Still resentment was seething beneath the surface…

This happened before the guerrilla concert.

[Wise Taejun Choi video moxibustion]

Club memo capture video of this guy drinking and smoking.

A person who had a birthday party at a bar was found to have captured a few seconds at the end of a video posted on social media a few years ago and was pulled up.

Comparing it to the guy’s appearance at the time I couldn’t even get away with it and even verified my identity.

-and…

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

And everyone coolly changed their stance.

-Foresight came true

-Kim Tae-in wins 1st time

-The audience’s insight is top notch in Korea. I reflect on my ignorance and ignorance.

-Wow I avoided this.

Now if it had exploded in the middle the fans’ heads would have exploded in pain.

Choi Tae-jun is good and has a lot of fans and since he is the president’s pick he is unlikely to be eliminated.

You spend the whole night in pain afraid that your boss will somehow try to take you away.

Moreover if a contestant issue arises it will have a negative impact on the image of the program as it is an in-house survival event.

‘But this ended up being something that Ryu Cheong-wu had cut off by sniping right before.’

Thanks to you I am treated like a hero.

-Brother Ryu… how far have you seen?

-Looking at it now I think it’s Gookdae’s Letty-san. Anyway that’s right.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋ It’s brainwashing!

Because the reevaluation was so fun fans of all the contestants were so excited that they added friendly words.

‘For some reason there are a lot of fans who are not involved in the Club Mevoran program at all.’

I think I was having the most fun in the camp that didn’t say anything about this situation.

In addition the game ended with a fancam of Ryu Cheong-woo flying around having regained his tester skills at the Guerrilla Concert uploaded.

-Is it possible to improve your skills like this…?

-Okay let’s both become idols.

-I almost lost it to archery I understand.

Now Liu Chengwu will no longer have to be ostracized at least until the finals.

‘It’s neat.’

As if someone had painted a picture.

“…I am indeed.”

And who on earth could draw a picture here?

[Shin Jae-hyun\: I am delighted with the smooth progress (^-^)]

This guy’s good at it.

As soon as I checked my list of colleagues I made a call.

[Shin Jae-hyun\: Answering a call from a colleague (^▽^)]

Soon the call was connected and I asked directly.

-Well didn’t you ever think that it would have exploded around this time?

“well. “If the timing is so exquisite someone must have made it exquisitely.”

I hear laughter on the other end of the phone.

-You can see it that way.

In fact he was no different from a poet.

“How did this not explode in the first place?”

-Originally… I don’t know. Could it be that the person who uploaded the video had his account hacked for some reason and quietly disappeared?

Oh I see how it came back.

This guy seems to have managed VTIC properly even every single controversy. So I guess he was in the first team for 10 years.

‘That’s acceptable.’

I thought for a moment and then asked amicably.

“It’s the program finals soon. Is there anyone else you can send?”

-Oh you want to try it yourself?

“There’s nothing you can’t do.”

The guy laughs and then answers.

-There is one but I think it will be balanced if it is naturally eliminated from the program.

“Who is it?”

-well.

what?

-Because what I do is neat. I’ll leave the fun of guessing to my juniors.

He was truly a bastard who always treated people like people. If it were in front of me my fist would have gone out.

-Then take a good rest and see you in the practice room.

“Be prepared to talk.”

-haha.

And then the phone hung up.

‘I’ll have to make it blow before we start filming.’

I gritted my teeth and closed the currency page.

Then message pop-ups that you could not see before appear on the screen.

– Bae Se-jin\: You worked hard I still remember that choreography.

This is evidence that the person who heard about this shooting contacted me and had a brief conversation.

The following is the message I just received.

-Awesome younger brother Sejin\: Are you finished filming? How was the Guerrilla concert? Haha

Sejin Lee.

It seems like they contacted me just in time for the end of filming.

Last time I asked a few questions about the tour this question came up.

I responded appropriately.

-It was a bit short but it was fun.

-Cool little brother Sejin\: That’s right haha

-Awesome little brother Sejin\: But it’s so short and you’re so ambitious lol Aren’t you going to fly when you debut?

Are you saying we should put some gold on each other’s faces?

I smiled and replied.

-You really fly around on tour.

Replies pour in immediately.

-Cool little brother Sejin\: Oh the correct answer (firecracker emoticon) Sejin does it a little lol.

-Awesome little brother Sejin\: Oh that’s right a video of our tour is coming out? tomorrow!

-Awesome younger brother Sejin\: If you have time at night will you watch it together? Haha I want to hear your thoughts on the guerrilla concert.

hmm?

Given the terms of this guy’s management I think it’s okay even if I haven’t seen it yet. I thought the promise story would come out only after the finals.

‘Well… the filming is over right now so there’s no need to refuse.’

This guy is also good at reading public opinion so while watching 〈Wise〉 I may be able to catch some things that I didn’t fully understand.

I responded calmly.

-If you can make time.

And the appointment was made quickly.

Like last time the time is unclear and I’m worried about eyewitness accounts so the place is either that guy’s house or my house.

Well except for the guy who lives in the dorm… that actually brings us to the conclusion.

Ding dong.

“hello~”

9 o’clock at night. Sejin Lee came to the officetel with a gift set.

Of course I wasn’t the only one at home.

“hello. Oh I heard you’re living together! “I am enjoying the program.”

“Welcome!”

“hmm.”

“…?”

Beyond Cha Yu-jin who is waving excitedly Ryu Cheong-woo looks closely at a team member he hasn’t seen in a while and grins.

“Have a good time. “Ah is it okay to say this because you are a senior?”

“Ah~ Take it easy! “I know you’re my brother.”

“Haha really? thank you.”

Sejin Lee handed over the gift set and entered the officetel. And when he came up to the living room sofa he made a social comment ‘The house is really cool.’

“If you do this the sofa backrest will go up.”

“Remove the cushion.”

“…Ah~ Yes! okay.”

As I reflexively adjusted my preferred style an expression of “How on earth did I know?” almost passed over his face.

Still Lee Se-jin successfully took care of the situation and continued chatting amiably but soon Ryu Cheong-woo and Cha Yu-jin stood up.

“Then we’ll go grocery shopping.”

“If I find something delicious eat it!”

Since I am in charge of making late-night snacks they decided to take care of the supply of ingredients.

“Hey if it’s okay can I order some for delivery?”

“It’s totally OK~ Enjoy!”

Cha Yu-jin simply answered Lee Se-jin and the two left.

Tiririk.

Lee Se-jin looked at the closed front door and reacted appropriately and politely.

“Oh my… I’m sorry.”

“Don’t worry it’s more like that than when you came here.”

I chuckled.

“Let’s go on a tour.”

“Umm is that right?”

Sejin Lee neatly changed his stance and actively operated the device.

The Blu-ray disc he brought plays and the video successfully appears on the TV screen.

[GY-ROP – FIRST DROP \: THE OPENING CONCERT]

“Oh you put the letters in really big letters~”

“It’s okay because I can see it well.”

And the first song to be performed in a fairly large concert hall.

“oh.”

After the opening of a hip-hop bass song with an intense beat a light reggaeton dance song follows.

I lifted my chin.

‘It’s a choice that shows the group color.’

It is a typical style that combines a rebel style with sharp group dance. Still the quality of the song and choreography was good so I thought there would be a lot of fans.

“You’re good.”

“Ahaha… thank you.”

Although Lee Se-jin speaks naturally and brightly he looks at the screen with rather quiet eyes.

He doesn’t look like a guy who got excited and brought his own video.

I understand why.

‘I heard you were flying alone.’

It was funny. This guy tends to be obsessed with overall balance in group songs. Thanks to this it was his daily routine to grab Cha Yu-jin and pull Bae Se-jin up during choreography practice.

That means…

‘Those bastards are dancing so loudly that you can see them.’

In the name of doing a live performance I’m trying to control the choreography less. So if Lee Se-jin dances according to the rules it falls apart. Because the movement alone looks big.

Since he is already a big guy I could see him being conscious and careful but as the song progressed he became more immersed and his movements became bigger again.

Moreover in the unit songs performed by the three… you can even feel the difference in quality.

[Yes forward forward! Just further forward~]

After confirming that the guy was almost skipping the choreography of lying down while pretending to make a gesture I asked him outright.

“Wasn’t it a waste?”

Of course they would say no but since it feels better to talk shit the person listening will probably do the same…

“What a waste.”

“…!”

It was a dry voice.

But he became cheerful again one after another.

“…My older brother was a little sick at that time~ So it was a performance where we both felt a bit disappointed!”

I nodded.

“…okay.”

“…”

There was a short silence.

“Ah~ Still it’s embarrassing to keep showing my performance to my brother like this. Do you want to drink? “My brother is non-alcoholic… ah.”

The guy stopped talking. The moment I stopped moving too.

“Isn’t it? Ah I thought I heard that last time. “I’m sorry~”

“…”

I moved again.

“No non-alcoholic is better.”

“Oh really? “Then shall I bring it?”

“But he’s not home.”

The guy explodes.

“Ah bro what is that!”

I brought out a drink. Sejin Lee accepts it quite politely.

“Ah thank you~”

“what.”

The atmosphere relaxed again. I sat down and looked at the Gyrop tour video again.

And then I remembered.

These guys used to work together but now work in different places.

Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun.

And the person on screen… Keun Se-jin.

“…”

In fact rationally speaking we have already come to a conclusion.

‘There is no point in turning the lottery anymore.’

Unless Kim Rae-bin appears it would be better to try a cheat-level trick that dumps awakening points on me and makes all my abilities EX.

But still.

‘I’m pissed.’

I saw a cub from the same group struggling over there feeling out of place and limited.

Wouldn’t it be better for you to know your true situation?

‘There’s plenty of room.’

Because reputation points are steadily coming in.

After a moment of conflict I opened the status window. And with an inconspicuous movement I repeatedly pressed the pop-up “Friend Draw” button 10 times in a row.

light light light.

But what happens if Sun Ah-hyun appears?

‘I don’t know fuck!’

Then go and think about it.

Starlight continuously splashes around the screen of Gyrop’s tour.

[I think we spent about 100000 points…?! 100 times!]

Is that so? I kept pressing.

And I guess I pressed it about twelve times.

[Huh?]

A strong light finally bursts out of the pop-up.

A light so strong that it obscures Gyrop’s tour screen.

And the stars displayed in the status window.

[Hu~]

[★★★★★ Sejin Lee / Main Dancer]

“…”

pulled out

[Do you want to face it like this? ]

The status window asks\:

I opened my mouth with my eyes on the drink.

To Sejin Lee.

“I’m just saying.”

“huh?”

“If there’s more to your success somewhere that you haven’t noticed.”

“…”

“So… what if there is another result of your efforts and you don’t notice it?”

I asked.

“If there was a way to find out wouldn’t you want to use it?”

“uh.”

“…!”

The answer comes back without a moment.

I looked back at him. Sejin Lee looks at me without expression.

“Try it.”

“…”

“What is that?”

I stretched out my hand.
