---
title: "Chapter 395"
category: "book"
index: 394
section: "Chapter 395"
slug: "395"
---

# Chapter 395

A step-by-step aggro and survival story.

A new contestant with a unique color that is not typical of an in-house survival show was introduced and a stage with a strong color that made people say ‘It is truly LeTi.’

The attitude of viewers ahead of the finals of “Wise” which became a hit by word of mouth as a fun survival show even though it wasn’t “Azusa” level was as follows.

-Why did you receive a replacement viewer vote? It has never been written down until now.

-Hahaha the production crew forgot.

It was speculation about the whereabouts of viewer votes that disappeared at some point.

-If you don’t use it until the finals you’ll be a legend.

-If the president gives a score is there a correction value added to it?? I think it’s a role that gives the same thing haha.

-Let the president check the rank and notice. Please save Cha Yu-jin.

And its identity is revealed in episode 9 which aired right before the finale.

At first everyone thought it was an episode that only showed small behind-the-scenes stories and trainees practicing for the final stage.

Also known as resting anger.

-Chae-yul came to give Geon-woo a blanket and pillow?ㅠㅠ How can she be such an angel?

-A male idol who plays with air during his rest… You have gathered all those personalities on your face CEO Kim.

-Wow Ryu Cheong-woo isn’t sleeping. He’s really full of energy. He didn’t go anywhere during his gukdae time.

-Shin Jae-hyun glasses pictorial B-cut finally released. Have you finally realized the demand broadcasting stations?

How close the trainees are to each other what kind of trials and errors they have gone through and what they do when they have a break.

The various questions that came up among viewers were mixed well and laid out in a fun way.

Naturally the tension unique to survival was lowered but many people responded quite favorably saying that the production team really knew the audience well.

-Specialization? There’s nothing I can do about it due to time constraints but I made it well so it’s okay haha.

-Still I feel like I’ve been preparing for the finals for a long time so I’m looking forward to the performance.

However the production team’s trick was revealed at the end.

After going through various behind-the-scenes scenes that will make you laugh as well as practice room cuts of passionate participants working hard to prepare…

The camera goes to the stage.

-???

What is even displayed at the top of the corner is ‘Live Broadcast’.

-what

-Are you broadcasting live now?

-The last episode is episode 10…? Shouldn’t it come out next week?

It was a moment when viewers who had become accustomed to small trends such as side stories were taken aback by the unexpected live broadcast.

[Dear participants there is an urgent notice ahead of the finals.]

President Kim Tae-in who is sitting in the judges’ seat takes the microphone again.

The president’s voice continues as the camera captures the puzzled yet nervous participants.

[The viewer voting results are in.]

[!]

[The public’s choice is the absolute evaluation scale you will face in your future choices. Those who do not meet that evaluation…]

The president took a deep breath and finished speaking.

What everyone expected.

[You are eliminated.]

Viewers cried as they watched the contestants shaking their eyes or lowering their gaze on the stage.

-suddenly??

-Ah ㅠㅠ

-What if I really didn’t know I would write like this?

-The kids’ expressions are so heartbreaking…

However at the same time the concentration of viewers increased momentarily due to the growing tension and curiosity about finally revealing the results of the viewer vote.

It was the power of survival.

The president unable to see the real-time comments filled with crying emoticons and exclamations slowly announced the results.

[First of all it is a stable ticket.]

The president announced four people in a row. Raebin Kim Yunshin Oh Woodan Jung Kyungmo Han…

‘It’s lower than expected’ ‘It was the president’s pick so the fans weren’t desperate’ ‘The crazy orchestra lost money in the cumulative total of the previous drama’…

There were a variety of reactions and comments but everyone seemed at ease thanks to the word ‘stable area’.

However looking at the remaining eight people I fell into confusion.

-Here half the rankings are upper half and lower half?

-Hey I really don’t know.

-Is it only through my eyes that I see the top 6 people?;;

Because the number of people was small 12 and the results of viewer announcements have never been made public it was not easy to determine the number of people.

[The lower ranks are announced.]

With tense background music playing the president announces the number of people one by one.

[Park Nam-ho]

-oh my

-ㅜㅜㅜㅜYou worked hard Namho!

-no

A participant who did not stand out that much so the structure started out as a member that people expected to a certain extent and then more and more unexpected members were introduced.

-ㅠㅠㅠAhhhh

-Just debut all 12 people you crazy person.

It was when the last low-ranking participant was called that the atmosphere of people feeling sad and understanding but somehow understanding was broken.

[And… Liu Chengwu.]

[…]

The person concerned took a step forward with a calm expression but the commenter could not.

-omg

-That’s ridiculous.

-????

-Is it Suzaku?

A new face with a crazy presence who graduated from a former national university and whose skills quickly improved thanks to Lucky Totem was pushed out of the vote?

There were reactions that seemed to explode for a few seconds saying it was ridiculous but soon people understood the situation.

It was pushed back because it was a new face.

-Is it because they are latecomers?

-It’s because the votes are cumulative. It’s a few weeks late.

-No but if this is the case does that mean that the supplementary class that was put in at that time will just be eliminated? Are you kidding me?

However even though the embarrassed viewers poured out messages they did not think that the president would eliminate all of the people he had just called.

-We invited 4 people but there’s no way they were all eliminated. It seems like it’s just one or two contestants who weren’t selected by the president.

-Please pleaseㅠㅠ

-If you send Ryu Cheong-woo Kim Tae-in is truly senseless trash.

And as they expected the president opened his mouth again.

[The Bottom 4 chosen by your votes were originally scheduled to be eliminated immediately.]

If so it means that you are no longer eliminated immediately.

[However in order for an idol group to be complete one more element is needed in addition to fans.]

[This is the idol himself.]

-What are you talking about you crazy person?

-Idol group without idols No one thinks about it only you think about it

Regardless of the audience’s outcry the president continues his presentation with a serious expression on his face.

[Therefore I will listen to their opinions.]

The members raise their heads in confusion as they pass behind the screen.

[〈Wise〉 participants will vote for the two participants they would like to go with.]

[!!!]

A cut of the participants who were not in the bottom tier looking at each other with a helpless expression was intersected with the serious face of the president.

As 〈Wise〉 is an in-house survival show another selling point was the strong relationships and group consciousness that had built up between trainees.

And the last aggro that took advantage of that has now occurred.

[Based on your votes the two people who receive the most votes will survive until the finals.]

[The results… will be revealed before the &lt;Wise&gt; final stage next week.]

The camera moved further and further away capturing the entire frozen stage.

And fade out.

Colorful advertisements began to appear but viewers could not stop commenting.

-and

-Production crew you devils.

-Are you going to hand this over to the kids? It’s up to you to decide you idiot.

Season 1 of Azusa had not even aired yet.

〈Wise〉 started to burn the last flame before the final with unrivaled spicy aggression.

* * *

I thought as I got off the stage.

‘oh.’

The production crew does some work.

To be honest it would have been less topical if it had been roughly explained behind the scenes but it was the choice that made it provocative.

‘The choice of words was also very good.’

Isn’t it a matter of voting for the person who will be eliminated rather than voting for the person who will be saved? This is good. This means that it is not at the level of betraying humanity.

However if the person who survived through peer votes after debut gets into an accident there will be problems… I don’t need to take that into consideration here.

Because we are targeting the group that will achieve the highest efficiency in the shortest period of time.

‘The problem is that Liu Chengwu’s location has become a bit ambiguous.’

Since a cartel has already been formed among existing trainees there is a limit to receiving votes.

‘I need to take care of this.’

So as soon as I took off the microphone I went to see the guy who didn’t tell me who he was sending to today’s live broadcast.

That bastard.

“Is this the way you naturally spend your time?”

The guy smiled and answered without being embarrassed.

“sure. “It’s so easy I have to use it.”

“…”

“Because the final result is just around the corner it is easy to be shaken by even a small shock and it is very simple to plant a choice in that person’s head.”

So that you never vote for anyone.

‘It’s a reasonable decision though.’

I frowned.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I thought that if I told you in advance I would get in trouble with my junior who is trying to do preliminary work. “You’re not the type of person to wait quietly junior.”

“…”

I can’t fucking refute that.

“You understand right? So let’s do this from now on. “I will remove the elements that need to be removed so my junior please add the elements you want to add.”

This is about Liu Chengwu.

And he added pretending to be kind.

“If you still can’t decide let me know. “I will do it.”

I looked at him in bewilderment.

“You have to do it not just do it. “Is there a better player than Ryu Cheong-wu in the lower ranks right now?”

The goal is the same but I don’t know what the nonsense is.

Then Cheongryeo laughs heartily.

“is it so? all right. Then if my junior can’t do it I’ll fix it myself.”

“…”

I chuckled.

“Okay let me try it first.”

Do you think I’m going to get angry here? If that doesn’t work you may have to resort to the help of a cat. I have to somehow extract that bastard’s marrow.

“great.”

And the guy who was laughing walked leisurely down the hallway and disappeared. It felt like I was going to see another trainee.

A pop-up appears slightly above the back.

[Then… Are you going to convince the other trainees too?]

Before that there is one thing to check.

I brought back the pop-up window that appeared on the stage earlier.

[Quest\: Reputation Collection Activity 2/N]

│■■■■—–〉│

-50% achieved!

Compensation\: Received the parcel…

When you get a cumulative reputation of 500000 experience it’s called an intermediate settlement and this is what pops up.

Of course except for 100000 points I put all of them into the companion draw.

‘It’s a function that was in &lt;Section 127&gt;.’

I saw it during a test play.

-Because it is a game with many choices and various endings the main quest is comprehensive and long-term to cover all of them.

-Aha… Yes yes.

At this time did you say that a clear intermediate reward was provided to encourage and entice people to continue playing?

‘The items are probably random.’

I went to the mail and checked the image of the package that said ‘Progress Compensation’.

[Package with numerous possibilities]

-It is the sound of stars encouraging you.

To put it another way you may come out with something really good but if you’re lucky you’ll end up with a decent amount of gold.

‘You must have accumulated about 4000 gold already.’

Thinking about the useless piece of text I clicked receive the package with an expressionless expression.

however.

[Package contents – invitation]

[Colleague (★★★★) is coming…]

What?

Starlight explodes from the parcel. It seems that they give you companions rather than gold.

There is no need.

‘4 stars… ’

I remembered the 4-star teammate I saw before selecting the last big group.

[★★★★ Jang So-hyeon / Lead dancer]

‘He was a soft and sweet member.’

I almost thought it was the flagship when I saw it while organizing. I didn’t receive him as a companion for fear of awakening him but I did put him in my inventory.

Anyway let’s look at that experience.

‘I think among the colleagues with 3 or more stars there are people who are the same as me.’

I’ve never seen it in the 1st and 2nd voices but from the 3rd voice onwards names I’ve passed by sometimes appear.

[Ah in that explanation there was something about finding colleagues with whom you have a ‘relationship’. Isn’t that somewhat reflected?]

I already made a similar guess.

‘Then maybe this time too?’

Anyway the light on the package quickly disappeared and the explanation was finally revealed…

A name I really recognize pops up.

[★★★★ Jeong Woo-dan / Lead Vocal]

“…??”

It’s VTIC.

[You are a shareholder right?]

Yes it is the cast and edge.

‘what.’

I moved my hand with the intention of putting it in the inventory but… there’s no reject button on this?

[check]

This is the only one floating. Is this really automatic registration?

[I guess so…?]

Well it doesn’t matter. If you have to just delete it from the list of colleagues and that’s it.

So that was the moment I pressed the ‘Confirm’ button.

Cheesy!

…Another special effect appears from the button.

“…??”

[Fortune Chance]

A strange phrase embossed in bronze appears and the words spin in a vintage pipe.

‘this… ’

A lucky event from the game. And at some point it comes to a halt like gears meshing together and combines words.

[Additional effect – Awakening!]

And after 3 seconds.

[Colleague\: Jeong Woo-dan successfully awakened!]

“what.”

what?

* * *

This crazy system gave bonuses in the most fucked up way possible.

As soon as I confirmed the situation I immediately ran down the hallway and searched the practice rooms.

‘I have to find it.’

If you do it wrong it really becomes X…!

With my mind racing like that I opened up different types of practice rooms three or four times depending on my priorities.

In the end I came face to face with the guy who was banging his head against the wall of the dance practice room.

Woodan Jeong.

So… VTIC’s cast and hem.

“…”

“…”

It doesn’t talk and doesn’t lift its head from the wall. I approached him slowly trying not to attract attention.

‘Do it carefully.’

My head was spinning.

At that time Cha Yu-jin who was warming up in the corner saw me and raised her hand.

Wait a minute can you…

“Hyung Moon Dae!”

also

“…Mundae?”

The guy who was stuck in his head is startled when he hears a name he recognizes and quickly raises his head.

“Junior Park Moon-dae?”

It’s ruined.

The guy who raised his head looked around with a confused face and when he saw Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin behind him he became even paler.

“Testa… wait a minute.”

“Hey senior.”

“No I mean…”

Cold sweat is rolling down the expressionless face of the guy who is muttering to himself.

But soon he seemed to be soothing himself by muttering something in his mouth.

‘I guess I’ll have to take him out first.’

I’m just thankful that I don’t have a camera yet.

However before he could gesture to Cha Yu-jin to pull one of his arms and let them go Ju-dan opened his mouth.

In a much calmer voice.

“Where is the crew here?”

“Why did the production team…?”

“I will get off.”

“…?!”

I feel dizzy.
