---
title: "Chapter 396"
category: "book"
index: 395
section: "Chapter 396"
slug: "396"
---

# Chapter 396

It took quite a long time to subdue the VTIC guy who wanted to get off.

The production staff almost came running in with a camera probably because they misunderstood that it meant that he was going to leave because he couldn’t handle the pressure but it was fortunate that they calmed him down before that.

‘I almost ruined it.’

And here Cha Yu-jin Ryu Cheong-woo and… Cheongryeo were put in charge of subduing this guy.

okay. It’s annoying it’s rude and if there’s a problem with this unexpected situation it’s a personnel matter that needs to be called out.

“…”

“…”

And in the narrow vocal practice room five adults are crammed together creating crushing silence.

‘Fuck… ’

It’s absurd to see even Ryu Cheong-woo who should be planning a plan to get votes standing there with a nervous smile on his face.

‘From now on if the intermediate reward is a random parcel it will be ignored.’

This damn system is like a mass-produced mobile game.

I pressed my eyebrows and opened my mouth.

“So… senior we are all in a similar situation right now.”

I looked at Ju Dan who was now staring into space with a completely distraught face and calmly opened my mouth.

Let’s talk about tea and gun and only talk about the main points.

-I have been dragged into a strange parallel world and am trying to escape.

I wonder if anyone would believe something like this without going into detail but I can’t help it.

Imagine starting from ‘I’m not actually Park Moon University… ’ to someone who knows absolutely nothing. That sounds like a crazy person.

‘First of all we will proceed by carefully explaining the objections that come in.’

There was no other way.

At the time Cheongryeo was smiling and not bothering to intervene so she had no choice but to put on a one-man show.

“for a moment.”

Finally Zhou Dan raised his hand.

“Let me ask you a question.”

“yes.”

“What is 32 times 6?”

“…192.”

“yes.”

And each person took turns solving a math problem. Since it’s just multiplication it’s not difficult so everyone thinks about it appropriately and then answers.

‘What on earth is this guy doing?’

And after turning around and answering to Cheongnyeo the guy nodded.

“It’s not a dream. hmm.”

“…”

“I have a general idea of what the situation is.”

“…??”

“It’s a grammar that anyone familiar with subculture will easily understand. “I never thought I would experience it firsthand.”

He muttered that with an expressionless expression and touched his chin.

“No there’s a chance it’s still a dream… Anyway I’ll at least wash my face for a moment. “We need to check whether the cold water is cold water.”

The guy who said that got up and headed to the bathroom.

Drurruk-tak.

The door opens and closes.

This happened 10 seconds after Judan started talking to himself.

“…”

[What… what did you know?]

I answered with difficulty. Now I can guess.

‘…by numbers.’

[???]

‘In dreams logic is poor so it is usually difficult to calculate quickly and accurately.’

[ah……]

But normally you wouldn’t use this method unnecessarily such as by criticizing yourself.

This guy… was he always like this?

“I was always the type of person who was interested in unique concepts but I’m still the same. “I’m trying to adapt to this situation.”

Cheongryeo conscious of the camera being installed beyond the corner outside the door lowers her voice and whispers.

“Why are you talking to your members like it’s someone else’s group?”

“Well it’s been a while since I’ve used it.”

The guy laughs heartily. And lower your voice so that only the other person can hear.

“It seems obedient but it is quietly uncooperative at times… It was a hassle to have to calculate it again when handling it.”

Your choice of words is fantastic.

“Anyway it’s not impossible to deal with so it won’t turn into a big variable.”

“…”

He came to this conclusion casually but that makes it even more strange.

‘Is this guy okay?’

Still I thought there would be some kind of reaction such as trying to kill me for having fun if the group’s memories came back but it was very strategic.

The guy who was tapping his chin with his finger immediately raises his voice and takes the next step.

“I’ll have to work on more detailed coordination with the cast but before that I’ll have to send that one back.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo smiled and turned her head. It was implicitly referring to Cha Yu-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo and they must have known. However Cha Yu-jin did not blink an eye.

“I am where I want to be.”

“Then we can go out. “Let’s go to the practice room next door.”

“for a moment.”

These guys do this every time they talk.

However before I could intervene Liu Chengyu intervened smiling as if he was embarrassed.

“Eujin. Let us go out first. Since we are all in the same group you probably want to talk separately.”

Cha Yu-jin had no objection to that explanation.

I shrugged my shoulders.

“OK. “Two seniors let’s talk.”

However there was an afterword.

“Let’s go together Moon Dae!”

That’s a bit much.

“…It would be better if the person who explained it did it.”

“Are you a fan of VTIC Moon Dae?”

Is that why you are doing it?

“I will charge an explanation fee.”

“Oooh!”

Go now.

I let Ryu Cheong-woo drag Cha Yu-jin away. However Liu Chengwu did not leave but instead looked back.

“ah. “It’s a door.”

“yes.”

“Don’t worry too much about my vote. “If I get eliminated it means I won’t be of any help to the team.”

“…!”

“And I have no intention of being judged like that.”

He finished gently but firmly.

“I’ll take care of the tickets.”

“…”

He even called me Park Moon-dae so I’m saying this as a group leader.

If that’s the case.

“yes.”

I nodded obediently. Ryu Cheong-woo smiled once and then left the vocal practice room dragging Cha Yu-jin who had a sour face.

Drurruk-tak.

“…”

“Do you charge an explanation fee?”

“Do you really think so?”

“haha.”

I resisted the urge to punch myself in the face.

Fortunately Ju Dan came back before I ran out of the room.

With water dripping from my head.

“It feels real.”

“…”

The guy muttered.

“I thought it was either crazy or a dream… or worst case scenario I was caught up in some kind of ghost story phenomenon but the last one was the closest to the correct answer.”

for a moment.

“Is that really why you wanted to get off?”

“Yes people are supposed to assume the worst and act accordingly.”

“…Oh yes.”

This… no it’s done. Anyway now that I’ve convinced myself that it’s reality it will be easier to say the next thing.

I got to the point.

“We are trying to return to reality as much as possible and we hope you will cooperate with us.”

The difficulty starts from here.

If this guy thinks this is another opportunity it’s quite painful…

“of course.”

“…?”

The answer came immediately.

“When I was young I dreamed of experiencing such a fantasy-like development but now that I have grown into an adult with no dreams or hopes I want to go back quickly.”

The guy continued speaking with an expressionless expression.

“I can’t give up on the life of a 10-year Daesang idol with a building a bank account and fame.”

“…”

I barely opened my mouth.

“Senior you are going to the military.”

“It goes from here too.”

That’s… right.

“But to have to go through all the hard work from debut all over again without money or position is such a rude comparison.”

The guy nodded.

“It would be a lie for adults to say they want to go back to the past. Once you have a foundation there is no way you will want to go through all that trouble again. “It’s all a convenient setting.”

I almost looked back at Cheongnyeo.

“Anyway this is a type of game and the junior from Mundae is the key player.”

“It seems like that’s the case for now.”

“yes. Thank you for your hard work.

The guy nodded his head expressionlessly.

“Then I… appear in the latter half of the episode so I don’t have much screen time but I think I’ll be a supporting character who will provide quite useful assistance.”

What is this crazy guy saying?

“I guess I should say I’m glad I’m not the antagonist… Oh I’m sorry. “I’ve been watching a lot of novels and videos lately because I have nothing to do.”

What an excuse.

However given the situation I countered to ensure his stability.

“It’s a hobby that idols can enjoy without pressure.”

“yes.”

The guy nodded somewhat satisfied and muttered as if he wanted to say something more but soon returned to his businesslike tone.

“Then I guess I should call you junior Ryu Cheong-woo now or older brother Ryu Cheong-woo now. Anyway if I just give him my vote I won’t have to do anything else.”

Just as I was about to say yes another voice declared instead.

Soft and cold.

“Not really.”

“…!”

There was a hint of politeness in Judan’s voice as he flinched.

“brother.”

“Your skills will not be the same now. yes?”

The VTIC guy seemed to notice Cheongryeo’s thoughts and nodded quietly.

“yes.”

“Then you have to recover your skills first. “No matter how good a plan we make it’s impossible if the stage quality is poor.”

The guy with a faint smile looks at Zhou Dan and continues talking.

“As you said even if my memories and self as a 10-year idol have returned if I don’t look like that I can’t claim it as yours.”

“…!”

“I hope you will show a side that the people who willingly gave you wealth and honor will not regret. “Okay?”

“…yes.”

The guy who used to say shamelessly weird things is being disciplined. It seems like he can’t even think of resisting or talking back.

‘It looks like it rolled so hard that it got molded.’

It’s very tight. Even though I was holding it tight I let it go slightly.

“okay. Still I feel reassured because I have you. “You know?”

“…thank you.”

Ju Dan was able to leave the vocal practice room only after receiving a training sheet disguised as advice on the practice routine from Cheong Ryeo.

“…”

‘I am a nan.’

It looks like he has a knack for dealing with people.

It’s the same.

I looked at Cheongnyeo who was smiling and crossing her arms.

“First of all I went in the direction of taking care of efficiency. “It’s okay.”

“I think it would have been better for my mental health to have been more soothing.”

“are you okay. He’s the type that requires a bit of pressure to move. On the contrary if you let them go they will do their trick.”

The guy answered calmly.

“If you poke at it well sometimes it brings good ideas for albums. “He will be a good member.”

“…okay.”

Those who have seen it for a long time will know better. I didn’t bother to refute it.

The guy raised his chin.

“I need to revise my plans a bit more after my debut. Well there’s never a dull moment.”

for a moment.

“Vote for the guy you send away.”

I guess you haven’t forgotten that it’s a priority.

But it tilts its head to the side.

“hmm? It’s already over. That will get you eliminated from the finals.”

what?

“This junior hasn’t even started yet. Or are you going to trust me and hand it over like I said before?”

“You take care of it.”

“haha.”

He didn’t scratch any more. I uncrossed my arms and opened my mouth.

There was something I originally wanted to say.

About the situation where Ju Dan found his memories.

“…This was an unexpected situation.”

“yes.”

what?

“But as I become more famous as an idol and continue to look for colleagues I might be able to return the memories to other VTICs.”

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo narrowed his eyes.

“We’ll see about that. “It seems like the number of hands has increased but that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s a good hand.”

“okay.”

If that’s the case.

I decided not to ask further.

It was then.

“Still it’s my first time.”

“…!”

The guy lowered his gaze and muttered. It was a grave voice.

“Is it something like this?”

“…”

I asked.

“Are you feeling bad?”

“It’s nothing in particular but… it’s been a while since I’ve thought about this situation. “It’s unfamiliar though.”

The guy was out of focus with no expression. As if he was vaguely recalling a time when he expected or imagined ‘a situation like this’.

‘…okay.’

I guess I wasn’t impressed.

I sat on the floor for a while without bothering to ask about his condition.

And only after hearing the staff’s voice announcing the start of filming did I slowly get up and leave the practice room.

He never brought up the topic again but I decided not to click on it the next time I received a game package so I put it on hold for now.

And time passes again.

As if Joo Dan’s unexpected situation was a lie the filming site was still in a state of strange tension. The camera is already turned on.

‘I’m waiting.’

I waited until after midnight when all the filming for that day was over and the battery ran out again giving me a gap.

And among the guys who were busy practicing until dawn as it was right before the finals I found someone who was conflicted about whether to go into the bedroom.

“Senior.”

Judan got up from the practice room floor and muttered quietly.

“I avoid actions that might raise suspicion. “Let’s go comfortably like before.”

Well if that’s you.

I leaned in and asked.

“Udan. “Who among the participants are you close with?”

“…Well I don’t have anyone I’m particularly close to. “The trainees I went with couldn’t participate.”

I understand.

Well then let’s change the question.

“I know roughly who is close to whom or who they don’t like.”

“I know as much as everyone else knows.”

That’s enough.

I needed information from existing trainees.

And being able to speak naturally

“Can I get some help?”

The guy didn’t answer for a moment wondering what he was thinking and then suddenly answered.

“I’m not good at persuading others.”

I think I heard it as a request to at least join Ryu Cheong-woo’s election campaign.

I smiled and sat down comfortably.

“I don’t mean to ask for that.”

“then?”

“All you have to do is talk to me. “In front of others.”

Tickets for Liu Chengwu are limited.

If I had to choose anonymously between a trainee I was already friends with in survival and a new face who was a strong competitor I would definitely choose the former.

They probably wouldn’t bother voting for Ryu Chung-woo unless it was some kind of incentive.

So what should we do?

‘All you have to do is distribute the votes.’

The question is asked which of the remaining participants excluding Ryu Cheong-woo would they vote for.

“I’m not going to curse I’m going to praise you.”

As Ryu Cheong-woo said his vote will be respected so that he can take care of it himself.

I’m not trying to make you vote for Ryu Cheng-wu I’m just trying to make you not vote for the other guy.
