---
title: "Chapter 397"
category: "book"
index: 396
section: "Chapter 397"
slug: "397"
---

# Chapter 397

〈Wise〉 filming site where practice is in full swing.

The trainees seemed to be extremely serious and focused solely on the finals but that didn’t mean there weren’t conversations going on behind the scenes.

Who among the bottom ranked contestants will survive?

-Who are you going to film?

-I don’t know I saw it then.

Although it is said to be an anonymous vote it is secretly mentioned in interviews.

-Have you already made up your mind?

Here one participant from the inferior class also gave an appropriate answer such as ‘I’m thinking hard about it’ but in fact I thought it was almost a decision.

‘I’m telling you to take pictures of two people so there’s no way there’s anything to worry about.’

Normally it would be difficult if there was only one person who would be eliminated and one person who would stick. You can vote for both the best and second best so what’s difficult?

‘You can just leave out the ones who don’t want to be filmed.’

First of all one person already implicitly lacks qualifications.

-What the fuck!

Ugh.

‘Would you like to work with a bastard who suddenly gets aggressive and tries to beat people up while eating?’

The participant nodded even though he was completely unaware that Shin Jae-hyun who knew that the assault incident would occur three years later had clearly guided everything from action to news dissemination.

So naturally after excluding one person there were three people left.

And it was simpler to exclude one more person from there.

Someone less close. Someone I don’t know very well. A person who has never been a trainee.

This is the most recently deployed supplementary team.

Liu Chengwu.

‘He will live well on his own.’

I had no close relationship with the former national team member who was receiving a pension nor did I feel any closeness to him.

‘Then just take the remaining two and it’s over.’

Originally the existing trainees had already made up their minds to choose two good people who they had known each other during practice and somehow felt uncomfortable dropping.

The parties receiving the vote can also vote and since the two are already close they have already created an atmosphere among themselves.

‘I guess it will go that way.’

After the participant had come to that conclusion he was lounging around again and enjoying a sweet little joke.

Sweet.

The practice room door opens and words are heard.

“…That’s why I’m worried about voting.”

“Yes of course.”

Familiar voices of participants.

‘uh.’

At that moment the participant who was resting behind the sound system in the practice room realized that he could not be seen.

The voices of Ryu Geon-woo and Jeong Woo-dan continue their conversation.

“Did you think of anyone?”

“What… are you going to take pictures of Ryu Cheong-woo?”

“First of all what about you?”

Have a conversation comfortably even if the person doesn’t know you’re there. The inferior class participant quietly overheard the conversation without realizing it.

“I’m thinking about Da-Hwan.”

“ah.”

Da-Hwan Kim was one of the two people he was trying to photograph.

Because the topic they had just been thinking of came up the participant held his breath and concentrated on the conversation for a moment.

“I like it. Although the dance positions seem a bit oversaturated.”

Ryu Geon-woo hesitated a bit but then spoke comfortably probably because he realized again that there were no cameras.

“We don’t care. “Because it’s a vocal.”

‘…!’

Position?

“yes. “It is beneficial if good people come in and the average competency improves.”

“okay. “I’m sure the boss has to worry about this.”

ah.

The two then left the seemingly empty practice room asking each other to take a picture of the person they had decided to take a picture of.

“Not everyone is here yet.”

“It’s too early. Then wait a moment…”

thud.

“…”

The door was closed. However the participant felt somewhat disturbed.

Dance positions are oversaturated?

“…I see.”

That was right. Of the people left now there are at most four in vocal positions including those two.

Considering that only the most impressive guys from the supplementary class were left in the rap position the dance position was oversaturated with only 7 people.

However at the top there is Shin Jae-hyun who is not a monster and Cha Yu-jin a supplementary student whose source I don’t know where he came from…

‘…there’s no room.’

A difference of almost double. The contestant who was also in the dance position swallowed his saliva. Moreover another word bothered him.

-I guess the boss has to worry about this.

Members are not chosen by individual viewer votes but rather are chosen by the president.

Because of the president’s inclination he would naturally select positions with balance in mind so if that were the case… it was really dangerous.

“…”

The participant bit his mouth due to the sudden sense of crisis.

In a situation where choices are free people end up rationalizing choices that are beneficial to them.

Especially when a huge target called debut is just around the corner.

So the conclusion was quick.

‘…It’s right to eliminate competitors as much as possible. I’m not a pushover either.’

-Candidates who are eliminated for dance positions must be sent here.

He hesitated for a moment but then made up his mind and quietly left the practice room and ran down the hallway.

And Ryu Geon-woo and Jeong Woo-dan who were sitting in the vocal practice room across from us confirmed it.

“It really came out.”

“okay.”

“Are you sure this would have worked?”

“uh.”

Ryu Geon-woo chuckled. There was one thing he was sure of.

own position.

Among the participants he is at the top level in terms of public awareness topicality and high praise from the president.

‘It’s hard for the same performer to ignore it.’

It was not intimacy but the power of rank and authority.

Since it is different from human liking if you directly persuade them they may react with resistance but you can just bypass it.

‘I believe it more if I think I have figured something out on my own by analyzing the other person’s words.’

In fact position oversaturation may push one side as the main force depending on the group’s tendency but you cannot safely think like that.

Of course Ryu Geon-woo had no intention of saying that much so he neatly said this.

“You can bet money that the mood will change by tomorrow.”

“I don’t fall for such uncertain gambling advice but I respect it as a courtesy to a key player.”

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo closed his mouth. Anyway Zhou Dan admired briefly and then placed his hand on his chin.

“How many times do I have to do this?”

“Change the exam one more time.”

“Is that okay?”

“Words are bound to get around anyway. The remaining trainees are all in similar situations so they will try to get together. “You saw him run away.”

Now that both Testa and VTIC have occupied the vocal position the situation of the remaining trainees in the dance position is similar.

They will then share this strategy among themselves. There needs to be meaningful numbers so as long as we are all in similar situations we will be able to communicate easily.

‘Then roughly how the votes are distributed even if Ryu Cheong-woo takes only 1/3 he is guaranteed to pass.’

There are 6 people including VTIC and Testa whose memories have already been restored.

We’ve already secured half of the garden so this should be enough.

Ryu Geon-woo shrugged his shoulders and Ju Dan quite seriously… sympathized.

“It seems like you think a lot about human psychology. I do that too sometimes. “It’s a pretty interesting habit.”

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo decided not to respond but to quietly continue explaining the next target.

Meanwhile beyond the hallway they were looking at something that even Ryu Geon-woo could not have predicted was happening.

“omg.”

1. The participant fell while running down the hallway.

“evil!”

2. I felt pain in my ankle.

“Are you okay?”

3. Liu Chengwu who was returning from the interview witnessed it.

And it moved right away.

“for a moment. “Don’t move.”

Liu Chengwu reflexively responded to the situation as he had been taught during training.

“Are you sick here?”

After checking the pain in each area.

“It looks like your muscles are a little bit shocked but you don’t have to worry about injury.”

Provide reassurance by comparing it to your own experience. And I even found a spray-type paste in a nearby break room and handed it over.

“Write it.”

“Ah… yes. thank you.”

And then he leaves without saying anything further or giving advice.

It was a light favor that could perhaps just be treated as routine. Something Liu Chengwu always does.

However the situation was a bit special.

“…hmm.”

The participant who got up after spraying all the paste thought as if evaluating.

He appears calm and courageous and reacts quickly. I didn’t graduate from a national university for nothing.

‘If we’re a team we can be more dependable.’

And… it’s a vocal position. There is no need to compete for positions.

If you think about it if you don’t vote for Kim Da-hwan who is in the dance position anyway the only remaining candidates are Ryu Cheong-woo and the quick-witted idiot.

If this happens quite common sense emotions will arise.

‘…Isn’t it better to choose someone who is a good team player rather than that guy with anger management disorder?’

The participant secretly modified the sentence he was trying to tell others about voting. And then I walked slowly down the hallway and headed toward my dorm.

And a few days later the long-awaited final broadcast.

-Wow finally

-Oh I want to see you but I also don’t want to see you. Will the kids be okay?

-Is it true that it is a fun reservation?

In a situation where viewers are unable to overcome their curiosity and are watching the live broadcast the president himself announces the bottom-ranked survivors.

In order of receiving the most votes.

[I am a survivor who received a total of 11 votes and joined the final stage.]

-Wow overwhelming

-Pyo\: At this level it seems like he is already an existing trainee?

-Da-hwan?

Amidst light speculation the voting screen passes through the VCR and the party is finally confirmed.

[This is Ryu Cheong-woo.]

[…!!]

Ryu Cheong-woo became the first successful candidate receiving 11 out of 12 votes.

In fact except for one vote from the bottom tier who are at risk of being eliminated the performance is almost like a sweep.

-????

-Ryu Cheong-woo with 10 votes?

-Is this possible?

Viewers were confused but were convinced when they saw the participants applauding with smiling faces without much agitation.

-Ryu Cheong-woo must have a nice personality.

-What seems to be different about insiders?

-Did you guys not get along very well at your agency? Haha awesome.

But in fact Park Moon-dae was a little embarrassed.

‘What is it?’

I had no idea that Liu Chengwu would sweep away like this.

‘I saw about 8 or 9 votes.’

And then I realized.

‘He doesn’t say empty words.’

-I’ll take care of the tickets.

Liu Chengwu was truly confident in his popularity.

Even if he hadn’t done such a thing he would have easily ranked second which proves that his confidence is not groundless.

‘…Because he’s a guy with sense.’

Didn’t you act as a leader in “Azusa” as if you were eating a meal?

‘It must have been similar this time too.’

Park Moon-dae happily accepted his miscalculation.

Liu Chengwu blushed slightly but seriously announced his thoughts on being a successful candidate before entering.

[As much as my colleagues have trusted me I will show that I perform well as a team in today’s final stage.]

Testa’s Park Moon-dae in the guise of Ryu Geon-woo happily applauded the leader.

Then another vocal position trainee was called and the two eliminated were confirmed.

It’s a cold thing but since it was at the bottom of the polls anyway there wasn’t a huge repercussion.

-Oh my gosh ㅠㅠ

-I’ll let you do the stage it’s cruel.

-Everyone is still young so I hope they debut somewhere else!

After a short period of time to allow viewers to feel appropriately sad.

[Yes I am!]

The final stage unfolds.

Thanks to the four lower-ranked performers taking on the same part and practicing two different movements the 10-person performance continues smoothly.

And naturally viewers expressed their emotions as expected from viewers of the final survival broadcast.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Please debut with everyone

-Tae-in-ah it’s not too late. Please CEO Shin Shin-son the leader of K-pop.

-Tae-in-ah please use common sense.

Even 10 people are not that many. Nowadays people cried saying that even more than 11 people debuted well.

This is because there seemed to be no other batting line.

However it was impossible to read the face of President Kim Tae-in who was sitting in the judges’ seat.

Thanks to this viewers were pouring out curses resentment and criticism.

Suddenly the screen goes blank. And I see… a familiar face albeit wearing a mask.

-???

-Hey just now.

-Isej;ㄴ

-Isn’t this Sejin Lee?

A handsome man with his arms crossed was standing in front of the standing seats which were not meant for the audience.

-My first friend

-Hey why would Lee Se-jin open it?

-Hehehe that’s right.

-Is Sejin Lee a member of Leti?

└Is that possible?

Sejin Lee.

Here it was Bae Se-jin an actor who had not yet changed his name.

An actor who has very little media exposure and is famous for filming movies like a cow suddenly appeared in the audience for the final episode of Male Idol Survival.

Naturally reactions to him poured out like crazy in an instant.

And from the moment the camera director and producer recognized Lee Se-jin he started appearing on screen quite often.

[Who can be a STAR?]

Every time he crosses the stage for 1 to 2 seconds the comments alternate with passionate support for the trainees and stories about Lee Se-jin.

Because the reaction was visible.

[The talent crossing the stage is mine]

When someone is caught on screen they open their eyes nervously or swallow their saliva.

-I’m rooting for Ryu Geon-woo.

-That’s right.

-Cha Yujin seems to like it too.

-Lee Se-jin you like talented people I do too.

-Isn’t that a dork with that lineup? LOL.

Even viewers who were tired of catching the audience were quite amused by the appearance of the mysterious actor.

-It seems very transparent who you are rooting for.

-ㅅㅂ Why are you acting fuzzy in real life?

-That’s the reason why I’m good at playing Ssapae. I’m already so immersed in a field that I can’t see anything else.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

The fun of it soon subsided but it had the effect of attracting quite a bit of attention as it was posted on social media in real time.

-Is this Seoba a male idol who even sees Lee Se-jin?

-I can cheer for someone please tell me quickly.

-What is the fun of watching a web server without any writing skills?

As the last episode came in the final finished the stage of two songs and was ready to enter the climax.

And there was one more element that could not be left out in the original climax.

It is empathy and tears.

And the easiest way to bring out this element was already standardized.

[Surprise letter sent to trainees]

A warm middle-aged voice rings out from the electronic display board on a quiet stage.

[?? \: Our Yunshin is doing well?]

Just family.

“…!”

Bae Se-jin in the audience almost gritted his teeth.

‘…no way.’

Short edited video calls and friendly recordings pass by as if they were taken from all the trainees.

‘no way.’

Bae Se-jin did not know very much about Park Moon-dae’s current Ryu Geon-woo’s ‘real’ family history.

However if you look at their honest reactions when the story of their parents comes up it is impossible not to know. Ryu Geon-woo’s situation is not much different from Park Moon-dae’s.

‘…What about here?’

Bae Se-jin broke out in a cold sweat as he had never discussed that topic before and looked alternately between the electronic display board and Ryu Geon-woo on the stage.

And when I confirmed that Ryu Geon-woo was standing still without any expression.

[Geonwoo. How are you?]

The electronic signboard screen turns black and Ryu Geon-woo’s name begins to appear.

[These people sent an email to here so we made the call.]

[Letter from the Antarctic base]

Comments are pouring in.

-Wow Ryu Geon-woo’s parents are both researchers?

-See how cool it is in Antarctica;;

-Your head is gone somewhere. You really belong to an elite family.

-I’m jealous of the golden spoon.

Ryu Geon-woo bowed his head slightly.

At first glance it seemed like she was listening with emotion to her parents’ voices but Bae Se-jin who had been with them for several years caught the emotion of the gesture.

‘Hold on.’

Bae Se-jin clenched his fists.
