---
title: "Chapter 398"
category: "book"
index: 397
section: "Chapter 398"
slug: "398"
---

# Chapter 398

Ryu Geon-woo did not look at the electronic display board. But words continued to flow from the electronic display board.

[My mom and dad didn’t know that Geonwoo said he wanted to be an idol and that he was actually appearing on a program like this and showing off his cool side.]

‘really…!’

Why do broadcasting stations invariably prefer such peripheral low-dimensional stimulation of a certain generation?

Bae Se-jin gritted his teeth under his mask. And regardless of whether he did so or not speculations such as ‘I guess Ryu Geon-woo was impressed’ spread well through the comments.

[Be sure to debut and see your face. Fighting my son!]

Ryu Geon-woo held both hands tightly and did not raise his head. And the electronic display board moves so slowly that it feels cruel to Bae Se-jin.

‘under… ’

A short message left by Shin Jae-hyun’s mother passes by touching BGM gently fills the filming set and the president’s comment appears.

[Please share your thoughts on seeing the messages from your family on stage like this.]

The camera sequentially took close-ups of several participants accepting the microphone.

Kim Rae-bin swallowing her nose with tears in her eyes was quite pitiful and cute but the problem was the moment the microphone passed and finally reached Ryu Geon-woo.

Ryu Geon-woo held the microphone with both hands and remained silent for a long time barely acceptable during a live broadcast.

And only then did he open his mouth.

[…thank you.]

He bowed his head deeply and then raised his head quite courageously.

But there is a hint of agitation in his voice.

[I will definitely debut and show you a good image.]

The response was good as they seemed to be shaking from greetings and emotions that they could not tell whether from their parents or the public.

Ahhh~!

It’s like it’s sad it’s like it’s cute

Exclamations.

However Bae Se-jin who knew the truth was confused.

‘It looks difficult.’

It looks like he’s biting his lips because he’s moved but he’s actually holding back sadness or shock…

…uh?

‘for a moment’

Bae Se-jin recovered from the moment of falling into sentimentality and looked at the expression again objectively.

Park Moon-dae chewing the inside of his lip.

That’s just pure clenching of teeth.

A vulgar expression of anger.

“…??”

‘He looks pissed all the way down to his head…?’

On stage Ryu Geon-woo stood upright with bright eyes.

His eyes were inexplicably overflowing with motivation.

-I guess I’m in high spirits because I haven’t seen my parents in a while. ㅠㅠ That’s right model boy he likes the taste of this.

-Geonwoo please debut.

-Lee Se-jin is making me laugh by asking why he was so shocked lol.

Thanks to this the finals proceed steadily regardless of Bae Se-jin’s confusion.

The president thought that he had made a decision after careful consideration with the people involved but in fact he announced a list of successful candidates whose direction was determined by the influence of someone who knows the future.

The number of people announced one by one with appropriate pauses.

[Shin Jae-hyun.]

People are cheering as they are called one by one and each time the trainee gives his/her impression.

Ryu Geon-woo Jin Chae-yul Jeong Woo-dan Cha Yu-jin Oh Yun-shin…

[This friend had a lot to worry about but I was greatly impressed by the fact that he gained a lot of trust from his colleagues in such a short period of time.]

Even Liu Chengwu.

When the odd number of 7 people was reached people were anxious and wondered if this was the end and the expectations on the participants’ faces died.

‘It was an invaluable experience!’

No to be more precise that was the look on the faces of the rest of the participants except Kim Rae-bin who was already overcome with lingering emotions.

The president pretends not to be dramatic and then says the last additional successful candidate.

I was planning to tie it up for the next album but after going through ‘Orchestra Collaboration’ I couldn’t resist my greed for the group’s perfection so I made this choice.

[Kim Rae-bin.]

[…!?]

[This is the last member of the group.]

Raebin Kim almost jumped out of her seat and almost received the microphone upside down. I was not the only one but I was the redhead of the night.

[Is that that that that one?…… yes!]

– Hahahahahahahahahahaha

-Why does Ravin look like that lol?

-It looks like my face when the professor pretended to know me in the lecture.

The presentation ends on a touching note with Kim Rae-bin’s violent expression turning into a steamed bun which brings a lot of laughter.

VTIC half Testa half.

‘It’s a tie.’

The leader of VTIC who was the first to be called felt a brief emotion as he recalled his bet with Moon-Dae Park.

So to conclude overall the 〈Wise〉 final was successful.

The two additional eliminations brought about disappointment and regret but the prevailing opinion was that the president had made a good selection.

In fact to be honest it can be said that even those who were eliminated were cut out well.

It might have been natural. Because it was a combination of already proven idol members.

[Dol Survival said to be the best combination ever]

[List of final successful applicants for Leti Serva who completed the semester]

[Wise’s new group name appears]

However Testa’s Park Moon-dae finally got off to a good start on a stage where flowers were fluttering and fireworks were exploding…

My mind was still boiling coldly.

‘Fuck you bastard.’

Because I had some kind of confidence.

* * *

-Keun Se-jin\: I worked hard at Mundaemun University and it was great (thumbs up emoticon) Get a good rest today!

I checked the chicken gifticon he attached. And when you reply ‘I will’.

A pop-up appears quietly.

[Hyung… are you okay?]

I answered calmly.

“I’m not okay.”

[]

The pop-up stops as if I can’t even type any words. I know what you’re assuming but that’s not why I’m not okay.

It’s because of the frustration of being caught up in some bullshit.

“It’s a lie.”

[…yes?]

“It’s a lie that my parents are alive.”

I can’t believe I got caught in this joke.

I kept muttering ignoring the pop-up that was vibrating like crazy and churning out typos.

“It doesn’t make sense.”

There are too many logical loopholes.

“If you can’t make phone calls in the first place it doesn’t matter but if you can receive emails it means you have internet.”

then.

“There is no need to connect via voice call. It is better to receive it via video or request a video call.”

No matter how slow the internet is is there any way you can’t send a photo?

The response comes very carefully over time.

[Could it be that your parents refused to reveal your face…?]

“That will be the excuse. But that’s not all I suspect.”

I turned off my smartphone.

At first I couldn’t reason because I was shocked but the moment I saw the information on the electronic display board that said ‘Letter from the Antarctic Base’ an idea occurred to me.

“Are my parents actually researchers?”

[!??]

“In my head I thought it was true but for that matter I don’t have any memories related to my parents’ work.”

I wouldn’t have suddenly stopped being a researcher as soon as I came home.

“At least you might have some feelings about the place you work but it’s just that you come to work and leave.”

It’s like a setting that was added secretly at the end.

“It’s not normal. absoluteness.”

The pop-up didn’t respond for a while but soon it started pouring out small messages.

[Actually… I also had similar questions. Being a researcher is a stable job. However it doesn’t seem like my brother inherited the money…]

“okay.”

I actually doubted that too. Being a researcher is a high-income job but I don’t remember losing anything whether through kleptomania or stocks and I inherited very little property.

I don’t even remember having any doubts about it.

“So… there is a high probability that the parents of the researchers at the Antarctic base here are lying.”

[…]

“I made it up.”

I don’t know what they did when the system crashed but I think they planted the ‘researcher’ proposition in me so that I could understand it naturally.

Since I’ve lost all my memories of meeting the real Park Moon-dae I think I can hint at that much.

“But it doesn’t seem natural enough to cause discomfort.”

[…Because your brother voluntarily noticed it now right?]

“okay. “Maybe they feel uncomfortable when they meet in person so they don’t want to send them to Antarctica to see them.”

Also I was afraid that I would feel even more uncomfortable when I came across pictures of my parents who became researchers so I blocked out all visual information.

Pop-ups are distorted.

[It was so mean and mean.]

The system has messed up once or twice and there is no reason for it to happen again. It’s just that I feel like I’ve been caught like this.

‘It’s even more infuriating that I touched someone else’s memory.’

And that too… these few memories that remain.

No let’s not fall into sentimentality. There is no time for that.

I continued my reasoning and Geondal also continued to busily tell his reasoning.

[Then… Then this is definitely not the past right? Is it like a dream? Like that daydream I made.]

“I don’t know about the latter but I’m sure about the former.”

I muttered quietly.

“I guess it’s not like I’ve returned to the past at all because in real life people who don’t already exist can’t come out.”

Because all the settings were mixed up from the beginning.

[…]

“It could be a good thing.”

The motivation will definitely be there.

[brother.]

I made a decision.

I shared this information with Cheongryeo without having to hide it.

About the imperfections of this place.

The guy who was sitting in the waiting room of the soon-to-be demolished filming set listened to what I had to say and then commented without much agitation.

“In the end there is no change in our goals. “Right?”

“…Yes but you need to be more careful when choosing what to do.”

I frowned.

“If there is an error in your memory you may make the wrong choice at a critical moment.”

No matter how small it is.

Minor points that may seem insignificant can change and cause a butterfly effect.

‘You need to check once in a while to see if you feel any discomfort.’

However Cheongryeo had a sour face.

“Junior. It’s okay as long as you remember the information you need to proceed. “The more memories accumulate the more they become distorted.”

“…”

“What we need to be wary of… are the additional effects caused by memory.”

what.

“emotion.”

“…!”

“As long as you have information and rational judgment you can’t make a mistake. There is nothing particularly wrong with choosing one. “In the end you just have to choose one.”

The guy declared.

“Just the goal.”

“…”

“Is that so?”

“okay.”

I never thought I’d say this but I felt like my head was clearer after talking to this guy.

I gritted my teeth and declared.

“I’ll definitely get the grand prize as soon as possible and get out of there. “That’s the goal.”

“I guess it’s your habit to repeat the obvious junior.”

It’s noisy.

I straightened up and sat down.

Let’s get to the point quickly.

“First of all… about our debut concept.”

The trembling in his face fades slightly. I crossed my arms.

“The concept of VTIC’s first album was for worldview build-up.”

“Testa will be no different.”

“well. “Because our music rankings are high.”

“Haha it looks like you came from a survival program that had double-digit viewership ratings.”

I guess I’d like to say that I couldn’t even dream of getting that rank unless it was survival.

“…Anyway yours is for mid- to long-term use so wouldn’t it be too minor for short-term use?”

“well. There was definitely a good response overseas.”

…Is that so? I took pictures of male idols because I didn’t have to watch their debut song’s music video or analyze their outfits.

“What exactly is the concept?”

“The afterlife.”

“Big.”

I almost got scared.

I barely responded.

“It’s too much.”

“Haha did you say that to Testa?”

“…”

“If there is enough investment there is nothing excessive. “The important thing is completeness.”

“…”

[That’s what my brother said…]

Oh I know so be quiet.

“Anyway aiming for popularity at this time is not a very good strategy.”

Cheongryeo tapped her chin and continued speaking.

“LeTi has traditionally had good support in the overseas KPOP fandom so we should grab that and go for it.”

“Overseas.”

“yes. The English subtitled version of 〈Wise〉 uploaded to WeTube got quite a lot of views. “It’s also the best report card I’ve ever received through survival.”

The guy laughs.

“Let’s go overseas like this and go based on album sales.”

“for a moment.”

How can you decide where you want to go?

“If you select the right music source you can achieve success in Korea as well. “Isn’t it still a good time for male idols to be popular?”

It’s hard to expect success in music unless you’re a solid first team player after a few years but isn’t this the time when there are still quite a few guys making good results?

“So that doesn’t work.”

what?

The smile disappears from Cheongryeo’s face and annoyance returns.

“The efficiency is the worst.”

“…”

“There are groups that are already enjoying all the fun that comes with popularity.”

And then I realized who this guy was talking about.

“…Tea Holic.”

In reality they are just senior idols who maintain their group through entertainment.

We also appeared on their entertainment show. An old group that doesn’t expect much more from their music achievements and fills the topic with their sense of entertainment.

But not now…

This is… the time when Tea Holic is at its peak of activity.

“yes.”

Cheongryeo nods her head.

“Our opponent is Tea Holic at his peak.”
