---
title: "Chapter 399"
category: "book"
index: 398
section: "Chapter 399"
slug: "399"
---

# Chapter 399

Of course neither VTIC nor Testa were in the first group but at some point in the past there were other first-tier idols.

‘And now that means tea-holic.’

I was silent for a moment remembering the guys who collapsed on the sophistry of ‘distress is better than 1 billion’ on our entertainment show.

Thanks to that I did well with the magical girl theme song as a voluntary penalty.

At that time they acted like pure idiots but that was all for entertainment purposes and in fact they were the ones who enjoyed an absurd peak.

After those guys the male group that was properly considered ‘popular’ barely maintained its reputation until Testa emerged.

“This is the prime time before they enlist.”

“This title song released on March 22nd is scheduled to rank 8th on music sites annually.”

Cheongryeo predicted a terrible future without even blinking. Looking at their expressions it looks like they’ve had to restart quite a few times because of those T-holics.

But still.

“Let’s make this clear.”

This means that we are not in a situation where we have to consistently clear status ailments over several years.

“What we’re trying to do is short-term. “I’m not trying to consistently receive the grand prize over the medium to long term.”

“What is your intention in saying that?”

“There’s nothing complicated about thinking about the future.”

Image consumption management consistency fandom maintenance sustainable concept… there is no need for all of this.

All you have to do is get into Tea Holic just this year.

“Let’s see the volume outcome.”

Because it will be decided this year.

Qingli stared at me.

“I didn’t know that a rookie would succeed just by pouring in a lot of money.”

“If you can’t digest it you won’t succeed.”

I smiled toothily.

“But all the members have succeeded. “Half of them remember how to succeed.”

“…

These are people who have been at the top of the entertainment industry for at least 5 years and up to several decades. A product that has already proven sales.

“You just have to come up with a good strategy.”

“Tell me.”

I delivered the method I had in mind according to the timeline.

Two albums.

And a method that borders on fraud.

“The composition is good.”

Cheongryeo touched his chin and smiled slightly.

“Assuming there is a good song.”

It was a comment from a guy with a brain that had compressed and accumulated a database of songs for the next eight years.

I laughed too.

* * *

“I think this will be useful.”

The next day. As soon as he entered the recording studio he recorded seven songs as quickly as he remembered them and turned them into a pre-finished sound source.

It was a stunt that made me wonder if it was a human being but now I wonder if that’s the case.

I turned the song around and listened.

Some songs I know some I don’t.

And what I chose…

“this.”

“ah.”

It’s an R&B song about a rapper who worked hard for a long time but ends up getting drunk and driving.

“You chose well.”

The guy nods his head in sympathy. Well if the reviews are good even though I no longer have the ‘grasping ears’ that I originally had…

“I probably haven’t even thought of the top note for this yet. “I plan to come up with it while drinking in the fall three years from now.”

“…”

Did you mean that it was appropriate in that sense?

Anyway it doesn’t matter.

“good. Then arrange this.”

And the person to whom I entrust this…

“Do you compose music?”

“I know the theory exactly. But creation is the realm of the senses.”

“The song on the album is good.”

“I don’t think I have to explain the difference between the title and the included songs right?”

Are you coming? I guess I’ll just have to give it to the company to make it.

‘Still it would be nice to include the members’ names in the composition and lyrics… ’

And I had to choose one more song. It was when I was furiously shaking my head.

“There’s a member who handles music there.”

ah.

Anyone can tell that this is Kim Rae-bin’s story.

The guy says with a genuine smile.

“Try to awaken him.”

“Because it’s not something I want to do.”

“I guess it’s your junior’s intention to try.”

This is so annoying. Should I try it 10 times and spit out a list of failures to this guy’s face?

I pressed the ‘Draw 10’ button with a shocked face.

“It’s not floating. “To be chosen so easily…”

[Leap towards emergency…]

“…??”

[Huh!]

[★★★★★ Raebin Kim / Main Rapper]

“…”

“…”

“You picked it.”

“…”

Is it true?

Isn’t this system manipulating probability by looking at the facts?

‘Are you doing this because you got caught for bluffing Padrep with your parents?’

If you think something like that will work that’s a really stupid idea. anyway…

‘I won’t refuse.’

I immediately accepted Raebin Kim as a colleague. I had no intention of delaying.

And after a while.

Kim Rae-bin who was scheduled to return to Gangwon-do tonight and rest for about two days was still at the office building due to a meeting with a company employee.

“hello!”

“Oh yeah.”

And when I found him and pressed the awakening button Kim Rae-bin’s reaction can be summarized as follows.

1. Confusion.

“…! So this is a fake world? “Then are your grandmother grandfather and older sister… fake?”

2. Convince.

“Given that the act of awakening is possible there is a high possibility that people are real!”

And the question comes back as feedback and this cycle repeats forever.

“Exactly what started this phenomenon?”

“…?? If you were over the Pacific on a private plane whose private plane was it?”

Have no hesitation in asking questions.

When I came to my senses I realized that for the first time this guy was able to have some kind of telepathy with the ‘real Park Moon-dae’.

‘Is it real?’

I didn’t believe it either but they even delivered a pop-up message from Big Moon.

And this guy asks another question.

“Then which do you think is the more appropriate title Ryu Geon-woo or Park Moon-dae?”

“…Do what’s comfortable for you.”

“…! Even if the period is short you prefer a title that refers to the time when you had a relationship with the majority.”

Yes think whatever is convenient for you.

After a while Kim Rae-bin who had adapted to the situation in his own way seemed to be formulating complex theories inferences and formulas in his head.

And after going through the process of understanding again the conclusion reached is…

“If you need my biased abilities I will do my best!”

Fortunately it is productive.

Of course check it out.

I grabbed his shoulder.

“Even if you feel like you’re slightly infringing on other people’s rights?”

“…I believe my brother’s explanation that there will be a tacit understanding from everyone in order to restore the world to reality…”

“okay.”

Well thought out.

There were a lot of questions but it was easy to get started by getting them straight at the beginning.

I tapped the guy on the shoulder.

“Please take care of me.”

“Please take care of me!”

I returned to the officetel with the guy who had awakened like that.

Of course it doesn’t mean there were no side effects.

“Cha Yujin! you!”

“I told Raebin Kim to speak informally! Raebin Kim did it late!”

“It’s because you registered your birth late but you’re actually older than me and there’s no excuse for asking if that’s important in Korea!”

“…”

It felt like I was having a touching reunion with Cha Yu-jin at my officetel but it turned out like this at the end.

I don’t know but it seems like Cha Yu-jin made quite a bit of fun of that 17-year-old guy with no memory.

Anyway it was only after a while that Kim Rae-bin regained her composure through Ryu Cheong-woo and accepted the melody I presented.

It’s a song by that drunk driving rapper.

“I wish I could arrange this with just the melody but the melody is so kitsch.”

“Yes according to the top notes and riffs… what direction are you considering for the genre?”

“I wish it was a house.”

Raebin Kim nods his head and listens seriously as before when talking about work.

Then I threw the bait one more time.

“Ravin. And I’m sorry but I have to do one more thing.”

“yes?”

I passed play to the next file.

“This is it. “I hope both songs use similar instruments and have a series feel.”

Raebin Kim’s face lights up as she plays another melody she has chosen.

Yes I suffered from a pang of conscience trying to arrange the original song as if it were my own but this is not the case.

‘…Actually this is also true.’

-VTIC The comeback schedule was adjusted but due to the butterfly effect it didn’t come out this time. Has the composer given up?

Well that’s how it is.

“I understand.”

Kim Rae-bin who did not know the additional information that it was a hit melody that someone else would come up with in the future simply nodded enthusiastically.

“Shall we work quickly?”

“If possible start with the latter.”

I grinned.

“I’m going to pay for that first.”

It was the beginning of a series of presentation scenarios.

* * *

LeTi’s new male group that will debut after going through an in-house survival program.

[Countdown to Wishze’s debut… Will the music industry change?]

It didn’t take long for articles about their debut to appear with the group’s name using the spelling of their program ‘Wise’.

-The president seemed to be reformed and showed off to Inheart.

-They’ll come out with something gloomy so that means it’s good.

-I’m really looking forward to it. The kids are all wearing hats these days. Are they dyeing their hair?

After the survival competition the public temporarily lost interest but even after nearly two months the fan base that was formed hardly dissipated.

This is because the two people in question did not miss the timing.

“Even if you give the public a break you have to keep your fan base.”

“It’s just live communication and practice cameras.”

In an instant Wishz’s behind-the-scenes WeTube series was launched.

After its debut it was even planned to treat it as a reality prequel to ensure continuity.

It was good up to that point but the problem was next.

This is the concept of the debut song.

“The afterlife is too maniacal.”

“YES! “I’m so depressed!”

“Isn’t that the kind of atmosphere that the existing fan base of this agency expects? And the magic boy… well it’s going to be hard to get past the boss.”

Even though VTIC is outnumbered in terms of the number of awakened people the situation is tense as Jjambap is a government official.

“Wait a minute we’re not the only members so we should listen to other people’s thoughts as well.”

So I even asked for an objective evaluation of the two guys who were not awakened by Ryu Cheng-wu’s mediation.

Chaeyul and Shinno.

This was the reaction of the two people whom Park Moon-dae calls yes men.

“Wow… can’t we do both?”

“I know!”

“…”

It was their fault for expecting something from a rookie who hadn’t even debuted yet.

Park Mun-dae held back his sleep but Ju Dan lifted his chin.

“Indeed both the magic academy and the afterlife are settings that are in demand. Moreover the better you interpret symbols the more in-depth your work will be.”

“…??”

“Mundae no Geonwoo hyung. Have you ever thought of something like this?”

And Park Moon-dae realizes the use of Cheongryeo’s idea of ’sometimes hitting the jackpot’.

50 days after this meeting.

-Are you there?

-It’s up it’s awesomeㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-Pick to play right away

As time passed and the music video was finally released with domestic and overseas fans formed through 〈Wise〉 waiting with eager anticipation.

-omg

What people saw was the camera work going into a dark school where meteors were falling and the members standing at various facilities inside the school.

There choreography and close-up scenes take place against the backdrop of strange phenomena.

[one

two

three

Now grant my wish]

That’s right. VTIC and Testa created a new keyword by combining the concepts of their debut song.

〈School ghost story.〉

This was the theme of their debut song ‘Wish’.

-Letty

-I thought it would be like this but it’s better.

-The dog is handsome. The dog is handsome.

-I thought the world view would be mind-blowing but surprisingly it wasn’t that bad. It’s a bit like a game.

Incorporating nuances of thrill fear mystery and hunting between the strong dance song and camera work made the overall tone more intense.

Moreover the setting is a school.

Although likes and dislikes may differ there is one clear demand from those who want a strong debut.

It wasn’t a very popular choice but that wasn’t the target of this album.

“What we are targeting is overseas.”

It was the existing KPOP listener base.

When the three elements of synchronized dance strong music and strong concept fit together the needs of the demand group were satisfied and the fandom naturally increased.

Adding to the starting advantage of being a large agency overseas momentum was seen growing at an alarming rate.

“It seems like the company is trying to focus the schedule on that isn’t that what you wanted?”

“okay. “Good.”

Thanks to this they managed their debut activities in a way that thoroughly appealed to the fandom.

There were some fans who were slightly disappointed by the public awareness created through survival but the fandom steadily increased both domestically and internationally.

Moreover although it was still a long way from summer until the end of May it was hot enough due to global warming.

Thanks to this the ghost story concept did not stand out too much and was properly buried as a seasonal special element.

‘Just the right amount.’

The initial release of the album stopped at around 100000 copies but considering that this was before album inflation occurred it was very respectable.

This is especially true considering that it is a debut album.

‘It will be from the next album that the overseas fandom attracted here will start purchasing the album in earnest.’

They made a huge appeal with a song and concept that could appeal to the global fandom like crazy.

Now it was time to move on to the next step.

Park Moon-dae who came down from the last stage of debut song promotions Ryu Geon-woo declared to Cheongnyeo.

“As planned the next activity will not be delayed for a long time but will be repackaged within a month or two. “Don’t say anything else.”

“and?”

Ryu Geon-woo answered while looking at the person who asked the question clearly knowingly.

A strategy that borders on fraud.

“And… they change the route. “A completely popular song.”

To put it bluntly it’s a slap in the face.

By giving overseas fans the nuance that the next album would have a similar deep worldview and strong dance song feel the album’s pre-order sales continued to increase…

‘They’re just throwing out popular domestic songs that are likely to sell well.’

In this way the goal is to maximize album sales and lead the music charts.

Of course they planned to minimize the feeling of betrayal through sub-songs etc. but it was still a one-time show-off that they would never have done as a rookie if they had been the main group.

Moreover it doesn’t end here.

“Before that let’s push ahead with our individual activities.”

What would be the best way to get the public to listen to a song at least once?

It was to make a mark on a program that the public watched. That’s the biggest reason why they appear on entertainment shows during the comeback season.

Promotion.

But that’s it.

‘For that promotional activity… how about building up about 10 items for each member and dropping them all at the same time like a bombardment?’

All of the members are showing impressive performances through individual activities so what if they promote their new songs there?

“I’m sure there will be aggro.”

Park Moon-dae planned to take advantage of the advantage of being a group of 8 first-tier idol members who knew exactly what their appeal was.
