---
title: "Chapter 400"
category: "book"
index: 399
section: "Chapter 400"
slug: "400"
---

# Chapter 400

Idol individual activities.

It is usually done when a certain amount of annual leave has been accumulated and there are even those who do not even have full annual leave.

An example is right in front of you. Cheongnyeo.

“You’re probably right that VTIC didn’t have any personal activities until the contract was renewed.”

“I would say I helped the boss in his decision-making.”

The boss must have helped you express your opinion.

In any case it is common sense that it is done in a way that does not stimulate or divide the fandom too much.

Especially in the early days of debut strengthening the group is a priority.

But… if you just want one decisive hit then suturing personal fans is a part-time job.

It can be built.

“Let’s distribute the work right away.”

“There is no need to delay.”

Gather all the connections you can. As it is a large agency the fact that there are many programs that can be plugged in is an advantage but…

‘You can also take advantage of the fact that there are already successful people out there.’

Actor Bae Se-jin and Jairop Lee Se-jin.

The assistance of two people with the same name had already been promised.

– Bae Se-jin\: It’s already been discussed.

– Bae Se-jin\: I will contact you in the afternoon.

Bae Se-jin uploaded the OST of the movie she appeared in.

Originally they could participate as a group but since they have to focus on the next album title which will be released in a short period of time only some members participate for promotional purposes.

And big deal.

-Keun Se-jin\: I have a variety show that I’ll be a regular on so maybe I could appear together? Haha. The PD already asked me if I had a recommendation for a colleague.

-What kind of entertainment is this?

-Keun Se-jin\: Problem puppy rehabilitation entertainment~~~ (heartwarming bear emoticon)

As expected from a big show it’s a hit. I immediately recommended a qualified person who had raised dogs since childhood.

“I took care of Kgami… but all I did was give her a haircut.”

“Normally I don’t even cut the hair myself.”

So Liu Chengwu was immediately put in.

and…

“…”

“I’ve never lost money in this type of program.”

“Do whatever you want.”

Cheongryeo also appeared. I don’t think I can do it but somehow the feeling of fraud got stronger.

Aside from that all the guys who could go on based on their characteristics were put into programs that were doing well or would soon be doing well.

“I’m not the type of person who is very active in entertainment…”

“Udan you were famous for having the best sense of entertainment among VTIC.”

“It’s a rumor.”

I pushed Zhou Dan and the Yes Men into a disaster simulation observation show. It’s your decision so don’t think about saying anything to me.

“What do I do?? “I’m good at everything!”

“You are going to go to the army.”

“…!?”

And Cha Yu-jin was put into military entertainment. Since I’m someone who doesn’t usually go I believe I can endure this much.

After organizing it like that there is only one person left… well this guy.

I sent Kim Rae-bin to a variety show but she even called me before the filming that day.

-Hyung… No matter how much I think about it I don’t think this is right.

“why.”

Raebin Kim shouted in a low voice.

-Isn’t this… illegal participation?

That’s right. I made this guy participate in the student rapper survival show “School Rapping.”

This situation seems to be burdensome with an article being published as ‘A 17-year-old rookie idol student rapper from a major entertainment company’s entry into the survival show.’

-I’m not a student or a rookie but it seems like a kind of manipulation of my academic background…!

It looks like I’m still not convinced.

I opened my mouth.

“Whether you have been an idol for five years or one day you are still an idol there. “It’s because I think idols are in a different field than rappers.”

-…!!

“And student is not a title originally associated with age. “At any age if you are in school you are a student.”

-that…!

And actually Raebin Kim here has transferred to high school.

The sound beyond the smartphone was quiet for a while but soon an answer came.

-That’s… a valid point.

“uh. So don’t worry and do your best. It’s actually rude to do it roughly. “It seems like you’re looking down on me.”

-…! okay. I understand!

This means that Kim Rae-bin became a chaebol who intervened in children’s fights and ruined the game.

‘I’m already expecting a reaction.’

I reflected on my choices with some satisfaction.

At that time I got a call from the guy who asked for the OST.

-Bae Se-jin\: I’ll see you on set soon. I heard you guys are filming something together.

This is typical of a guy who made a surprisingly vague remark when talking about the OST saying that it reminded him of “Cosmic Gunner.” It also means that those who sing the OST will be briefly accompanied during the promotional schedule.

But still.

-I don’t sing the movie OST.

-Bae Se-jin\: ???

-Bae Se-jin\: Why are you a mebo?

-I don’t have time.

That’s right.

I moved on to other activities out of efficiency considerations. Lead vocalists with good voices are also suitable for OST.

So what should a main vocalist do to be cost-effective?

‘Kim Rae-bin will appear on Rapper Survival… If.’

And if it is a meta that uses proven abilities once more.

Actually isn’t it obvious where I’m going?

I recalled an article I checked a few days ago.

[Only ideas and songs… Special arrangement of 〈The Singer I Made〉]

This special program.

I was scheduled to appear once more on “The Singer I Made” which is still a prototype.

Of course I have no intention of carrying that unconventional flower head ‘The Groom of May’ again.

‘…Rather than that.’

We plan to create a character that can be more immersive.

I turned on my laptop in the car and started creating documents for the company. Since tomorrow is an afternoon schedule I will be able to complete it even if I stay up all night.

* * *

〈The Singer I Made〉 was not a cutting-edge program using holograms from the beginning.

It started with makeup.

People who created ‘singer avatars’ similar to characters at amusement parks appeared in person with masks covering their entire bodies and special makeup.

And now is the time for that to begin.

[The singer I created]

“oh.”

An idol fan who happened to be sitting in front of the TV was watching the screen without thinking.

She started out as the main vocalist but lost her passion after entering college.

‘I don’t have a child I care about.’

These days even when I saw the real thing I wasn’t particularly excited. It was clear that this was Doltaegi.

‘I guess this is because I’m an adult now… ’

The college student watched the explanations passing on the screen with no emotion.

[A singer recreated with ideas!]

‘…It’s bizarre.’

It won’t be standardized until a few years later but since it’s only the beginning so many characters pass by that you might wonder if they’ll turn off the aggro.

‘Wow the spider is the real Eva.

[Dancing Spider Queen]

[From the eight feet comes a poison that freezes people with emotion!]

Are you Medusa?

To be honest the sight of eight black feet sticking out from under the white spider web costume was something from a nightmare.

This was especially true because the quality of the doll’s mask was not good.

“Ugh.”

Still the song was well sung and had a strange cult appeal so the channel was fixed. (And this was also the reason why this special program became a regular program.)

Like that about 7 or 8 teams of all kinds of strange singers passed by in an instant. There were many cases where only one minute of singing was performed and only the winner emerged.

“Ugh.”

It’s time for her to get tired of this weirdness.

The program which was moving quickly finally stops and slowly introduces the next participant.

As if he were an important person.

[The participating singer this time is… a dog?]

And what waddled onto the stage was indeed a Welsh corgi holding a picket sign.

A full-body yellow dog doll outfit.

‘omg.’

It’s so ordinary that it feels a bit out of place.

‘Isn’t it too roughly planned?’

The singer wearing a blatantly ordinary cheap doll mask that can be seen anywhere struggled and moved up onto the stage.

Then there is a close-up of the picket.

[Looking for a strong companion]

“Big!”

Viewers who thought of comments such as ‘Please love me’ almost heard the joke.

Character descriptions appear along with flashing effects that are somewhat B-grade.

[Your house Welsh Corgi]

[Eager job seeker who has mastered all kinds of tricks and personal skills]

[Declaration of participation\: Raise it (yeah?) Raise it]

‘What is that!’

It was a comment that somehow made the shiny eyes of the doll mask feel shameless.

“You must be crazy.”

Even as he said that the college student raised his head and looked at the screen.

‘Is he a comedian? For some reason I don’t think I’m good at singing.’

But the music started playing and he finally started singing…

-Up above the clouds!

“…!”

It was a cool band song with bright vocals and strong high notes.

‘Uh oh.’

A song that blatantly boasts of her singing skills enough to completely change the B-class atmosphere.

“Who are you? “You’re good~”

“Uh huh.”

I reacted reflexively to what my mother said as she passed by the living room but it was also sincere.

Are you really good at it?

At that moment the college student slightly changed his mental attitude from thinking about it as a way to kill time.

I was curious about the Welsh Corgi’s next stage.

[The winner is… your Welsh Corgi!]

The Welsh Corgi impressively advanced to the second round with tremendous cheers. The back somehow looked brave.

And it didn’t break down in later rounds either. No on the contrary it shows a more diverse side.

In the second round they sing a sad trot song with another concept-filled participant and in the third round they sing an emotional ballad.

The tone changes quickly and the song is performed like a stunt.

‘You look handsome in a dog mask… ’

The college student narrowed his eyes at the sight of the Welsh Corgi playing tricks saying he wanted to know why he bothered to create a character.

And finally the final one-on-one match to determine the winner.

The editing flows smoothly without even being called tense.

[All participating singers will sing the same song announced in advance!]

If the song selection is the same the difference in skill becomes more noticeable.

And the Welsh Corgi’s skills were truly outstanding.

-Be my light

Even after this time passes

you last forever

The Welsh Corgi who performed the female singer’s song in original key almost mentally defeated the spider and won in the end.

It was overwhelming.

Wow!!

“Wow.”

What was this? She was momentarily thrilled by the vicarious satisfaction she felt from an overwhelming victory.

On the screen a Welsh Corgi is doing a pretty cute victory dance. It’s a performance like an experienced worker at an amusement park.

Then at the same time I became curious.

‘Who is it? ‘Who is it?’

In times like this it’s collective intelligence!

As soon as the broadcast ended she went online and checked real-time search terms.

Sure enough ‘the singer I created’ and ‘your house’ were already popping up as search terms.

-Wow it’s fun.

-I am a legend looking at this and wondering what all this is all about.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ But me too ㅇㅇ

-No but who is the real Welsh Corgi? Haha is it Kang Seong-chu?

└The voices are really similar.

└It’s been a long time since you used up your vocal cordsㅠ Absolutely not~!

However no sharp figures are selected.

‘uh?’

There are all kinds of speculations such as ‘she is an established singer’ or ‘she is the vocalist of an indie band’. A famous idol’s main vocalist also appears in an unusual atmosphere.

If there were so many people talking like this it would be easy to narrow down the target audience.

And the college student thought seriously.

‘It’s an idol.’

Maybe it’s because these people don’t accept claims from idol fans due to prejudice but their acting and dancing skills were nothing out of the ordinary.

It was clearly a product of training and time!

An unknown idol main vocalist who sings well! There are already similar cases so place your bets here!

‘Wow this is going crazy.’

Suddenly tension surged through the college student’s body.

‘Ah I don’t even know your face so why are you nervous?’

It was a sign of acceptance.

In the end even though she went through a strange period of irregularity she waited with excitement for next week’s broadcast.

I watched the performances of all kinds of unknown idols to try to guess and my eyes were bloodshot but in the end I couldn’t pick just one person.

‘please!’

Today is the end of this special program so I’ll show you my face! Then the conclusion will be one that cools down and burns down!

She swallowed her saliva and watched the program.

[The singer I created!]

[A head-to-head competition between burning ideas and singing skills]

[The second half starts right now.]

Also there are a lot of strange and bizarre characters and every once in a while an ordinary character appears that seems to have been put together.

But there is no wit like ‘Your Welsh Corgi’.

‘Unrivaled.’

Saying that she had to admit what she had to admit she beat the Welsh Corgi by decision about eight times and waited impatiently for the program to end.

And after a little over an hour the winner of this episode was finally revealed.

[The last opponent the ‘Cauldron Spaceship’ will meet…?]

A dog holding a picket comes up onto the stage.

[Appearance of the winning singer in the first half]

[〈Your Home Welsh Corgi〉]

“Whoop.”

The college student took a deep breath and watched TV.

In the meantime Welsh Corgi changed his picket.

[Looking for a strong companion]

“Sigh.”

You lowered your standards…!

‘There is a narrative… there is a narrative.’

In an era when job hunting has become more difficult Welsh Corgi started the final stage with a bang drawing laughter from the audience.

Darkness slowly falls on the stage.

widely.

The spotlight turns on.

There is no change in the face of a dog holding an ordinary one-handed microphone. But a pleasant voice comes out of it.

[There is someone looking for you]

The Welsh Corgi began the last song as if telling a story.
