---
title: "Chapter 402"
category: "book"
index: 401
section: "Chapter 402"
slug: "402"
---

# Chapter 402

The new song to be released has already been prepared at the same time as the debut song.

It took some behind-the-scenes work to prepare like a double title and omit one at the last minute but the important thing is that the performance has already been completed.

So when is the perfect time to explode this original energy?

“Ravin the finals are already this week.”

“Yes!”

This is right after Kim Rae-bin’s 〈School Wrapping〉 final stage.

It would be best if Kim Rae-bin won and made a comeback with this song when the buzz was at its peak.

But do you think it would be too hasty to be sure of winning already?

‘no.’

Unless Kim Rae-bin sings the first verse in full on the final stage this guy can’t lose.

As I watched Raebin Kim sitting in front of the sofa and furiously tapping away at his laptop I recalled his biography of “School Wrapping.”

First of all the appearance scene.

[Ugh.]

[Participant with strong impression appears]

When a fierce-looking guy wearing full piercings enters there are looks of wariness admiration and searching.

However the mood changes with the next words.

[Hello… This is Raebin Kim from Wishz a group that debuted 35 days ago. i look forward to!]

[!]

Kim Rae-bin is said to have responded without any doubt when asked to openly emphasize ‘new faces’ and ‘idol groups’.

Of course the editing came out like this.

[Why go here?]

[Honestly if you are a large agency there are probably other ways.]

[You look good. (laugh)]

It’s obvious. It’s like I can’t admit it.

However this time like an obvious but popular cliché the evaluation is overturned.

[hmm?]

Kim Rae-bin came in and rapped with a puzzled look on his face saying ‘Why aren’t you coming in…?’ to an ambiguous beat where all the participants had declared that they had passed.

And he did extremely well.

[!!!]

In conclusion when Episode 1 of “School Wrapping” ended Kim Rae-bin’s cypher was listed as an unofficial clip on the popular video rankings on WeTube.

Of course there was a lot of backlash.

-17 years old doing this? Yes Suzak hahahaha

-The company must have told you in advance haha. Do you believe this?

-Even if you knew the beat in advance wouldn’t the punch line be acceptable? If you don’t have a sense of it it’s not something you can make by worrying about it.

└I guess I also received coaching~

However Raebin Kim performed well in her next solo exhibition as well.

-??

And then the team match and then the collaboration match.

The process of creating your own song

After recording for three days and broadcasting it in quick replay there was nothing more to talk about.

[I work in this way but it is still difficult to purchase more professional equipment so I often rent a company studio!]

[I have some time left today so I’m thinking of concretizing a new beat. And we brought in Moon… no Ryu Geon-woo as the guide vocalist.]

And that song was damn good too.

Every time the program ends they even appear on the real-time music charts proving their skills.

-It is said that he was originally a failed producer but after seeing his face he tried to convince him to become an idol.

-The world is fucking unfair. It’s like a dog.

-Well from my perspective it feels like a thoroughly planned product. It feels like a unique product from an idol agency. If you run out of repertoire you will fail.

That didn’t happen.

Kim Rae-bin emerged as an overwhelming candidate for the championship both in name and reality winning all missions like breaking a seal from episodes 2 to 9.

In addition the fact that he was the grandson of a strawberry farming family in Gangwon-do combined with his naturally polite appearance made him quite popular as a character.

A stable two-headed carriage.

At this point even some of the people who were looking at it crookedly changed their attitude slightly.

– LOL I feel like I want to shoot the bastard who tried to persuade Kim Rap to become an idol. He earned a lot of money from music and lived in a dorm for 7 years like a gunman. I can’t stand it.

-Yes worldwide K-pop is more profitable~ Of course if you look at the money it’s Letty Idol XX Gods hahaha

-All the people who see his face are obsessed with him. Kim Rap is the winner anyway so why are you giving up on being an idol?

It means that one skill is recognized.

It had to be that way. Raebin Kim was stirring around as if he were a species disturbing the ecosystem.

On the contrary even though the production team created Kim Rae-bin’s crisis situation for fun it was revealed that it was a fraud in the next episode which further strengthened the viewers’ perception.

And now only the ending is truly left.

Ryu Cheong-woo sits friendly next to Kim Rae-bin.

“How is your relationship with the cast? “Is everyone still nice to you?”

“yes. “I think they think I’m younger and give me more consideration.”

The guy who was tired of feeling pressured by a 17-year-old and understood his bowing down as an expression of consideration nodded.

However it seems like this guy also had something on his mind.

“I… But is it really okay if someone else does the final featuring? “I thought it would have a promotional effect as the viewership ratings were decent but…”

The question is why the featuring for the last stage was not chosen from Wishz Group.

This is because Kim Rae-bin’s last song featuring was chosen as the lead vocalist by a popular member of Soft Sweet.

I chuckled.

“Featuring is originally a collaboration with an outside party. “Performing on stage will be more meaningful if you do it with someone else rather than us.”

“indeed…! “That’s true.”

Of course this is not the real reason.

This is to control the level of acceptance by people.

‘Group recognition shouldn’t feel like coercion.’

Such blatant tying actually causes resentment.

Delicate control is necessary to prevent the now-swelled topic from fading out or turning into antipathy.

Of course this does not mean that you will stop being associated with it at all.

“Still I want to go watch the finals is that okay?”

It would be heartwarming to at least cheer for a group.

“…! “Of course I am grateful!”

“I’ll go and cheer hard!”

“Thank you senior!”

“Ugh Ravin we debuted together call me hyung!”

“oh.”

I took my eyes off Kim Rae-bin who was talking like a comic with Oh Yun-shin and checked the schedule again.

And three days later.

Pollen explodes on the stage during the set of “School Wrapping” where all members took time off from their schedules to visit.

pop.

[&lt;School Wrapping&gt; Season 2’s long-awaited winner is… Kim Rae-bin!]

Wow!!!

There were no twists or unexpected situations.

Kim Rae-bin won on the last stage with an overwhelming competency-oriented performance that pushed through technique.

‘It was useful to give advice in this direction to prevent disagreements.’

Moreover he was the only one who pushed it to the level of violence.

The featured song Soft Sweet was the best choice in that it slightly brightened the mood and improved the quality of the sound source by pushing the tone and response.

Attempts to disparage Raebin Kim will not work.

‘good.’

[Thank you… Thank you! We will repay you with even more improvement!]

I applauded Kim Rae-bin who held up the Great King’s golden ID card while receiving congratulations from the cast.

Preparation is over.

A few days later.

[Slap winner emerges]

[Kim Rae-bin who was an idol from beginning to end]

[Honestly Raebin Kim is such a waste]

It was the weekend after three days with Kim Rae-bin winning and being flooded with articles and reactions as expected of a popular survival show.

Slowly articles began to appear.

[LeTi Monster Rookie Wishze “Self-produced album to be released soon”]

This is news of Wishz’ comeback with their self-composed title. Although it was already announced during pre-orders the media was deliberately encouraged once more.

The keyword is ‘self-producing’.

Naturally the title of the article inevitably reminds people of Kim Rae-bin and people are attracted to the topic that has not cooled down yet.

-You should listen to this one.

-Is Raebin Kim in this group? It’s a good song

└Not only Kim Rae-bin but also Eugene Chado and Ryu Geon-woo are in this group.

└?

└Four-legged friends Jaehyun and Cheongwoo are also in this group~

└The three funny dogs who worshiped newspapers in King of Escape are also here.

└What on earth is happening?

This comment was captured and circulated around the Internet. I applauded this as a desirable phenomenon.

There was no need to pause further.

“It would be better not to release the teaser separately. “There is no need to waste this buzz with a teaser.”

“okay.”

So after satisfying expectations with a teaser that included only the addictive whistle sound of the bridge the song and music video were released the very next week.

* * *

“…”

Inside an international plane.

A man sitting in first class accessed the Internet using the recently launched in-flight WIFI.

It was something that did not suit his tendency to read books but now there was something he wanted to see.

‘Ah it came out.’

As soon as you access WeTube the video you were looking for appears without any search.

[Wishze ‘Timer’ Official Music Video]

It was a new song by the rookie group Wishes.

Perhaps because their debut activities were excellent the number of views was already impressive.

The man recalled their debut for a moment and then nodded inwardly.

‘Yes it was good.’

Wishes’ debut mini album met the demand of the KPOP fandom with a minor yet artistic sensibility that presented a ghost story of a modern European-style boarding school.

The stage was also great. The dance performance using long props that seemed to be taken from pointers was also very unique and attractive.

So much so that I almost accidentally sent a long review to the person in question.

‘It’s a good thing I didn’t send it.’

The man let out a small sigh of relief.

Such a commercial and harsh sensibility would not have been familiar to the original man… but for some reason I kept coming back to it.

“…”

The man erased the feeling of sinking for no reason.

Because it’s not a feeling that’s helpful for working. Instead I clicked on the video I wanted to watch.

Wishes’ new song.

‘Will it give me a similar feeling this time?’

In fact Wishes’ fans had similar expectations. An intense and provocative dance song.

But when the man actually clicked on their new title… it wasn’t like that.

[Um h-hm~]

As before there is a band sound but there is room.

[Should I turn the timer and go to the past?

Back when we were still together]

The sound became lighter.

And the singing style is grooved and simple.

[Smile on your shy face

A meteor falling from above us

I still remember today too

[Thinking about U]

The song unfolds as two types of melodies catchy with the sound of high-quality instruments.

There is no avant-garde story or grand narrative in the music video.

It’s just that the choreography cuts on the rooftop of a cool night school with shooting stars pouring down and the personal cuts with lots of cool objects are just mixed.

A song that sings about childhood memories from youth.

A song that everyone can listen to without any worries regardless of the speaker.

So to speak there was nothing to cringe about. So there is no difference in likes or dislikes.

Just extremely popular and stylish.

A song that everyone will enjoy.

Right now the melody was already in the man’s ears.

[Move the timer

Your image on cam

the picture is shiny

When I think of it it flashes in my mind]

I like this too.

I didn’t feel the same way but this relaxed popular song somehow touched my heart.

[Sparkle!]

He even watched the ending of the music video where the members looked back and smiled.

It was good but… it made me feel strangely upset.

“…”

But after thinking about it he turned on the messaging app.

‘…It doesn’t seem like he likes me very much.’

Still I wanted to contact you. So he typed the text with slightly trembling hands.

[I really like the song.]

[I’m on my way to Korea and I think I’ll hear it a lot on the streets.]

The recipient was ‘Ryu Geon-woo’. And just as Sun Ah-hyun thought when she arrived and was carrying out her schedule the streets were filled with Wishes’ music.

* * *

“What rank are you in?”

Cheongryeo smiled at the nervous question and lifted up her smartphone. Floating on the screen was the daily music chart.

“No. 1.”

“…!!”

“Awesome!!”

Experienced workers are also laughing among the screaming people.

No matter what there’s no way to get to #1 on a music chart without doing something crazy like this so it would be a lie to say that it’s honestly not impressive.

‘Actually this is our first time too.’

VTIC is probably not something you experience often. I took a fresh look at the daily #1 song.

“Thank you Lavin!”

“thank you so much!”

“all. “I don’t deserve to receive such an undeserved thank you for the accomplishments we all achieved together…”

“Good job Raebin Kim!”

“Oh my.”

I chuckled as I watched Raebin Kim collapse in a heap of countless hugs.

Cheongryeo smiles and approaches and speaks softly.

“The most difficult thing remains. maintain.”

“uh.”

yes.

If you are aiming for a sound source maintaining power is a must.

‘You have to solidify your ranking and run for a long time to get the right score.’

The song and strategy were all good so to be honest I’m not confident in defending my ranking but that doesn’t mean I’m going to give up from now on.

So we need to make sure that the song is consistently heard in entertainment programs and internet content.

“You can’t be pushed around by Tea Holic.”

“It’s going to be busy.”

Various global tours and overseas activities are all stop this time.

All efforts were put into scheduling promotional appearances.

…and then something like this happens.

“…! hello.”

…to appear on a variety show like Sun Ah-hyeon while wearing a denim skirt.

I managed to respond.

“…yes.”

“I had no idea it was like this.”

Oh me too.

‘I’m going to go back.’

Why is Ballerino Gukppong Named not appearing as a special feature and coming with us?
