---
title: "Chapter 403"
category: "book"
index: 402
section: "Chapter 403"
slug: "403"
---

# Chapter 403

The filming location of the public broadcast variety show “Chicken Only for the Winner.”

‘Ah it’s an idol again.’

The regular cast members were not very impressed with the guest lineup they received in advance.

This program is a typical weekend entertainment program aimed at families where guests are invited to play physical games and talk together so there is no pressure to appear.

Moreover thanks to the fact that it was widely exported overseas all kinds of promotional appearances were popular.

‘Still this week’s kids are worthy of their names.’

They were kids from a large agency who sang the hottest songs these days. I’m not saying I was stabbed to show up at this level but I think it would be at a casting level.

What is surprising is the special guest that was suddenly announced.

‘Wow awesome’

Ballerina Sun Ah-hyeon!

I suddenly entered the country as if I was filming an Oprah commercial for the season and it seems like the production crew somehow managed to ask.

Originally he would not have been that awkward if he had a solo special but due to time constraints and planning issues he was scheduled to appear as a special guest.

Should we take this opportunity?

After being greeted by a Wishz member who came to the waiting room like a rookie the guest slowly stood up.

“older brother?”

“Hey follow me.”

Since there was no way Sun Ah-hyun would come to say hello she planned to go and make a name for herself.

‘If I’m lucky I might be able to use it as a story somewhere… ’

But when I arrived at Sun Ah-hyun’s waiting room.

The place was empty.

“…??”

The staff tells us.

“I… I heard that I went to see them.”

“who?”

“Wishes Wishes.”

He’s not even an MC but he’s in the rookies’ waiting room? No matter how unusual his momentum may be he is a rookie who just debuted…

“Why did they do some survival show and he appeared as a mentor there?”

“ah.”

That was understandable.

‘I have a reputation in my own way.’

Of course I don’t expect filming to go smoothly.

The selling point for people of similar age is people with similar arts and physical education skills?

‘It’s a fight it’s a fight.’

The cast nodded.

I think I might have to laugh only when the camera rolls and see the mood change once it’s over.

Sure enough a little while after filming began as soon as the special guest appeared everyone was busy evaluating it.

Use existing guests to invite special guests!

“You’re so handsome really~”

“Ahyeon you’re a complete idol right?”

“If you look at it this way… it looks like a group like Iya?”

It was a common comment to get people excited but it was also true. Even writers like the sight of three men with standard beauty dolls side by side.

‘Women will really like it.’

The cast was busy looking at the obvious situation and giving their reactions.

Anyone can see that this is a situation where a special guest benefits by sacrificing an existing guest.

But surprisingly the existing guests accepted the situation gently and cheerfully without any awkward pretentious nuance.

They even went so far as to give Sun Ah-hyun a seat between them.

“If you stand like this… you’re a salty center.”

“ha ha ha!”

‘How?’

For a rookie doesn’t he have good guts? Moreover the more I filmed the more I learned.

What a blessing these guys are there are countless episodes to use for talk and content.

“Don’t you know bro? The one who escaped from the exploded building with just a newspaper! I guess they also heard about this method from the members. “It’s unique.”

“Jaehyun you also know how to rope~ Are you planning on enlisting after Eugene?”

“if! Mr. Ravin can you do a vocal imitation?”

Every time we play a game all the members are mentioned in turn to the point where the MC knows them all and agrees with them.

Moreover they each have their own characters and episodes so the conversation is centered around them.

Only then did the regular performer sense it keenly.

‘These guys… the plan is ridiculously well planned?’

I get the feeling that this isn’t going to be a one-hit wonder with just one good song.

This was the first group since T-Holic where each member had their own recognition. But even the song became such a huge hit.

This group which came out of T-Holic’s hiatus of just a few months with great skill had a great smell.

The smell of great success.

‘Keumm.’

Looking at it that way the guys who are currently appearing also look new and better.

First off I work hard have enough guts and have good sense.

‘It seems like we get along well.’

When it’s time for a break the younger one smiles and keeps talking to the older one and the older one accepts it but it doesn’t seem like he’s ignoring it or just showing off.

‘You didn’t listen to me did you?’

I was nodding my head and thinking about how to make friends but I felt similar gazes from somewhere.

When I turn my gaze… I see Sun Ah-hyun.

Quietly watching the rookies.

“…?”

huh?

Just like you Sun Ah-hyun seems to look there every time she has a break…?

The gaze quickly disappeared but the performer felt it.

‘What?’

Do you really want to become friends?

However although it would be tempting to talk to such a famous person one more time the two newcomers seem to be very careful and do not talk to Sun Ah-hyun first.

And the cast had their own guess as to why that was so.

Because he also heard rumors about Sun Ah-hyun.

‘But you still have no sense. You have no sense.’

You’re going to owe me something for this?

He clicked his tongue happily and took advantage of the time to change the data card to talk to the rookie.

To be exact when the one who was one year older was left alone.

“Oh… what do you think? Is it okay to film?”

“Thanks for your consideration I am working hard to take pictures. thank you.”

I set the mood by chatting to the polite guy about various things.

Then after quietly bringing up the topic of Sun Ah-hyun…

It gets to the point!

“He’s a little chilly right?”

“…?”

Rookie Ryu Geon-woo’s eyes widen slightly and then return to normal.

The regular cast members laughed inwardly because they were trying to give a good reaction by pretending to be curious which was quite refreshing for a newcomer.

“People who do art are kind of like that. I guess it’s even more so because he’s so handsome. “This feels a little different from entertainers like us.”

That’s right.

Sun Ah-hyun was well known in broadcasting circles for her reputation as ‘drawing a line.’

People are polite but that’s it. Some say that it is as if the world we live in is different.

‘There are some people who sarcastically say that they have devoted their lives to the noble ballet.’

It was an attitude that younger children might find rude or unpleasant. The cast fully understood that.

Of course this was the thought of the person listening to this.

‘What kind of bullshit is this guy?’

Ryu Geon-woo barely answered.

“…hmm. “You were kind.”

“yes. But now he doesn’t want to make friends anymore… That’s how I feel.”

“…”

“But actually it seems like he wants to get closer to you guys? “He kept looking towards us… uh Wishes.”

“ah…”

Ryu Geon-woo was speechless for a moment. The performer intended to continue giving advice with a subtle smile but…

“hello.”

“Uh huh.”

Shin Jae-hyeon a member who is one year younger returns and speaks to the performer.

“No I came here to ask if there were any inconveniences during filming.”

“also. “I heard that my senior always takes care of new talent at the year-end awards ceremony…”

“Ah hmm do you know that?”

“sure. “It’s a really famous story.”

During this time there was no entertainer whose details Shin Jae-hyun could not understand.

Ryu Geon-woo thought while he was quickly dispatching the performer who had been brought in at his own pace.

‘Sun Ah-hyun cuts people by class…?’

There seemed to be no such strange proposition.

‘What on earth happened?’

Ryu Geon-woo almost looked back at Sun Ah-hyeon for a moment but stopped.

There is no need to do that right?

“Do you want to write?”

Ryu Geon-woo exhaled in response to Shin Jae-hyeon’s question which sent the contestant away.

“no.”

There was no time to indulge in unnecessary sentimentality and the target was in front of me.

‘Just look ahead.’

So he continued filming without wavering.

What continued after the break was a blatant special guest promotion part.

A corner to learn simple ballet movements.

Of course promotional opportunities are also given to existing guests here. Slightly at the end of the corner.

“I’ve even tried ballet so shall we try idol dancing?”

“Oh~”

Shin Jae-hyeon and Ryu Geon-woo came to the front according to the set script.

“You can dance like this. “By moving your shoulders like this.”

“Oh!”

When Shin Jae-hyun demonstrates a choreography that intentionally uses kitschy hand movements the cast members join in and show body gags.

And they even try to throw it away.

“Ah~ By any chance Ahyeon?”

The movements of special guests.

However what surprised the cast was that Sun Ah-hyun who they thought would be reluctant came out right away.

As if waiting.

“If you do this…”

“yes.”

And we digest it without even realizing it.

“…!”

It is not possible simply by doing similar body movements but rather a feeling unique to those who have been repeatedly trained.

Shin Jaehyun narrowed his eyes.

‘Are there any left?’

Of course that feeling passed in an instant and the cast members were impressed.

“You’re good~ You could really be an idol right?”

“I know. “What do you two think?”

‘Do you really think I couldn’t have done it?’

Even though Ryu Geon-woo thought he was asking the obvious he nodded and followed the trend.

“I think so too.”

“Oh of course! “Ahyeon do you ever think about officially trying out idol dance?”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to hesitate for a moment but that moment disappeared.

“I really appreciate the compliment… but I am still a ballerina.”

“Ah you are firm.”

“This is the craftsmanship!”

Sun Ah-hyun just smiled and nodded. So Ryu Geon-woo asked without thinking.

“It seems like you really like ballet. “Are you always focused on that?”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun slightly lowers her gaze and speaks calmly.

“Because it’s my everything. “I never thought about anything else.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae was convinced by the answer.

‘Is it because of such a single-minded voice that such a strange rumor started to spread?’

And the performer who was watching shrugged his shoulders thinking that his advice had worked.

‘This is how you make connections. after.’

And the filming entered the final main corner.

* * *

I held back a sigh.

‘It’s almost over.’

Nowadays this type of entertainment is so easy that you can pretend it is sincere even with your eyes closed. Plus the last main corner is easier.

-Right away~ treasure hunt~!

Well isn’t there something like hiding mines and treasure in an abandoned building and finding the treasure but if you have more than a few mines you’re ruined?

It seems like this happens every time a program like this comes out.

‘I can do it even if I take out my brain.’

Of course you really shouldn’t do that.

I waved three or four gift boxes in my hands in front of the camera.

“Hey are all of these really treasures? I think the probability is that they are all land mines…”

“We don’t know either~~”

“…yes.”

Oh I know it’s a treasure. I’ve calculated all your movements.

I created an alibi by deliberately asking the cameraman so I pretended to be anxious and started my next move.

It would be funny if they exchanged a reasonable amount of money and then exploded only to later feel aggrieved when they found out that it was all treasure.

‘Should I find an MC?’

So it was time to go down the stairs to find someone who would be receptive to the exchange scene.

“…Geonwoo?”

“…!”

Just then I see a guy coming up the stairs.

Sun Ah-hyeon was running around.

There is a maroon box in my hand.

‘…hmm.’

…It wouldn’t be a bad idea to let that guy win. He’s a special guest… and he’s someone who exalts national prestige to his elders.

I ran over and held out the gift box I was carrying.

“You’ve come at the right time. Bro do you want to change this? “For some reason I thought it would cheer me up to see you find it…”

“yes?”

[Ding dong!]

[10 minutes left until the end~]

The atmosphere is also good.

I waved the gifts as if I was in a hurry.

“Um… how about a 2 to 1 exchange? “I’ll give you two.”

“…”

“If you give me just one thing…”

Sun Ah-hyeon suddenly became speechless.

‘what.’

Still aren’t you aware that it’s a broadcast?

When I look at him puzzled by the rising tension.

The guy opens his mouth again.

“I told myself…”

“…?”

“I gave it to you.”

He gripped his box so hard that it crumpled and muttered softly.

“Golden ball.”

“…!”

“I got it right before the bell rang.”

what.

The guy who was talking almost like he was in a trance kept his mouth shut. But suddenly he raised his head.

“…Oh I’m sorry! “Something suddenly occurred to me… and I said it without realizing it.”

“…”

“I appreciate that you will give me a lot if you need an exchange but… we will do it one-on-one as well.”

[brother. now…?]

I noticed even if I didn’t call.

The golden ball that Sun Ah-hyun just mentioned.

‘I… gave it to that guy in Azusa.’

A treasure hunt corner where you can find balls containing personal broadcast keywords.

Just like now… random with unknown contents.

There I exchanged it for the guy’s bronze ball containing ‘frozen food’.

And of course ballerina Seon Ah-hyeon here cannot have such memories.

[But I just said it!]

uh.

So what is this situation?
