---
title: "Chapter 404"
category: "book"
index: 403
section: "Chapter 404"
slug: "404"
---

# Chapter 404

…Seon Ah-hyun remembers the event from the time of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

After the guy threw a bombshell and disappeared I checked my status window again to the point where it was crazy.

However nowhere is Sun Ah-hyeon mentioned.

Whether it’s a coworker lottery or mail.

‘Isn’t it the influence of this system?’

[Have you ever had a similar experience in this world?]

It’s not that I didn’t doubt it but…

‘The timing is too perfect for that to be true.’

Apply for a random box exchange at a 1\:2 ratio with the expiration date just around the corner. Isn’t this a very similar situation?

Moreover why does ballet dancer Seon Ah-hyeon recall the unique experience of ‘receiving the gold ball before the bell rings’ in such a meaningful way?

‘…No matter how much you think about it that’s less likely.’

[Then again Sun Ah-hyun…?]

okay.

As soon as filming ended that day I posted a message in the Testa group message room.

-Has anyone ever had an afterimage of something in reality before regaining their memories?

Answers pour in pushing out the previous record of pouring out jokes to newcomer Kim Rae-bin.

-Cha Yu-jin\: I’m not that person! -!

-Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: There was nothing in particular but I think I felt a sense of discomfort.

-Keun Se-jin\: Haha I felt a sense of familiarity with our members. Do you appreciate that too?

And I must have thought it through carefully until the answer came a little late.

-Kim Rae-bin\: Now that I think about it when I first saw it in front of Strawberry House I thought it looked vaguely familiar! However since no specific image came to mind it does not seem to apply.

In conclusion although there are people who have a vague feeling no one can recall specific scenes or information.

‘hmm.’

I pressed my chin.

It was then. Suddenly a phone call came.

[Bae Se-jin]

This is the guy who didn’t get an answer.

“…?”

Is there really a case so grand that it needs to be done over the phone?

I pressed the receive button.

However as soon as I answer the phone instead of sharing my experience this guy gets straight to the point.

-Are you talking about Sun Ah-hyun?

“…!”

-The only one left among us is Sun Ah-hyun so that’s her… no?

I always read books and I also read some mystery novels.

“That’s true.”

-…!!

It’s ridiculous to even deny it. Then a slight breathing sound is heard from the speaker.

-What did Sun Ah-hyeon remember??

“It’s just not that big of a deal.”

I roughly explained the situation at the time. Bae Se-jin listened quite well but ultimately reacted like this.

-… okay. But I don’t know why this is important. Anyway you can ask me directly after I get your memories back.

“Because it doesn’t happen as you wish.”

-You’ve made all the other kids come to their senses so far. Doesn’t Sun Ah-hyun also have a chance?

He continues speaking in a low fairly calm voice.

-To me it looks like you’re giving up without even trying.

Why has this guy suddenly become so sharp?

I answered reluctantly.

“It’s not that I’m giving up it’s just that I don’t need it. It looks like Sun Ah-hyun is still doing well. “I also had success as a ballet dancer.”

-what? Just because you are socially successful does not necessarily mean you are living well.

He spoke firmly but hesitated a bit in the next sentence.

-… If it’s because of the trauma or something that doesn’t seem to exist… I understand… I understand.

But his voice becomes firm again.

-But just because it looks that way on the outside doesn’t mean it’s the same on the inside.

“…”

…Because I didn’t go around talking about it when I was having a hard time.

I remembered the guy from Azusa.

A guy who was so aggressive and uncooperative that he couldn’t be compared to what he is now. So I thought he was just a guy with a personality that I couldn’t use but after we spent time together I found out that he was a guy with his own circumstances and strengths.

‘I am indeed.’

I held back a sigh.

“…That’s right. “Then I’ll take back what I said earlier… and just say that I doubt whether this guy has any memories.”

-Hmm okay.

The guy who seemed to be proud without knowing why was silent for a moment and then suddenly smiled.

What else?

-…! Then how about trying Sun Ah-hyun one more time? I’ll make a place for you!

“…??”

By what means?

“Brother?”

-okay. Then you… just need to take some time.

“What time?”

-Practice time.

* * *

A few weeks later.

Wishes’ latest song ‘Timer’ completely succeeded in hitting the top tier.

The crazy staying power that still remains in the top 3 of the daily charts is stronger than the original song by The Guy Who Drunk While Driving.

Raebin Kim’s arrangement and perfect exposure strategy achieved perfect synergy and balance.

‘good.’

And time passed and it was already October.

Now people are starting to talk about Wishes’ possibility of winning.

Its fame and popularity are still nothing compared to T-Holic.

However if you only look at the music records and considering the value of the agency’s name these people are starting to show their differences.

[Is there a possibility of being eligible for Wishz?]

[It is right for Wishz to receive the cut if the grades are cut off]

[Is T-holic being pushed out like this? It’s a shame the fans must be worried]

[Wishes’ next album really needs to come out well because there are serious signs of division…]

In a place where there is a moderate fight this is about it.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ I’m addicted to it. Well there are some young and nice guys so why are you sucking it up?

-Doesn’t anyone know that it was posted as a main work of Wezoz’s tuning fork? Letido is the #1 music hoarder.

└The life of making rumors by being passionate about rookies haha

– Wiseon’s version It’s really good to get sick after a while. It’s just a matter of splitting into a pile of fans. It’s barely healed with crazy grades right now.

└This is all the fault of the supplementary class.

└You know that Oh Yun-dari is a bastard who can’t accept the favor.

It was a month when this mess was slowly building up behind the scenes.

Park Moon-dae thought that because it was rising so rapidly such noisy controversies would follow too late.

And although it has nothing to do with the music industry there is one event in the entertainment industry that is worth noting this month.

It’s the awards ceremony.

It is a Korean pop culture and arts festival.

A fairly prestigious awards ceremony hosted by the government to award artists.

The event which was broadcast live on both the Internet and TV attracted a reasonable number of viewers.

-Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Lee Se-jin came out?ㅠ

-☆☆☆Lee Se-jin Sometimes the camera shows reaction cuts stop asking questions☆☆☆

-Choi Gu you have a good reaction haha.

The number of people snooping around the news of Lee Se-jin’s appearance an actor whose stock price is on the rise has only increased slightly.

It wasn’t noisy because the lineup featured a few famous actors among older artists rather than young celebrities who are popular these days.

Until part 1 ends and a corner appears.

[Celebration stage]

-Ah there is a commemorative performance coming up.

-Oh who is it?

-Waler is scheduled! 🙂

When viewers who thought it was a typical performance at an awards ceremony came up with a suitably formal lineup.

A close-up of the performers on stage appears on the screen.

And the comment section was filled with screams.

-????

-omg

-What are you talking about?

-Is this true?

-Is this what I saw????

There were three tall men standing on the stage.

However it is a completely unexpected combination of aspects.

Rookie idol Ryu Geon-woo and ballerina Sun Ah-hyeon.

And… actor Lee Se-jin.

-??? Sejin Lee why are you there?

-Who is Sun Ah-hyeon next to Lee Se-jin?

-Crazy Ryu Geo-nyeo hahahaha.

-Why not Wishes??

-Wow what is this hahahaha

-What are you three doing?

‘after.’

Ryu Geon-woo who was on stage recalled Bae Se-jin’s slightly excited voice.

This plan was floated a few months ago.

-Am I going to this awards ceremony too? From what I heard Sun Ah-hyun is also coming to receive a special award.

-yes.

-Then let’s perform here.

-…??

– Let’s have a commemorative performance with Sun Ah-hyun! And then observe!

…Let’s think about it from the beginning.

The possibility of it becoming a reality was surprising but it was there.

In fact this is because this awards ceremony had many senior awardees who were at the level of icons of their time whether due to age or status.

‘No matter how much it is it’s a little bit difficult even if it’s named Ballerino.’

Even if the special stage itself went to Sun Ah-hyun it wasn’t that unreasonable.

‘The problem was persuasion.’

However there is no need for the winner to perform on stage. It might be better to call a performance team of moderately high stature.

Park Moon-dae thought that would be the key but surprisingly he was easily persuaded without having to do anything.

-Seon Ah-hyun… said she became interested in this kind of music performance.

…It was a rare occurrence.

‘Why is it that a famous name in another field not an entertainment award says okay to cover a pop song without hesitation?’

But that rare event was accomplished smoothly and people eventually got to see these three people on stage.

“…”

As I took the starting formation I turned my head and saw Sun Ah-hyun standing there.

And Ryu Geon-woo remembered his last request.

-But I heard that his agency asked him to avoid too direct idol performances.

That was actually good.

This is because there was a stage that immediately came to mind.

‘If this is the number of people.’

This is it.

[Hmm~!]

Immediately after the stage is filled with bright guitar sounds and classic drum sounds.

A familiar familiar melody.

Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae who were on stage knew.

‘Seon Ah-hyun experienced situations that overlapped with reality a few times.’

Things like covering the vampire version of a soft and sweet song or changing random boxes.

And this time Moon-Dae Park intentionally gave him a similar experience.

Music plays on the stage and a spotlight shines on three people wearing jeans and white T-shirts.

-omg

-Daedae Daejonjal

Subtitles appear.

[You are amazing

by Sun Ah-hyun Lee Se-jin Ryu Geon-woo (Wishes)]

A re-creation of the unit stage full of fun at Testa’s first concert.

An arrangement similar to the original song which is more formal than before flows on stage with a bit of stability to fit the awards ceremony.

[I can hear your heart

The shy trembling of my heart]

The parts were divided exactly the same as then.

The difference is that Ryu Geon-woo is no longer Park Moon-dae’s body…

People’s expectations.

-crazy

-Why are you so good??

-What’s going on with Lee Se-jin’s dance?

Why is the actor so good at performing…?

People were overwhelmed with confusion when they saw actor Lee Se-jin who naturally performed choreography and vocals and facial expressions on stage.

And soon began to become extremely cheerful.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ It’s clear that Lee Se-jin said he would do this.

-Sejin oppa what’s going on with Deokup match?

-Inheart was used by Wishes and ended up being taken advantage of.

-Please give me a review of your Welsh Corgi in person.

This is because Bae Se-jin’s active promotional actions for Park Moon-dae’s grand prize have become a kind of fan meme.

People excitedly watched the three people’s reactions to the female singer’s classic song and the artists’ reactions as they smiled and applauded.

I thought it was a very enjoyable twist.

[Wow amazing!

everything about you]

-Wow Sun Ah-hyun must be crazy she’s really handsome.

-Take my passport quickly.

-Vocal dance visual Why isn’t the set balance like on a professional stage…? It’s no joke debut;

And I missed one due to the impact of actor Lee Se-jin’s amazing hobby ability.

[I’m excited every day!

I can’t sleep again today]

Even if a ballerino performs on stage it is a completely different type of performance than a pop or idol stage.

However they blended in so naturally that they showed a stage with just the right rhythm so that nothing was out of place.

[You are truly amazing]

Sun Ah-hyun smiled and turned around.

* * *

After an eventful special performance.

“I think I did a pretty good job…!”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin couldn’t hide her smile even as she ran down the stage.

Over the past few weeks I’ve been working hard to get the route right even skipping the early morning hours and making video calls and I’m proud of the fact that I’ve implemented it well.

And he takes a deep breath and says this.

“…It’s fun. This is it!”

“…”

I think this is the first time I’ve seen a guy with this much stage presence. After all giving and taking is the most tantalizing thing. Bae Se-jin even asked Sun Ah-hyun openly.

“Hmm do you think it’s fun too??”

“…! ah.”

The guy nodded slightly blankly.

“yes… It’s new. So… it’s a feeling.”

“yes. “It’s been a while since I did it so I’m even more impressed!”

At that time the staff member who was shaking his feet next to me spoke up.

“Um… Mr. Sejin our time.”

“…! “Oh yes.”

Bae Se-jin quickly calmed down his red face and quickly moved to return to his seat. This is because there are still nominations left.

However I hear a muttering sound next to me as if I am bothered by what he said.

“It’s been a while…?”

“…”

It wasn’t my intention but it was a time of choice.

I looked back on the past few months of practice.

Except for the occasional absence from the show due to schedule Sun Ah-hyun participated faithfully and did not show any unusual behavior.

So in fact Bae Se-jin and I had almost given up on looking at it and were just observing…

‘…The stage was definitely fun.’

I saw that this guy’s face was also red and he was coming down with Bae Se-jin.

They say they have devoted their whole lives to ballet but I guess they are only inspired by ballet.

‘then.’

…if it’s like this.

I received my smartphone from a staff member and waited for a moment until the person walked away.

And after confirming that no one was paying attention to us in the empty hallway we opened our mouths.

“I did it at a concert.”

“yes?”

“You performed this performance at a concert.”

I kept making eye contact with her and muttering just as I was talking to Sun Ah-hyun whom I knew before.

“Our first unit performance. The reaction was okay. “You had fun too.”

“…”

After silence.

I hear a trembling voice.

“It’s a nose concert.”

“okay.”

I waited a few seconds. Sun Ah-hyun lowered her head and there was no other reaction.

‘…is it ruined?’

I couldn’t explain it other than that I was embarrassed because he suddenly started talking nonsense.

I turned around with a bitter taste in my mouth.

Just say ‘I’m sorry. I was thinking of making an excuse by saying something like “I tried to make a joke but it failed.”

It was that moment.

“…at that time”

My arm was grabbed.

“You did it with a balloon…”

I turned my head.

“…Mundae.”

The guy laughed.

I dropped the smartphone I was holding.
