---
title: "Chapter 406"
category: "book"
index: 405
section: "Chapter 406"
slug: "406"
---

# Chapter 406

The system owner who would have been on the plane with me evaporated from my mind.

As if it never happened.

But if you remembered this guy in front of you.

‘There’s no way this bastard didn’t notice that I didn’t know.’

How is it possible that you didn’t feel a sense of discomfort while talking about it for over half a year?

This was not said intentionally. This guy’s reaction right now says the same thing.

I spoke through gritted teeth.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

Cheongryeo smiled and responded.

“I thought my junior would react that way.”

“…”

what?

“Right now my junior you may be thinking about many things… Well aside from anger or irritation towards me there will be only one thing left.”

Cheongryeo speaks casually.

“Does it bother you?”

“…!”

“You worry about people who don’t know who they are where they are or what their situation is. no?”

“How can you not care?”

Fucking people evaporated of course…

No wait.

I remembered this guy’s reaction the last time I brought up the story about my parents with a memory error.

‘Memory is inherently prone to errors so it’s okay as long as you remember only the information you need to proceed… ’

because

-What you need to be wary of… are the additional effects caused by memories.

-emotion.

And then I realized.

“…Whether he disappears or not has nothing to do with achieving the goal right?”

“is it so.”

The guy narrows his eyes.

“My junior when something bothers me I tend to rationalize efficiency.”

what.

“Well shall I give you an example? “Even though the group has already been formed the reason your junior continues to look for Testa members is not because it will help the cause.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo looks at me.

“Today I performed a meaningless commemorative performance at an award ceremony that didn’t make much of a splash.”

“…”

“You still pay so much attention to side details but how much can you care about the well-being of the people you brought in?”

I kept my mouth shut. The guy stands up and smiles.

“I think the explanation is sufficient but you’re angry at me right now…”

“I guess the guy who had the system is in bad shape now?”

“…!”

This is it.

I looked at the guy.

“If there was a difference between me not remembering and you remembering there was no need to come to this situation.”

I might be able to persuade you by simply saying that since you don’t remember I will take charge of looking for it. Like you said I don’t remember anyway.

But that’s it.

Are you saying that an over-the-top answer like ‘If you knew the truth you would be so worried that you wouldn’t be able to do your job’?

“You can’t explain it other than you know something happened to that bastard.”

And that’s quite… in a bad way.

So much so that I was agitated.

I crossed my arms and glared at him.

“…”

Cheongryeo was unperturbed.

“Junior is there a need to be so persistent about someone you don’t even know who you are? We weren’t really friends at first. two.”

“Do you understand? “The problem is that you’re trying to deceive people.”

“I didn’t cheat.”

The guy clicked his tongue. This bastard.

“Your junior you also have information that you didn’t tell me. Isn’t it? “I thought it would be difficult for the other person to understand.”

“…”

I reflexively thought of the list of emoticons in the status window that showed my colleague’s current status then closed my mouth.

The guy laughed.

“It’s the same. “I also didn’t want my junior to waste time and resources on someone he didn’t know.”

You speak sophistication well.

“It sounds like you’re saying you’ll blow it if I know who that guy is but I just don’t remember but we know him.”

“hmm?”

The guy nods his head to the side.

“You don’t know now.”

I gritted my teeth.

Getting angry or hitting someone is stupid. This bastard is my group now whether I like it or not and the moment the violence is caught in the media it will be a scandal.

‘Then let’s approach it rationally.’

I also have a head. Roll it.

The worst thing that can happen to a system holder who disappears while the system is in overdrive?

It was then.

[Why is this person so shameless? Bro if I really had a body I would have hit him!]

Status window.

I looked at the big moon pop-up and inadvertently said the correct answer out of my mouth.

“That damn system worked.”

“…”

Just like the big moon turned out like that.

“Right?”

Cheongryeo did not respond. It was a virtual affirmation. I clenched my fists.

then.

‘There is definitely a clue.’

I shake my head desperately.

If he really has been absorbed into the system I might be able to notice as I am currently using the system.

There is a part where I feel a sense of discomfort.

It was as if Big Moon had made an error and given a coin but it was unexpected and had a different regularity than before.

Something that is exceptional or does not flow naturally within the system.

“…”

that.

-This is useless so why is it coming out?

It has a round golden shape like a coin… but is displayed only as text.

[Failure consolation money has arrived…]

+10G

+10G

Gold.

I didn’t know why this existed so I thought it was just dummy data that popped out when the &lt;127 Section&gt; format was applied.

But what if… this is some kind of signal?

If it is a barely tolerated shortcut or bug within the system.

‘When I think of gold who comes to mind?’

Something immediately comes to mind.

-Roughly… let’s call them Gold 1 and Gold 2.

A title given in 〈Azusa〉.

Two people I had a relationship with until recently.

‘Golden Age’s Ha Il-jun and Spacer’s Kwon Hee-seung.’

“…!”

I suppressed an exclamation laced with profanity.

Now let’s calm down.

Which of the two is better suited to knowing the future?

‘This is too obvious.’

I opened my mouth.

“It’s Kwon Hee-seung.”

“…”

Suddenly the guy who won the new season of &lt;Azusa&gt; and the guy who had more time to contact me because we were in the same entertainment agency ended up being him.

Cheongryeo still had an expressionless expression but I saw her eyes narrow and open.

‘That’s right.’

I clenched my fists and walked to the desk where he was standing.

“Now that you know answer me.”

“…”

“What exactly happened to that bastard?”

And how on earth do you know that?

The expression on Cheongryeo’s face disappears and she slowly opens her mouth.

“Do you want to wait until your goal is achieved?”

“doesn’t exist.”

“hmm.”

The guy lowered his eyes.

And when he raised his head again.

————————

[ ∥ ]

————————

Suddenly the world stopped.

‘ah’

I looked around.

I thought the room was already quiet enough and motionless but in fact there were things moving.

Things like the sound of the TV outside the room in the living room the sound of the second hand of a clock moving and subtle contrasts.

But everything stopped moving and became flat as if it had become flat. A world where all movement has disappeared and stopped.

And in between.

“Are you surprised? “They said we need to stop the process for a while to fully visualize this.”

Only one moves with liveliness.

Cheongnyeo.

“…It stops.”

“yes. “Well I guess it’s a common occurrence in normal games.”

He raises his hand.

“I heard that play stops when the settings window is loaded.”

And then numerous holograms begin to appear before my eyes.

Jiiiing-

A solid world filled with small and large boxes.

But the direction of the writing is the opposite.

So… it doesn’t pop up for me to see it pops up for the guy standing in the opposite direction to see.

Cheongnyeo.

[Task\: Let’s help the character’s smooth game activities!]

[▶Quest in progress]

[Preferences]

Beyond those hologram windows I also checked texts I had never imagined upside down. Similar UI to what I have.

[Character List]

[Ryu Geon-woo (Park Moon-dae)\: I am astonished by you (∑//ㅁㅍ;)]

Fuck you.

I barely opened my mouth.

“what’s this.”

“Well where should I start explaining?”

He bumps his finger against his chin. And then he loses focus as if he is lost in thought.

* * *

A few months ago.

Inside Cheongryeo’s private plane crossing the Pacific Ocean.

[Brother this is more…]

Shin Jae-hyeon saw it on the plane before he lost consciousness.

The actual thing called the ‘status window’.

‘Did it look like that?’

I wasn’t very impressed but what I saw next was a bit problematic.

This is because while the numerous holograms appeared as if broken Kwon Hee-seung was seen being absorbed between the windows as if graphically disintegrating.

‘hmm.’

That might be a bit tricky.

When the thought came back after that thought I was already in the practice room with Ryu Geon-woo.

-Damn it!

-haha.

And for a while I thought that this might be a ‘restart’ that eventually came back so I diversified my plans by considering various possibilities.

But in the end Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae were persuaded.

-okay.

-Let’s go back to your dog Kong.

As an ally he was a partner with whom there was nothing to blame. It was not that there were no complaints about Park Moon-dae’s choice of colleagues but that level could be taken into account.

However there was one incident before that.

When he returned home to find out exactly what was going on here.

Because out of the many restarts something happened that never happened.

[The task has arrived!]

“…?”

A status window appears.

But he is not a player.

[GM\: Welcome Jaehyun Shin.]

Server\: Kwon Hee-seung (stable)

GM\: Shin Jae-hyun

Player\: ■■■

“this.”

Shin Jaehyun smiled faintly.

‘It’s a variable.’

And the number of cards increased.

* * *

“is it so. Heeseung Kwon is currently displayed on the server.”

“…”

“There was no special benefit to me. “I can just check my junior’s progress… or so.”

I pressed my eyebrows.

Cheongryeo lowers her head to the side and smiles as if reminiscing.

“And… some auxiliary abilities?”

“you.”

I opened my mouth at the passing memory.

“No way Kim Rae-bin came out of the comrade selection.”

“Well as experience points accumulate the probability can be temporarily adjusted.”

Damn it.

I bit my tongue.

‘I should have suspected it.’

Isn’t the first friend given in the game tutorial actually a live account?

Usually GM.

This is the game master’s account.

“Hide this…?”

I grabbed the guy by the collar. My clothes are being held as if they are going to tear.

“I have no choice but to give you the same answer.”

“what?”

But the guy looked down without moving anything.

“I probably already told you that I didn’t tell you because I was afraid you would end up like this.”

“…!”

“It was impossible to replace servers with this hologram.”

“then”

“Then the remaining effects are obvious. “You’re less efficient because you care about the meaning of the server…”

Cheongryeo muttered calmly.

“Throughout the process I was anxious and doubtful about what I would do.”

“…”

“It’s better to keep your mouth shut and wait until you receive the grand prize. “It won’t be too late even if I go back and tell you after it’s over.”

“So you followed what I said.”

“Rather I would say that I was persuaded by my junior’s words.”

The guy let out a laugh.

“I heard that if you win the grand prize you will have the option to see the ending and return.”

“…”

“Oh I told you to tell me everything.”

I looked at Cheongnyeo. He laughs like he’s frowning.

“that’s right. There was something more. “They said they would give me something in the form of a salary.”

He sends a hologram forward and carries it right in front of me.

[GM Ending Reward\: Companion Selection]

“…!”

Wait a minute if this happens…

“So I’ve been thinking about it for a while.”

I knew what the next words would be.

“If you could wait until Kongi is born here and choose this option…”

The guy narrows his eyes.

“I have nothing to regret right? “It’s a bit of a turnaround though.”

Damn it.

“Think about your junior too. “Isn’t it better here if you can inherit everything of value?”

He gently removed my hand from his neck.

“Originally I was planning on just following my junior’s opinion but now that it’s come to this I want to hear more of your story.”

He sits down rests his chin and asks seriously.

“What do you think about this possibility?”

“…you”

“Oh the schedule is okay. You can just keep stopping. “It’s my first time using it too… but there’s no specific time limit.”

The guy laughs and looks away from the status window.

“So tell me. “Keep going until we both come to the same conclusion.”

“…”

“Because the time left is infinite haha!”

Fuck you.

There is a feeling of tension as if you have stepped on a land mine. As a biological reaction cold sweat flows down the spine.

‘still.’

I opened my mouth.

* * *

‘What should I do?!’

The large moon that became the status window of Park Moon-dae’s body screamed and spun around in the world of consciousness. The place where that crazy guy stopped has completely lost its liveliness.

And it was just before Kidnapping Season 2 aired!

‘Ugh what’s wrong…??’

Then I realized.

Huh?

He realized that he who had been sharing the field of vision with Ryu Geon-woo was suddenly outside as if he was leaving his body.

‘Uh huh?’

He broke through the ceiling of Souk Wishes’ dormitory and soared into the sky above Seoul.

‘What is this?’

Why does this happen? No I had to go back! I couldn’t leave my brother alone.

It was the moment when he made up his mind and tried to regain consciousness somehow.

I saw a sparkle.

‘…uh?’

Gold circles.

Like Dorothy’s yellow road sparkling things were making a path in the air.

And he instinctively knew that the thing at the end was the status window.

This is an error indication.

‘and.’

I guess I can see this because it is in a ‘progress paused’ state.

He almost lost his mind for a moment due to the intense sparkle of the error but he soon noticed something.

What can be called an error here is that the memory was recovered in an irregular way without being detected by the system…

‘Seon Ah-hyeon!’

When he realized that another possibility suddenly popped into his head.

His abilities have expanded and that person is an error so what?

‘I don’t know! Let’s do it!’

With a sense of freedom he ran to Sun Ah-hyun.

And then I tried it!

[Please help my brother!]

“Uh huh…?!”

On the way to Incheon International Airport.

Seon Ah-hyun who was getting out of the car confused by the world that had suddenly stopped was startled by a hologram that suddenly appeared.
