---
title: "Chapter 407"
category: "book"
index: 406
section: "Chapter 407"
slug: "407"
---

# Chapter 407

A lodging room where the sun still doesn’t rise.

I sat down on a cushion and spoke the thirtieth analysis in a low voice.

Why is reality better?

“VTIC rarely engages in personal activities so their image consumption is still not large. “It will be much more advantageous in the long run. That’s something we’ve already spent here.”

“well. In other words doesn’t this mean that he has proven his recognition and capabilities through his personal activities?”

“…the group’s fandom was destroyed.”

You bastard. I held back a sigh and he laughed heartily.

“That’s it we can stabilize it by focusing on group activities next year. “You can refine your image consumption and concept from then on.”

“…So if you go back and ask why they are doing something like that there is already a well-established fandom and a group with a well-established concept.”

“I guess so.”

The guy readily agreed. But I wasn’t fooled.

“However considering the development potential this area can be expanded in size. “Because there are already proven members and songs.”

Fuck really.

I pressed my eyebrows. The conversation with this guy has been like this since a while ago.

This guy is extremely male here and doesn’t go crazy.

They just keep countering my logic of having to go back and I go back to countering them again.

Group possibilities Market distribution Personal achievement Image Performance…

Literally the end of the debate.

Damn it.

I don’t know how many hours it took to bite the horse’s tail. My head is pounding.

I’m not hungry or having any menstrual symptoms so I’m getting goosebumps.

“Um would you like to drink some water? “I don’t know if you can drink it.”

“That’s it.”

I touched my forehead.

And suddenly a fundamental question came to mind.

‘…Why are you doing this?’

In fact it is a problem that cannot be resolved rationally.

Let’s both agree to one conclusion?

There has to be an absolute branch that is logically perfect but isn’t that impossible?

When comparing arts and physical education careers everything is just a realm of possibility. On the contrary this world… has a slight advantage.

‘…not this.’

That was stupid.

I was dragged along by this bastard’s momentum and did useless things to avoid being pushed away. I raised my head. Cheongnyeo was sitting on the chair in front of the desk in the same posture as before.

I changed my posture.

“You know this is not a matter that can be resolved. “In the first place I didn’t mean to go back and see which one would be more successful as an idol.”

“…”

From the beginning this bastard knew it all and actively participated in my plans for a futureless disposable target group.

It means betting on who goes back.

To do this now… I remembered what he said earlier.

-Originally I was planning to just follow my junior’s opinion but now that it’s come to this I want to hear more of your story.

And after a few hours my cool mind draws a conclusion.

“Are you… trying to say that you have unilaterally cooperated with me so far?”

They cooperated even though there were other options but they asked me if they were upset because they accused me of hiding something.

‘So there is no reason to cooperate.’

Even though I say it it is absurd. It’s not usually a secret that the GM was personally given by the system and there’s no such thing as a fucking red flag.

‘Well there are all these bastards.’

But the guy didn’t deny it.

“well. “My junior seemed more interested in taking care of people than his goals so I gave it some thought.”

The guy tilted his head to the side.

“Then… I told you. “There is no reason to go back.”

“If you look at it from that perspective it doesn’t exist.”

I took a breath. My head became a little clearer.

What was this guy mistaken?

I almost did that too until just now.

“I said something wrong.”

“hmm?”

“Think about it without your career.”

Not only is it impossible to compare but I wasn’t trying to say that my career as a first-team idol was perfect and I should return to that reality.

I remembered what I said to this bastard before when he was urging me to commit suicide.

-Shouldn’t VTIC be on the decline?

So that is.

We had to talk about other values not just social success that can be expressed in numbers.

chamberlain.

“You decided to live in reality even if something like this happened… I’m talking about the album you released and the experiences you had after one member left.”

“…”

“Isn’t that a waste?”

In real life does nothing really mean anything to you except you?

These are the experiences I had after deciding to just keep living without trying to change my life the moment I failed.

An album filled with new songs that have never been used before. This is my first solo activity and I don’t know the answer sheet. A group that eventually overcomes failure and stands up. A sense of accomplishment.

Impressions of a new award.

“You actually decided to return to reality including that. It’s not that you unilaterally cooperated with me. “I wonder if that was a waste and something I missed.”

Cheongryeo was agitated for the first time. I saw him clasp his hands and place them on his knees.

But the answer is distorted.

“Now that I think about it we could try it again here.”

Fuck you.

I shook my head.

“It’s meaningful because I can’t do it again!”

“No in the first place… Hey I heard that this place was literally created by the system.”

Today I relayed to him the results that Sun Ah-hyun deduced during the process of regaining her memories.

This world is just a distortion of a kind of abnormal condition.

There is a high probability that the reality is truly different as we first assumed.

“…So this is a world that really runs on System X.”

I hit the bed roughly.

“Are you really planning to live here with the system? Because you can suck it up while talking about GM or something?”

“…”

“Aren’t you the bastard who worked so hard because of the fucking system?”

“…”

There was no answer for a long time. I took a deep breath.

And the voice that came out slowly…

“Hard work?”

I was wondering.

I got goosebumps.

“That’s… a bit hard to agree with.”

“…!”

“In the end isn’t it true that we have a chance to succeed by being able to restart?”

Oh damn.

“Getting rid of the system was to prevent these benefits from going to others who could not control it. “Because it is impossible to tool the system.”

“…”

“Of course discomfort may be one of the reasons… but I don’t think that’s the reason alone.”

I was depressed. This kid’s problem started from here.

‘He’s a guy whose mind has been remodeled so that restarting is beneficial.’

How can I convince you of this?

“…”

Silence began to fall again. I laid my head on the bed feeling like I had lost my will to fight.

As you say time is infinite so I guess I should just keep my mouth shut.

But the surprising thing comes after a while.

This bastard opened his mouth first.

In a slightly subdued voice

“But I understand that my junior wants to go back if only for emotional reasons.”

“…!”

“okay. “Because there was also a problem with my junior’s parents.”

I gritted my teeth.

“And you didn’t say anything then either.”

Even though I pointed out that I seemed to have a memory error.

“that…”

His tone of voice becomes less dry. I was a little nervous.

“…sorry.”

“…”

I suppressed a sigh and closed my eyes.

“You… think that if you had told me there was a status window I would have been suspicious of you and your efficiency would have been ruined.”

That’s a funny bastard.

“I would have just believed it.”

“…!”

“Of course I would have done more surveillance to make sure I didn’t do anything unnecessary. But I think I put a lot of effort into researching to find ways to use it differently than that.”

Efficiency wouldn’t have been destroyed you son of a bitch.

“…is it so?”

“uh.”

I tossed and turned.

“To be honest I blew everything on you from the beginning to the creation of the status window. “What I didn’t say was the privacy issue.”

“…”

You are the one who stabbed me in the back.

Soon a low voice was heard.

“all right.”

after.

I rubbed my face.

That kid died in a flash.

‘There is another problem with Gold 2… ’

I know.

Saying things like “don’t you feel sorry for Kwon Hee-seung” doesn’t work for this bastard. I’m not the type of person who moves while considering such things. Because he sees people as resources.

But if you ask me if it hasn’t changed at all since the reset syndrome and crazy Ohamma days…

-I brought you. (picture)

-Kongi hurts.

That won’t be the case again.

But it was a dead end. If this bastard doesn’t really understand why he wants to go back…

‘Could I interfere again?’

Because that is unacceptable.

‘I’m going to fix that and get out.’

I made a conclusion and opened my eyes.

And suddenly I saw it.

pop up.

[Error\: Mundae…?]

“…!!”

I almost jumped.

[Error\: !]

[Error\: I think Mundae confirmed it!]

The pop-up updates happily.

I thought it was a big month up to that point.

Until these popped up.

[RAB\: You finally confirmed it. I was very worried that it might be an emergency.]

[Sejini\: Park Moon-dae are you okay? Should I call my university like this to be recognized? ]

[BaeSJ\: Answer me]

What is this?

* * *

Geudal put on all kinds of shows in front of Sun Ah-hyeon.

This means that time stopped and Moon Dae hyung was being threatened(?) and at the same time he was eagerly telling Sun Ah-hyun who he was.

Of course just because Sun Ah-hyun was embarrassed didn’t make her a fool.

he demanded calmly.

“…show me the evidence so I can believe it.”

[that!]

Geoldal thought hard but he actually knew.

There was no evidence…

‘Ugh… ’

I couldn’t be more sad about not having a body.

As the game stopped Geoldal completely unaware that he was slowly regaining his human senses racked his brain.

And I remembered one person.

[Ravin knows about me!]

Ryu Geon-woo who was tired of the hellish cycle of questions even certified the existence of the big moon with a detailed explanation.

“But… can I meet Ravine now?”

[ah…]

The problem is that Kim Rae-bin is also stopped now…

‘Is there anything?’

Big Moon racked his brain hard. He diligently scrolled through the status window and rummaged through the UI window.

And after that the mental world is like the detailed code of a complex algorithm…

‘Huh?’

Then I found something that I could touch on since I’m currently ‘configuring’ it.

It seems like a line was hastily added at the bottom.

[Gold Shop]

Gold?

‘…connection!’

Keudal who had already seen Ryu Geon-woo’s mystery show immediately turned it on.

Then a simple list appears.

[Chat room opening – 5000G]

[Invitation – 1000G]

He realized right away.

This was it.

‘I’m sorry for using it so carelessly but I’m still trying to help you…!’

He bought both right away.

New features are opened.

He manipulated the pop-up.

[Do you want to enter the chat room? ]

“…!”

[I’ll call Lavin!]

And the moment Sun Ah-hyun accepted admission at the pop-up after much deliberation she flew like crazy and went to Seoul.

And I contacted Kim Rae-bin who was receiving makeup touch-ups at the Gearko photo shoot.

Of course Raebin Kim’s error was not an error but a stoppage.

‘but!’

He already knew who was in the chat window.

A person who offsets abnormal conditions in the system.

[Do you want to enter the chat room? ]

The golden circle is absorbed into Raebin Kim’s connection system and the error spreads.

‘It’s done!’

I am connected to Sun Ah-hyeon through the chat window that is the status window which is the spirit of Big Moon and errors are shared.

And a new chat.

[RAB\:…??]

[RAB\: Is this by any chance a dream?]

Big Moon held back his cheers.

* * *

[Error\: That’s how you can send a message to Mundae]

‘…okay.’

I nodded looking at the frantic conversations taking place in the chat room.

I roughly understood it. I guess Keoldal did well to see Kwon Hee-seung sending a tearful SOS.

But that’s it.

‘…is this necessary?’

Honestly I don’t know what help I can get from these guys just by chatting.

‘No even if it’s not a chat there’s no harm in beating this bastard right now.’

No matter how much I think about it I think he was so surprised to see Keundal acting like a bastard that he rushed forward. I glanced through the chat window somewhat hesitantly.

[Tiger\: Bro what’s going on? Are you fighting?]

[BaesJ]\: Did you really meet the guy who put us here?]

Besides these guys probably didn’t get a detailed explanation so they just knew that I was in trouble. I thought about it for a while and sent the chat.

It’s a thought.

[Apple\: That’s not true I need to convince someone]

[BaeSJ\: Who!]

At that moment a pop-up suddenly appears at the top.

[8 people]

[※! Gold remaining\: 5000G※]

hmm?

[Leader\: Guys. It seems like energy is being consumed every time I chat. Let’s just talk about the door and just give advice.]

There was no reply acknowledging whether everyone had understood the situation.

“…”

I thought about it for a moment and then clicked chat.

I don’t know what this means.

[Apple\: When is the moment when everyone feels like going back to reality?]

Because you might get a hint. It’s better than not doing anything.

After a while the chat window is updated with full text.

[Tiger\: When we want to perform on stage!]

[RAB\: There were various examples but the most frequent one was the moment when I really wanted to listen to the album we released.]

[Error\: When I went to the airport alone today I remembered the time we spent together. I think it’s that kind of time.]

Performances albums activities accommodations are filled with various answers.

Ryu Cheong-woo who says that the Testa slogan comes to mind when shouting slogans and Bae Se-jin who says that’s the case when idol performances appear in the algorithm on WeTube.

And the final answer.

[Sejini\: When I miss the me back then]

What they have in common is…

It is a moment that evokes strong longing and nostalgia.

emotional memory.

“…”

I entered the chat.

[Apple\: It was helpful. thanks.]

The moment a notification window pops up saying that gold has fallen.

I hear talking.

“What are you looking at?”

It wasn’t surprising. I even did it openly on purpose.

I opened my mouth to the guy.

“I see a chat window filled with colleagues right now.”

“hmm?”

“If you don’t know don’t try to check. “Because it seems expedient.”

GM shouldn’t see it. Couldn’t the system stop it?

Then the guy laughs.

“It’s thorough.”

“okay.”

I was silent for a moment and then asked the guy.

“Can I use my status window function here?”

“With administrator permission.”

“I want to try it.”

“…”

Cheongryeo did not refuse.

I brought up my colleague list again.

[Shin Jae-hyeon\: Thinking about what my colleague said (//~^)]

I slowly opened my mouth.

“You’ve been on the companion list from the beginning.”

“That’s right. “Because it’s GM.”

“And I had a memory from the beginning.”

I raised my head. Cheongryeo was standing.

“I have never awakened.”

“…”

Let’s consider its function.

In the first place adding a function to return memories to awakening was an expedient function that Geoldal and I extracted from the explanation of 〈127 Section〉.

This means that it was not officially included in the system.

‘then.’

I can understand why that’s such a harsh approach. Because it’s a function that wasn’t supposed to be there in the first place.

‘Did you say that it felt like waves of emotions and memories were rushing in?’

I opened my mouth.

“Would you like to give it a try?”

“Why?”

“Because it might give you new information.”

The guy seemed lost in thought for a moment.

But soon he nodded with strange eyes.

‘okay.’

I pressed the awakening button for my colleague Jaehyun Shin.
