---
title: "Chapter 409"
category: "book"
index: 408
section: "Chapter 409"
slug: "409"
---

# Chapter 409

Wishes So this group of experienced rookies who debuted with half Testa and half VTIC has almost reached the end point.

The target is the goal.

‘The sound source is smooth. Awareness is also great.’

In fact it is no longer strange to accept it if you only look at the grades.

As the end of the year approaches the risk of predictions being wrong gradually decreases. Unless something unexpected happens… Is that possible since we are blocking it like this?

There’s only one thing left.

It is a so-called ‘level’ problem.

-If Wishes wasn’t Leti there’s no way she would be able to sing Daesang now haha.

-If a male idol suddenly releases good music but the charts are also questionable how likely is it to be manipulated? (No subject guess

-Rookie male idols talking about the subject To be honest it feels awkward because it feels like an entertainer project group.

The perception is ‘I don’t get much for that name.’

It was also a problem that occurred because individual awareness was higher than group awareness.

‘Well actually I’m doing that more because I feel like I’ll get that too.’

It’s a rule that there is no check on Bob.

Anyway since you can’t stop someone from receiving a song because it has good music scores there are people out there who are trying to make a fool of themselves by not getting recognition even if they do get it.

Nothing has changed since I received the Testa Rookie of the Year Award… or to be precise nothing has changed from then until Testa.

‘It’s probably harder to catch individual antis because they stick together.’

It’s good to raise personal awareness to the limit through entertainment but the problem arises because the character is exposed so strongly that people like it and dislike it.

-Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssvkvvvs

-ㅋㅋㅋ Letty tasted it with Malunguweak and couldn’t come to her senses and even though she was a stranger she was sick and short-sighted so maybe it was good.

-Kim Lab Later on I had a networking problem that broke my back. I’ve never been wrong about the combination of physiognomy and fantasies.

The more you know the more people there are who hate it so much that they can’t stand it.

‘I can’t help it.’

Still it’s a bit disappointing.

‘If the debut song had been a hit I would have ate half of it.’

If the image from the beginning was set as a ‘crazy debut at the grand prize level’ there would be less controversy.

I can give an example of the fact that even though Kim Rae-bin had that personality thanks to his impression no one tried to catch him when he was in school.

In order to achieve the minimum balance and maximize album sales I had no choice but to give up this but it also had side effects. I quenched my appetite.

Anyway that means some correction work is needed.

I solemnly declared in front of the large table in the living room that had been roughly cleared of candles and pollen.

“You just need to do it once.”

“What…?”

“An intense group activity that will appeal to as many people as possible.”

“…!”

“It will alleviate some of the internet backlash when we win the grand prize.”

Until now all award-related status ailments were based on ‘public recognition.’

‘I didn’t awaken those two guys for no reason.’

“I wish it was just a stage.”

The primary purpose is to raise the stage quality to the level it was at that time when it was easily ranked among the top tier.

Of course whether the VTIC guys who took the ‘Why We Became Lee Ji-kyung’ quick lecture in one hour can catch up is a separate question.

“Uh… good.”

Jin Chae-yul barely answered. He still looks like he doesn’t know if this is reality or a dream.

Cheongryeo opened her mouth without any change in expression.

“It’s too grand an idea to turn around in just one performance. Wouldn’t it be better to make a quick comeback with a preliminary song?”

“Iconic one time is better. “If you do it multiple times the impact will only be dispersed.”

“That’s an optimistic idea.”

“What we need is not a long-term reputation but public opinion at the end of the year.”

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo smiled slightly.

“great. “If that’s the case.”

He says he’ll take a look but he’s not that upset. This is because the guy who was wearing fluorescent pink just a moment ago was the one who set the mood.

For your information the cone hat has already gone into the trash can as soon as work is finished. As expected from a guy with a lot of money he doesn’t know how to save money.

“Then Geonwoo… So does anyone have any other opinions other than Mundae’s?”

Anyway the vote was unanimous so now we have to do what we were supposed to do.

It’s brainstorming.

“Our BOOM! And make the audience scream! Wait… I got it! Motorcycle! Let’s ride motorcycles!”

“Moropsychol…?”

“Motorcycle. motorcycle.”

“…! It is a reckless idea to prepare a dangerous device in a short period of time. Above all it doesn’t match Wishz’s songs!”

“Kim Rae-bin can arrange it!”

“I have my opinion too!… I think the time travel concept would be great! Since a related movie was released during this time I think paying homage to it will result in a unique arrangement.”

“Ravin’s words are good but that OST is so famous that it might be dangerous. “How are you doing?”

“I guess I’ll listen to it to some extent next time as well.”

“yes!”

“…”

Arrangement concept costume appearance program.

Now that they’ve become accustomed to it the Testa guys make progress without hesitation.

And the two VTIC guys who had just awakened to the conversation and content passing by in an instant blinked.

The only person who talks here is… Judan.

“The outfit should also be sex-appealing without being too over-the-top…”

“They are underage.”

“I cancel.”

Anyway as opinions poured in a plan slowly became concrete. I threw words and tried to get direction.

‘It takes some time but it’s still better.’

If you think you have reached an agreement you will work harder and more actively. New opinions may emerge.

But even Cheongnyeo who clearly does not prefer this form is just smiling. This means that I will not intervene.

‘Is this a declaration of surrender?’

If you don’t want to disturb anything that’s fine.

“Shall we take a rest?”

“yes.”

Stop the discussion before it goes in an unproductive direction.

‘While I’m at it I’m also organizing it.’

“Coke?”

“It’s okay.”

I got up one by one and went to the kitchen or to the electronic devices in my room joining them and going back to my room.

I was thinking of summarizing what has been said so far.

And when I sat down at my desk and picked up a pen.

dripping.

Someone knocks on the door.

“Please come in.”

Then my roommate comes in through the carefully opened door.

Jin Chae-yul.

“Hello.”

The guy with an awkward smile looked around the room and came inside.

The guy who had been humming and hesitatingly opening the door until just yesterday morning seems to have found the room a little more empty after he remembered his memory.

“Senior this is your room. Please sit comfortably.”

“Umm yes.”

Still he soon quietly sat down on his bed and spoke with a smile.

“I stopped talking to Jaehyun hyung!”

Now that I think about it I was so angry that I spoke out to that bastard so confidently.

“…yes. “Well it just so happened.”

“good night!”

Chaeyul grinned. And then sighed a little.

“I’ve calmed down now. “We want to go back to the way things were so we will participate diligently.”

“ah.”

Was that not enough consideration?

“sorry. “You must have been shocked but we proceeded too hastily.”

“no! I think it’s a bit of a rare method to begin with. “We don’t usually proceed like this just dividing from the basics.”

The guy hastily threw up his hand. And he nods his head with a serious face.

“Should I just say that it feels like there is a clear division of roles and each person does their best to do their job?”

“hmm.”

“So even though it was a dream it was fun working here. “I express a lot of opinions.”

The guy muttered in a slightly juvenile tone.

“Why I also liked the gesture I chose for this sub song!”

“Yes the response was actually good.”

“Hmm it was a bit like that wasn’t it? Geonwoo. “No junior!”

My cheeks are going to burst.

Chae-yul who was laughing soon asks with her smile still remaining.

“Until I go back can I just call you Gunwoo-hyung? “Ah I know in my head that it’s Mr. Mundae but it’s Geonwoo’s face that I haven’t seen in half a year!”

“It doesn’t matter to me.”

We need to go back and block the possibility of causing controversy.

“Wouldn’t it be okay if you just talk comfortably? “No matter what you are a senior.”

“Oh I will!”

In fact he agreed so quickly that I thought he was trying to speak informally.

Chae-yul pats me on the back like a senior.

“Mundae-do then go back and talk to me and make yourself comfortable! Anyway I will go to the military in a little while and not be active…”

“…”

“…”

“Fighting.”

“yes…”

I ended up going there twice. Be patient too.

Anyway until the next meeting when these two guys come up with useful opinions.

I think I’ll give it some time.

And a few hours later.

“Then I’ll make a list starting from the ones that have been decided.”

“yes!”

I picked up a piece of paper with ‘Welcome VTIC’ written on the back and used it to write.

“Number 1. Appearance program.”

-It absolutely has to be a contest program.

-How about selecting a candidate based on viewer ratings and WeTube views?

I wrote down the corresponding program.

‘We also have a special episode for the 100th episode so it’s like killing two birds with one stone.’

And next.

“Association No. 2.”

-I hope we can bring to life a little bit the characters we picked through our individual activities.

-If you do it wrong it could have the opposite effect…

-I’m good at it. Everyone is good. Then no problem!

I can’t refute that.

So it was time to write down point 3 about the decided direction and concept.

“I have an opinion.”

“…!”

Jin Chae-yul raised her hand.

“Is it about the concept?”

“That too but um… I’m talking about the program you’re appearing in.”

“Ah senior have you found another good option and would you like to change?”

“That’s not it.”

He hesitated a little and then opened his mouth.

“I was wondering what if I postponed my appearance for just one more week!”

“…!”

Why bother with a special episode 100?

“I was a regular viewer of this program and great people appeared the week after the special.”

He stroked the back of his head.

“In fact I think the viewership ratings were better back then…”

“Who is that?”

“Senior Tea Holic.”

“…!!”

That’s definitely true though.

‘There’s someone who would have known this better than that guy.’

I turned my head and looked at Cheongnyeo. The guy speaks without even looking away.

“well.”

“…”

“I took it off a week early on purpose. This has a preemptive effect. “It is also difficult to control program casting.”

It means shut up.

Chaeyul swallowed slightly.

Shin-oh looked at Chae-yul for a moment with the eyes of a pitiful person and was about to open his mouth as if he wanted to back it up.

“Well I think the effect will be greater if we compare directly! “We also develop a sense of competition.”

“…!”

Chaeyul opened her mouth first. This guy looked a little embarrassed perhaps because the situation was awkward but he didn’t back down.

Cheongryeo has no facial expression.

‘hmm.’

Would you like me to help you?

I put down the pen and opened my mouth.

“If it succeeds I don’t think it will be worth the risk. “Look at the number of people in our group now.”

The guy looks away. I grinned.

“Isn’t it worth trying to get revenge in a situation where you don’t lose out to the senior president in terms of annual leave?”

“…”

“You’re raising the stakes.”

There was silence.

And after a while Cheongryu who was touching his chin nodded.

“Not bad.”

“…!”

At that moment the three VTIC guys looked like they had just witnessed a dog with wings come down from the sky.

“I’m in! I like it. “Competition moves people!”

Thanks to Cha Yu-jin who quickly came in with a bite the atmosphere was set.

“Do you have any objection?”

“Well I don’t think there is one.”

I wrote down the last list while listening to Liu Chengwu’s slightly laughing voice.

[4. Comparison target]

The more people who comment the better the viral success will be.

It’s a good idea. Modern and I nodded internally when we saw Chae-yul high-fiving Shinno and pretending not to be.

Still isn’t he a guy who knows how to be rude to a senior senior like T-Holic who is willing to take off his rank insignia and win by being compared to him?

‘It’s not for nothing that I’ve been in the first team for 10 years.’

It was fortunate that there was enough poison. I opened my mouth right away without any expression.

“Now all I have to do is rest only when I sleep and replace all my time with practice time.”

“…”

“…”

“Is that Testa always like this?”

“yes. “Isn’t it VTIC?”

“…”

I can’t bear to deny it. After all arts and physical education which makes a lot of money is premised on work that destroys work-life balance.

* * *

〈True Battle〉.

Among the many programs where singers compete for rankings and wins or losses on stage this is the longest-running original program.

In particular this Season 7 grew by recovering well in viewership ratings with the return of the original producer and the original PD. However if there is a problem it is the sadness of the longevity program.

Lack of cast pool.

As a result they who originally only sang singers famous for their singing skills or crazy performances had no choice but to slightly change their route…

It’s an idol appearance.

-The original intention of showing a talented singer. Where has it gone? It’s truly shameful!

-Even when I turn on music broadcasts only idols I don’t know who they are appear on so that’s it? Please stop~~

So quietly.

The stage was to lure viewers by carefully recruiting very popular or talented groups and lowering the hurdle…

Suddenly in the preview for this episode it was a betrayal that wasn’t a betrayal.

-What kind of idol teams are there?

-Tea Holic and Wishes? Who is Wishes?

But what’s better is that they both have familiar faces and songs they know.

That’s why viewers sit in front of TV computer and smartphone screens to watch this episode anyway even though they are complaining and swearing.

-I think it’s guaranteed bathroom time PD.

And Wishes was scheduled to appear on the opening stage as a rookie.
