---
title: "Chapter 410"
category: "book"
index: 409
section: "Chapter 410"
slug: "410"
---

# Chapter 410

The competition program in which Wishz is appearing this time ‘True Battle’ does not show a long narrative of preparing for the stage although it provides a short amount of talk.

This is to maintain the concept of a battle of talented fighters ‘everything is said on stage.’

So on the contrary Ryu Geon-woo was happy.

‘If you show too much of the preparation process the impact will decrease.’

Since they are all experienced workers they will show a picture of them skilfully slowing down the progress unlike a rookie.

I don’t want that kind of character.

‘I have to give it a taste that betrays expectations.’

Thanks to this Wishes received the editing typical of a ‘big rookie with one song’ with very little preparation.

[〈What is the fifth team?〉]

[The idol you want~ Hello. This is Wishz.]

A neat look. And it’s about the length of introducing the currently popular song ‘Timer’ as if it were an advertisement.

Originally I would have received more. Because each and every one of them is a ridiculous monster rookie who is hot.

However the rest of the initial portion goes to teams with compatible positions and images.

Bareu Tea Holic.

[Ah~ Welcome!]

[〈National Idol Has Come!〉]

Because it is a group that is more widely known and has many hit songs viewers’ reactions are focused on that group whether good or bad.

However some people who like to show off their sharp analysis left comments.

-There seems to be some overlap.

-This is a casting failure. The two have very similar images.

-It would be better to differentiate with Ryu Cheong-woo and cut the volume.

Each member who has been active in individual activities is popular and has hit songs for popular music.

Just to list those facts Wishes was clearly a latecomer to the Tea Holic line.

Moreover the theme of this 101st episode performance does not help Wishes.

[Topic\: Beginners]

[Theme for the singers who took on the challenge of ‘True Competition’ which has surpassed 100 episodes and is now entering its first episode]

Beginners for a rookie?

In addition I couldn’t help but feel bored when I thought about the festival-like 100th episode special featuring gorgeous stage sets and famous songs by famous composers.

The last word before the stage Even when leader Jaehyun Shin gave his requested ‘word of determination’ people were shocked.

[Thankfully we have made our name known through various individual activities but in reality we are essentially group performers.]

[I want to show you.]

-That looks like a death flag.

-If anyone sees it they will think that entertainment shows have been on for about 5 years haha.

-I guess you did a lot with the timer?

When viewers react in a somewhat appalling manner to the remarks of a promising newcomer who already has a hit song.

The fan who was leaving a message of support couldn’t resist and started tapping on the keyboard.

– Haha you all don’t know. I’m from the Wishz survival program.

-The group competition itself is the kids’ first priority.

The text disappeared in an instant but at that moment the broadcast screen changed.

[Live Broadcast]

The moment a real-time broadcast appears in the upper corner and the texture of the screen changes the camera moves and illuminates the stage.

The opening stage is ready.

A huge cursive font appears brightly on the top electronic display board.

[Yesterday]

Yellow light like sunlight falls on the stage.

The stage set in front of the blue sky-like electronic display board is the school’s wonderful entrance made of brick.

And performers appear between the panel structures.

Wishes members dressed in neat private school uniforms.

They gathered along the route and formed into a formation with blonde Chae-yul smiling at the center.

[Should I turn the timer and go to the past?]

It was the appearance of a song that everyone knows.

The stage which changes the movement and singing style somewhat musically and includes brass accompaniment is somewhat retro and pleasant.

An overwhelming and joyful feeling.

In addition each time he did his part he mixed in a slightly humorous mix of the characters he had built up in entertainment.

Ryu Cheong-woo wearing glasses and reading a book. A cast member who performs a magic trick of lighting newspaper on fire. Cha Yu-jin narrows her eyes as she ends her rap with ‘I’m sorry’.

Mix in buzzwords or recreate situations.

And Ryu Geon-woo who was holding a campaign sign as if he was protesting hugged the sign tightly and smiled and sang the chorus.

[You are in my racing heart

A meteor falling from above us

I still remember today too]

Members waving their hands and doing choreography.

All of those moments… gave me a very natural and pleasant feeling of support. From the successful arrangement to the relaxed appearance of the members who don’t even look nervous.

-It’s okay.

-You’re good at it. It’s a positive thing for an idol~~ I feel like I’m being supported ^^

-I must have gotten some tickets. The song is pretty good too.

It may have been a bit boring but it was a good pleasant opening performance. The vocals are also flawless.

The moment I thought it was worth moving on without swearing.

-uh? Where is Raebin Kim?

While I was unaware of the complicated movement lines and distorted camera work.

There is a human figure climbing up the railing behind the stage set.

The camera that follows behind shows him putting his hand on the school clock… Kim Rae-bin with white hair.

That moment when my downcast eyes met the camera.

[D——-ing—–]

Suddenly the camera work pulls back.

The blue sky on the electronic display board stirs and a new sound comes in accompanied by the sound of a bell.

Forging recorder.

And the tempo of the accompaniment changes.

-????

While Kim Rae-bin leisurely walks down the railing one step at a time the remaining seven gather together and show off their choreography.

The choreography looks similar to a dance break but is off-kilter and somewhat slow giving a slightly strange feeling.

And when Kim Rae-bin came down and joined in the bell sound and the existing accompaniment had already died down.

In white noise.

Raebin Kim walks to the center and nods his head.

And a low hoarse voice.

[Move the timer]

[Grant my wish]

The song unfolds again with an unfamiliar rap attached to the mismatched melody.

A powerful riff melody.

[A spell I will never forget

Memorize it and teach it to me

your world]

Before you know it the electronic display board turns red becomes dark and a crescent moon appears.

time of night.

[Yesterday]

The moment the letters at the top change the real choreography begins.

And every time a member comes out looking for their part in ‘Timer’.

[Turn the timer]

[I’m here I won’t change]

It’s blocked.

A new minor melody follows the melody of the timer.

The classical arrangement is pushed aside and modern midi sounds naturally take its place.

Viewers were perplexed because it was impossible to not know this much.

-What song is this?

-Isn’t Timer your debut song?

no.

Their debut songs that kicked off the popularity of domestic music that perfectly suited the tastes of the KPOP fandom are numerous.

[Even if I memorize it forever

I’m not sick of it hold on to me

Leave it here]

‘Wish’

The story of a ghost forever trapped in a midnight school eats away at the timer.

Like eating it.

Every time the timer’s riff melody comes on Wish’s beat presses down like it’s being squeezed.

And like a block the choreography changes.

[The picture sparkles]

[The sound of the prey breathing on a hunting night

I am the one who grants wishes]

As if to block Jin Chae-yul’s movement in the refrain of the timer Cha Yu-jin catches the dance center with her eyes shining.

In the timer part members who intentionally had fewer parts come to the forefront.

The beat gradually becomes faster and more intense and the movements of the choreography become more violent as if the movement is being pushed roughly.

Hunting night.

A chilling high-pitched sound surges.

[Ohohohoh-]

A dark and powerful voice beneath it

[Make me enhanced

Make me better

[Come-in]

The moment when the outstretched hands and stopping movements are captured.

The song ends.

A figure coming forward from the center lowering its raised hand into the air.

[one

two

three

Now grant my wish]

Neat attire.

The line of movement solidifies into a pyramid shape with Shin Jaehyun turning around with a smile after arranging the fabric with his fingers.

However his back row is still looking forward. And open your mouth.

[Woo… Woo…]

A cappella sounds like jeers.

The bell rings in the red midnight school.

[Ding-]

The upper body shakes to the rhythm.

[Dong-]

The lights went out.

[…g]

The opening stage ended with only the sound of a bell remaining on the dark stage.

Soon the MC’s comment sounds through the VCR for the next stage but…

-???

-What song is this now?? Someone please answer

-It was thrilling.

-What did I just see?

Viewers’ reactions could not keep up with the flow and were filled with astonishment.

-? I went to the bathroom why is the mood like this?

After the live broadcast on this day was over there was a 10-minute voting period for half the audience and half the viewers.

Wishes performed well by finishing in 2nd place from the bottom.

* * *

Before leaving work I stopped by the bathroom and on the way back I scrolled through my smartphone screen in the hallway.

Every time I turn the page the story of this group pops up.

The main keyword is embarrassment.

-Is this how Wishz usually performs?

The stage of ‘Timer’ which was aimed at the music source was intentionally designed to be easy to follow and easy to watch.

This means that the main focus was not to shock people with insanely high difficulty or to have a strong jaw-dropping force and a feeling that caught attention to the point of embarrassment.

It’s just a stage where you can feel good and show off your talent.

Therefore the public perceived Wish’s long term and route as the ‘public-friendly T-holic line’.

But I realized it through this performance.

This group’s aspirations.

-This guy’s entertainment show was really a side job.

Surprisingly it’s true. I nodded while looking at the best comment.

-No it’s not a scam? Do this on a live broadcast〉?? Hahahahaha

-Wow how did you get the timing right for this? You’re all good wow crazy live…

-I didn’t expect the minor sensibility to reach this level but it’s attractive. Was this what your original debut felt like?

While such reactions were pouring in from the entertainment community that was interested in idols general viewers also added.

It’s so good that it feels a bit repulsive and the rapid response of surprise is the main one.

Besides this is not an ordinary program.

-It was a refreshing performance. Perhaps because they are young people they know how to take on challenges. I have seen geniuses.

-I never thought the opening would end like this~~It was great!

-With such talent you must have suffered from a heartless company that only puts out entertainment shows. I’m really good at singing and dancing.

A long-standing contest program.

Because viewers who had already reached a large number of viewers were hoping for a more intense and stimulating contest stage.

I think this was just the right stimulus to the eyes of these people who after watching over 100 episodes have come to see most things as clichés.

Stage-wise and narrative-wise.

‘This is because the good guy is the good guy.’

Thanks to this it is good to see that the overwhelming majority have changed their stance.

‘good.’

I nodded and turned off the internet. I thought that if I published all the articles tomorrow I would be able to boost the group’s image without any problems.

Now it’s time to go in stretch out and sleep for more than 6 hours for the first time in a while…

“Uh over there.”

“yes?”

When I turn my head I see a familiar face…

‘hmm.’

This bastard… who was it?

‘Ah you’re a Tea Holic.’

However the reason I don’t know is that he is a withdrawn member.

I’m sorry but in reality it’s been a while since you left the group. Well I should have had a chance to see his face.

I quickly bowed and said hello like a rookie. The guy nodded.

“I enjoyed the stage. “I prepared very hard but I deserved to come in second place!”

“thank you.”

I politely held the hand he held out. Then a look somewhere between disregard and caution passed through his eyes.

“I think it would be cool to release the next comeback song with that kind of stage feel. Wishes seems to be the best at that.”

Fuck popularity?

Well this guy probably doesn’t know that the rookie doesn’t have the authority to decide that.

I guess he just felt bad about losing so he deliberately wandered around our waiting room to be treated like a senior.

‘oh.’

Is this a guy who knows how to abuse power?

How about it anyway? He’s going to retire in a few years anyway.

I smiled inwardly and nodded.

“Oh thank you.”

“is it so. okay. “I hope we can see you again on our next entertainment show.”

“Oh yeah.”

Still should I be a little discouraged?

My waiting room door is right in front of me but I don’t feel very good about not being able to leave work. Would you mind shutting up and getting out of the way?

But suddenly the door opens.

Sweet.

And then a guy dressed in civilian clothes comes out.

Cheongnyeo.

“hello. “Senior.”

“Ah Jaehyun. Welcome back. okay.”

He’s the leader and I guess he knows better than the others by saying hello to them.

‘Shall I skip it and go in?’

I rarely looked at the guy who was walking with joy.

The person who left T-Holic chews his mouth.

“You always have a good attitude. “If you want it to last long you have to keep doing it.”

“I always respect you.”

“Okay okay.”

Meaning and confidence that you will never leave this position. And hubris.

‘I wonder if it’s a bit meh.’

That was the moment I was about to open my mouth.

First Cheongryeo slowly opened his mouth.

“But it can’t be at its peak forever. “Both groups and people.”

“…!”

Shin Jae-hyun immediately smiled and looked at the T-holic guy.

It means you won’t last longer than me.

‘…that guy.’

It was Mac.

But that guy… I never thought I’d see him say something like that out loud.

-It’s the prime time because the prime time is over.

I remembered what I said to that guy earlier.

And the defector’s face became increasingly red and he began to look with a straight face.

“You now…”

“Oh my brother you’re here!”

At that moment a bright voice intervened again.

The guy who came running from around the corner was another member of T-Holic.

“The manager was looking for me. Ah Wishes people.”

The youngest of T-Holic the owner of ‘Party in me’ which I did during my first evaluation of 〈Azusa〉 narrowed his eyes.

“I really enjoyed the stage. “Let’s compete in good faith so that we can be seen on broadcasting stations for a long time!”

“no. “We dare not compete…”

“You’re even humble.”

No if we go back to reality it means we can’t compete because of the generation gap. At that point it is an attack on the elderly.

Anyway the guy seemed to be smiling a little like he was being kind but he quickly corrected his expression.

“Thank you~ Now bro let’s go!”

T-Holic’s youngest member disappeared dragging the one who was about to leave the group.

“…”

I looked at Cheongnyeo. The guy shrugged his shoulders and smiled slightly.

“Well how do you feel about what you said being quoted?”

“I just need to know.”

“haha!”

I left the laughing guy behind and opened the door to the waiting room.

So all conditions were met.

Now comes target season.

* * *

“Hello viewers~”

Lee Se-jin of the group Gylob who held the microphone on the side of the MC seat at the awards ceremony smiled and greeted.

He who received rave reviews for his dyed black hair is standing here thanks to his steady group activities and outstanding individual performance this year.

Of course one of the reasons was that he was one of the few qualified people who could watch the live broadcast well but there were circumstances that the company did not know.

‘…I think it will work out well though.’

Lee Se-jin is here to prepare for any unexpected situation.

For planning and operations.

‘Oh I’ve tried all these things.’

Although he secretly swallowed his saliva out of nervousness he smiled casually and raised his head.

“The &lt;Lemon Music Awards&gt; is coming to an end!”

The year-end awards ceremony has begun.
