---
title: "Chapter 411"
category: "book"
index: 410
section: "Chapter 411"
slug: "411"
---

# Chapter 411

“I am happy to share meaningful news here today.”

Lee Se-jin’s presentation of the awards ceremony was flawless. Even people who were talking about age and seniority became quiet once the awards ceremony got underway.

In addition the group he belonged to also won an award and produced a good picture.

“Performance Award… Gylob!”

-Ohhhhh

-Lee Se-jin is he crazy walking out of the MC’s seat? He’s so cool. Put on a stuffed suit.

-LOL It’s cute how the kids join in and say hello.

Lee Se-jin grinned as he joined the surrounding members on the podium.

When the ‘brothers’ make eye contact they quickly smile. It was a sincere response that clearly showed that he was paying close attention.

‘Yes I’m doing well.’

It was worth it.

This is because as soon as Lee Se-jin regained her reality tester self she showed the members a true taste of reality.

First of all the day I dyed my hair and returned home.

-Hey~ What are you?

-Lee Se-jin I do whatever I want ol~

Finally Lee Se-jin grinned and said to the guys who had their noses in their smartphones without even giggling or at least reacting that this guy was like this too.

-Oh… are you laughing?

-…?!

-But the answer is correct. Wow I’m going to do as I want just like you said!

Then I went to the company and informed them that I had dyed my hair.

This is exactly what I proposed as a trade to a company that was frightened by unexpected situations and was torn between child care and corporal punishment.

-Huh? Everyone was comfortable so I thought it would be okay for me too. I had to report it~

Members’ deviant behavior.

From octopus foot dating tricks to secret account club networking lines.

Originally Gyrop’s Lee Se-jin detonated with a bomb what he had grasped as much as possible while clenching his teeth in order to resolve the matter.

-no…!

-Do you see the conversation history here?

No matter how good your grades are it’s only been 3 years. Of course the company was shocked and took action to resolve the issue.

Emergency bells ringing to strengthen surveillance on every move of mobile phones and the tight management system just before debut has kicked the members’ butts again!

And of course the members were furious at Lee Se-jin.

It is basic to tacitly tolerate and keep quiet within the team but to dare to come out like this was an unacceptable act of betrayal.

How dare you be the youngest in a group?

-Did you turn around?

-hey.

However Sejin Lee grinned without blinking.

-Is this a threat? Oh I have to post on social media that I’m leaving because I can’t stand the threats and bullying from my brothers!

-…?!

And then I really turn on my social media account and start writing without hesitation.

Even the details of selecting and attaching emotional photos quoting depressing poems such as ‘The Lonely Stranger’.

It’s scary at this point.

-Are you crazy you bastard?

-I don’t know~ I guess so!

It’s even scarier because the person who was originally the youngest and most active in society suddenly changes his mind and becomes a psychotic bastard who can’t communicate.

It was a crazy meta.

-Wait a minute.

-Oh please… No.

It took less than a day for the members overwhelmed by the unpredictable situation to declare surrender.

-Wow~ Club! Well you dance in the practice room or in the club that’s it right? I’ll post a proof photo on social media that I’m practicing really hard at my brother’s club!

-Oh okay. wait for a sec.

‘oh’

Kkangpan was the answer. It was a low-dimensional cider that Lee Se-jin who had adapted well to society all her life and spent her life without blushing as much as possible felt for the first time in her life.

‘This is it.’

Lee Se-jin was almost tempted for a moment by the thrill of doing something with no future but he soon smiled and shrugged.

‘It’s cool but it’s not my type.’

So I ended up doing it the way I was good at.

After that over the next 15 days I worked on it whenever I was alone with the members.

-brother.

-Uh… I just need to go to the bathroom for a moment.

-Yes yes. Actually you’re not that strange of a person. I am like this because I am so disappointed in the other members.

And specifically he gives examples of derailment that never apply to the member in question as if lamenting them.

-Honestly dating like an octopus… No the day you make a mistake is too big of a blow. Does that make sense?

-… Yeah that bastard crossed a line.

-yes. I don’t want to disappoint you but let’s do our best. We need to maintain popularity.

-… Oh uh-uh.

Even though he was a trainee in his early 20s it wasn’t long before he debuted and it wasn’t a task to make good guys change their attitude.

‘He’s a scary crazy guy but we get along well and I’m a close friend.’

Everyone was made to have this illusion.

After that it was all smooth sailing.

Isn’t this board the result of the combination of crazy whippings that seem to not discriminate among friends and carrots that only seem to be given to me?

A balanced situation in which each side monitors the other and tries to win Lee Se-jin’s favor.

“thank you. “We will continue to work hard!”

In the end this year without being hit by a rush of fans leaving I moved with a lot of spirit and won the award.

‘Ah~ I worked properly.’

Lee Se-jin looked back on her past activities and felt refreshed. And the faces of the members were confirmed.

‘Really… Where did these guys debut?’

There was a time when I thought I couldn’t debut because I lacked the positioning or charm as an idol compared to these guys.

Now that I look at it I wonder if I misunderstood it because I was young…

‘If you debuted after beating me do it right.’

I thought it was a well-deserved award and wanted to work hard.

‘I’m going back anyway!’

He concluded reassuringly. Of course on the way there… I didn’t know I’d be backing things up like this.

‘under.’

Keun Se-jin became a little dizzy thinking about what would happen later but his face was still smiling and he returned to the MC seat after giving his speech.

“thank you!”

“Congratulations Sejin~”

The other two hosts applaud. Lee Se-jin bowed his head sadly and showed a happy expression.

“Now that I think about it the next presenter is someone Sejin knows well.”

“ah.”

It’s coming out slowly.

Big Sejin pretended not to know and smiled curiously.

“Wow who is this? “Can I meet you now?”

“sure.”

“This is the Rookie of the Year Award.”

The electronic signboard behind me opens and someone I know walks out.

“This is Lee Se-jin the actor of &lt;Seahorse&gt; and &lt;Dialing&gt;.”

It was Bae Se-jin who would present the awards alone.

Anyone who saw a well-dressed member looked like an actor.

But Big Se-jin knew that if that person wore idol styling he would look like an idol again.

“hello. As a listener who enjoys listening to KPOP I am very excited and honored to be standing here.”

The obvious awards ceremony script continues. However the vocalization is good and sounds natural due to the nature of the job.

“At some point I think KPOP became a hobby and daily life that I felt very close to.”

He even glances back at the host table and says something like this.

“I think it’s even more so because among the idols there are people with the same name as me.”

Big Sejin smiled and nodded. Laughter and applause erupted from the audience.

As expected he is really good at acting with a script. Even if that’s not the case… he’s also a hard-working person.

‘hmm.’

Big Sejin admitted it. Bae Se-jin is not a person who has no passion for work or is insincere.

The problem is that it doesn’t suit you but whatever.

‘That’s it… If you keep doing it it might get better.’

Rarely Big Sejin gave a generous evaluation to an interpersonal relationship that had already been ruined.

You can’t say there was no gyroscope effect.

“I will make an announcement.”

And the winner of the Rookie Award whom Bae Se-jin called out with a faint smile was Wishz.

-Escape from Deokgye Pond!

-Congratulations Lee Se-jin hahaha

And although his acting skills were not at all noticeable he also knew how things would proceed.

‘…’

Bae Se-jin watched with a strange feeling as the suspicious Wishes said thank you.

And Eun Se-jin guessed what the person with the same name was thinking. I said the same thing.

‘…Reminds me of the old days.’

Of course I’m not talking about when Gyrop was riding but when Testa was riding.

He looked away and smiled.

‘I want to go back quickly.’

Because there are only proven people in that group the stage is so good.

I didn’t want to feel like my place was becoming unclear again.

[Should I turn back the timer and go to the past?]

As he watched Wishes’ performance right after winning the Rookie of the Year award he endured a strange feeling not knowing whether it was anticipation or anxiety.

And after some time had passed.

After advertisements and several performances the announcer standing next to him reads the long-awaited cue card.

* * *

[This award is the Song of the Year Award.]

“Whoa.”

This is almost the end of part 2. I sat down in the singer’s seat and checked my surroundings.

From Testa to the VTIC guys.

Fortunately there is no one with a mark on his face.

[Brother I’m so nervous.]

You… I can’t see your face so you can be as nervous as you want.

Anyway the target is finally called.

Perhaps because they wanted to give it to the singer with the lowest name the Song of the Year Award is given out first.

‘It’s obvious.’

It’s Wishes.

[If you would like to help with the award ceremony…]

And then the presenter opens the door and enters…

Isn’t that Sun Ah-hyun?

[This is Kim Nan-joo director of the Korea Music Record Foundation and ballerina Seon A-hyeon.]

what.

As I watched the guy in the suit walk in I suddenly realized that I had already heard the guy talk in passing.

-I heard that I’ve been invited to an awards ceremony… I might be able to see it…!

No I thought it was ToneA. Usually it’s what T1 guys do to try to boost the name value of the award ceremony by inviting names from other arts fields.

So naturally I passed it on and said ‘I’ll see you later when I see it.’

‘…It’s actually better that the relevant person came to the meeting.’

Because you never know what unexpected situation might happen.

I stopped Cha Yu-jin who was trying to wave to Sun Ah-hyun and focused my gaze on the podium.

[hello.]

Seon Ah-hyun who entered with an older woman named Lee smiles and listens to Lee’s words and only towards the end does she open her mouth.

I guess they handed over all the promotional and other comments.

Announcement of winners.

[Lemon Music Awards Song of the Year Award. The winner is…]

The guy smiled brightly when our eyes met.

[Congratulations. Wishes…!]

Wow!!

The venue is filled with cheers screams and celebration.

Each member exchanges a hug and a pat on the shoulder.

At first glance it may seem like an expression of emotion but it is actually more an expression of determination.

“Let’s go Mundae hyung.”

“okay.”

Cha Yu-jin pats me on the back. I headed straight to the podium.

‘You can’t be late.’

When we go up to the stage Sun Ah-hyun smiles and hands us a bouquet of flowers.

Take it and leave the trophy to someone else

I stood right in front of the microphone. And then I looked back at Cheongryeo.

“…”

Right after.

The guy nods his head slightly.

It was a signal.

I immediately opened my mouth in front of a standing microphone.

“hello everyone.”

I can feel other guys standing in formation right behind me.

A moment filled with tension.

“Let’s get straight to the point.”

I opened my mouth as clearly as I could without taking a deep breath.

“I’m retiring.”

“…?!”

“Without reversal. completely.”

I continued speaking.

“I will exclude all cases in which entertainment industry activities will gain recognition or fame.”

There is no rebuttal coming from behind my back.

Tacit consent of all.

For this purpose VTIC was awakened. If you become a party without knowing anything you will be embarrassed.

Uh huh? Huh?

However underneath the stage chaos and fear erupt.

“This is a declaration of retirement.”

The audience was filled with screams and confusion. The production crew are busy running around in front of it or hastily giving autographs to the stage and staff.

I looked down at it with an expressionless expression.

One person hurriedly finds a sketchbook or something and scribbles on his knees.

-What is this?

But before the sentence was even completed.

The audience seat.

The stage the podium the lights the air is hot.

Everything stops.

-…

And what fills my vision is… a hologram.

It’s a status window.

[Ending]

[New Chapter Creation]

[Settling]

[cancellation]

[Ending]

[New Chapter Creation]

[Settling]

[cancellation]

…

The status window explodes again. Just like on an airplane!

‘okay.’

Done!

I gritted my teeth and saw an infinitely repeating pattern that was endlessly reproduced.

I remember when I planned this.

-If you want to get out quickly I think it would be better to try a different method.

Cheongnyeo showed off one of her skills.

-There is an error reporting function.

And the presupposed meaning there is…

-Errors may occur.

Isn’t there a need to create a function that reports something that doesn’t exist?

From there we made a plan.

We plan to create errors that will make progress completely impossible.

-Can you know exactly when the quest will be completed?

-That’s right.

-Then give me a signal.

At the point of clearing the game essential elements for progression are removed.

‘Activity invalidated.’

If you do it before clearing the clearing will simply fail. And if you do it after clearing it it doesn’t mean much. Because I already cleared it.

But if you do it at the same time…

‘It’s a contradiction.’

It’s a collision.

-So if there is an error in the algorithm…

-It’s bouncing.

Just an error.

A huge bug occurs.

[Error\: Undefined.]

[※※※※※※※※※※※※※※※※]

[※※※※※※※※※※※※※※※※]

[Time remaining until program auto-stop\: @#$!.]

I twisted my mouth as I watched the letters change on all the holograms.

Auto stop.

‘The program crashes.’

As GM Cheongryeo also has no authority to recover in this situation.

‘In that case there is a high probability that the game world will collapse and return to reality due to overload.’

I prepared.

And then I really start to lose my mind.

A vague sense of floating envelops my brain as if I’m about to wake up…

That moment.

[——.]

Something hits my brain.

Very huge.

Uuuuuung-!

“…!!”

I bit my tongue in excruciating shock. Instead of a floating feeling there is a vibration.

The problem is that it’s… something that makes sense.

Power without words to express one’s opinion.

The meaning is

-Is it a mistake?

And immediately after the stage is erased.

Like a graphic the podium is erased and the stage structure disappears.

Next is the production crew and audience seats.

Even the light of the light stick.

Everything disappears leaving behind a world with only vague and abstract structures.

And the voice is heard again.

[I use this expression often.]

A voice like I’ve heard before somewhere.

It expresses itself in a sound that seems to be humming in a dream.

[System.]

[Do you use that kind of title?]

I clenched my fists.

It was a system.
