---
title: "Chapter 412"
category: "book"
index: 411
section: "Chapter 412"
slug: "412"
---

# Chapter 412

My head feels cold.

This thing I know I call myself a system.

How much do you know? No before that…

‘…You can talk?’

Was this communication possible?

[You are questioning my existence.]

The world where only the outline remains is distorted every time a sound is heard.

An enormous presence fills the space creating an enormous pressure that cannot be withstood by a small creature…

‘shut up.’

What the fuck are you saying?

The number of parasites that use human hosts must be quite enormous. Don’t get involved needlessly and come to your senses.

I chewed the inside of my mouth. I felt like the pain was coming back to my senses.

A soft voice hums in the air.

[Don’t you like it here?]

[I thought it was well made.]

It is a very human vocabulary. That gives me even more goosebumps.

“Did you make it?”

[okay.]

[This kind of behavior… can be described as receiving feedback.]

thud.

The space is swirling.

The frame emerges and soon even the vague shapes and traces disappear and become discolored.

All that remains is a colorless space.

[What is lacking?]

But I am here.

I chewed my tongue and opened my mouth.

“There’s a lot to be said for someone who is lacking naive and defrauding someone else’s parents.”

My will fluctuates. I don’t know if it’s agitation or laughter but I feel bad all the same.

I straightened my body and stood facing straight ahead.

My legs are shaking.

However it does not move even if you apply force.

“It can’t be good… and come out.”

I said calmly.

“I have no intention of talking into space anymore.”

A moment of silence.

A slow languid will resonates.

[That’s the procedure.]

And I now know where the comment ‘I think I’ve heard this before somewhere’ comes from.

“…!”

It appeared suddenly.

It did not fall from the sky or rise from the ground.

It just appeared out of the blue like it was supposed to.

Before my eyes.

[hi.]

It looks familiar.

A man in his early to mid 20s who has managed his height to the limit.

Cheongnyeo.

The guy is wearing a black uniform. The outfit that VTIC wore on the first stage of their famous Horn comeback 6 years ago.

The system smiles and nods looking like something out of the days when I was selling data.

Shin Jaehyun in his prime at VTIC was standing there.

Just as creepy.

‘Fuck you.’

[I chose an appearance that is close to you.]

The only difference is the pigment.

It is white without pigment as if it belongs to a colorless space.

“…”

I raised my head again feeling cold sweat running down my spine.

[Now let’s talk.]

The sound rings. The ever-larger presence fills even the invisible void without leaving a single gap.

[This is an offer only for you.]

But it is soft. As if it were a really good offer.

The system declared.

[I will accept your feedback in this world.]

“…!”

what.

[Would you like to adjust the age and era situation to your preference? Should I change my affiliation? Or… should I return it to Park Moon-dae’s body?]

“…!”

[Almost anything is theoretically possible in the environment settings as long as you voice your opinion. As long as the government allows it.]

I kept my mouth shut.

The voice waves more cleverly.

[There are people close to you here. You woke me up. There is nothing lacking.]

[Still if you’re missing something I’ll let you purchase it.]

If you buy it.

[With reputation value (Exp).]

reputation level.

A currency that serves as experience points in this game system.

[The usage has been limited so far but from now on we will be releasing more. Because it’s a new chapter.]

The system talks about updates.

[Let’s implement it more perfectly for parents too. Since it was a prototype it was inadequate this time.]

You crazy bastard.

[You are refusing. Even so… it’s the same conditions as before. yes?]

…I didn’t have parents in the first place so you’re saying that?

I definitely recognized it.

This bastard is not human. It’s not just a matter of appearance; they don’t understand emotions at all.

At best he doesn’t recognize the problem at all which even Cheongnyeo understood.

‘Don’t get caught up.’

I took a short deep breath.

‘Calm down.’

What I have to do.

It is about finding out information.

“Why are you suggesting this?”

Ask questions that are neither positive nor negative.

“Are you just trying to please me because I might go out and try to get rid of you again? “What do you want?”

[—]

The world shakes again. I knew what it meant.

It’s a mockery.

Suddenly a high-pressure vibration comes down like a needle from a high place and turns into a voice.

[I have only one request.]

The system raises its finger.

[Idol.]

The person who is the embodiment of that profession moves his mouth.

[Don’t retire and just continue being an idol. Until you get sick of it.]

[It’s a choice that is neither difficult nor difficult.]

I deliberately chuckled.

“You’re laughing.”

[…]

“Suggestion? If it were me I would kill him right away. “There are so many people who want to become idols.”

From the moment this bastard started talking I intentionally scratched him with increasing intensity but he never said he was going to kill me.

How about this?

“Aren’t you doing this because you can’t kill me?”

I declared.

The system stands still.

“I…”

[You can’t kill me?]

A plain voice rings out.

And suddenly.

The world pours out.

right

right

yes-

The pressure of the deep sea presses down on a person as if the pressure is suddenly and extremely heavy pressing down on the head and brain and squeezing the entire body.

The system is this world.

The world he constructed asks.

[You can’t kill me?]

Damn you bastard.

I feel like my body is burning with cold sweat and heat. But I answered by asking my teeth. Rather I knew for sure.

“okay!”

You’re overreacting because you can’t kill him.

‘I was shaken.’

Sting here.

“and you… what it looks like now.”

I remembered the big moon that was assimilated into the status window.

It seemed like he had been influenced and absorbed into the system almost unilaterally. But at the same time they had influence on the system.

then

“I didn’t choose it.”

This cub has been cleansed for a very long time and lived countless times.

Raw without a status window.

then

“Isn’t that all you can do?”

I shouted.

“I wonder if it’s because you too are influenced by people.”

The world stopped.

and.

[that’s right.]

The vibration of the voice disappeared.

I took a deep breath.

The system mutters in an almost human-sounding sound.

[If you are involved in one mind for a long time you become buried. It’s a big side effect…]

[But what I got was bigger and it was a successful direction.]

For a moment I felt like I could hear joy in the system’s voice.

‘Fuck you.’

I straightened up and asked again.

“What are you?”

[I have been here for a long time.]

[In the minds of intelligent beings.]

It’s a parasite fuck.

[It fulfills the aspirations of an intelligent being and the intense emotions and chaos produced in the process are resources. Mental energy.]

[That energy sustains and grows my intellect.]

Speak in a flashy manner. I swallowed.

“Then why are you an idol?”

Why are you emphasizing that?

Moreover it doesn’t seem like a coincidence that three people from Cheongryeo to Kwon Hee-seung are working as idols in a row.

“On what basis did you choose us?”

The system smiles like a picture.

[Because there has never been anything so efficient.]

Efficiency?

The guy who raised his hand speaks like a well-mannered salesman.

[I searched for energy like that for a very long time… Then I met a new entity.]

Cheongnyeo.

The desire and obsession for becoming a successful idol group.

[For such a direct and vast torrent of living emotions to gather in one intelligent being.]

[Overwhelming envy the burden of being crushed to death happiness pain the king and the clown. Innumerable emotions worthy of the leader of the religious sect.]

[I harvested so much energy.]

“…”

There was heat in his voice as if he was drunk.

But not in a humane way. The system speaks clearly.

[How much worship affection hatred and disgust your identity which means idol receives at the same time.]

[It’s really… a great object.]

[It was very good. But it’s over.]

This is because Cheongryeo eventually succeeded in ending the status abnormality.

[So I looked for a similar intelligence.]

me.

[you.]

[You were great too.]

“…”

The guy held out his hand.

[You were happy. I know.]

[We’ll be doing this here forever. Live as the most famous idol in this country and this world until you get sick of it. And if you make a mistake if you feel like you’ll fall again if you see the end do it again.]

[Eternal star!]

Click.

A shining light flashes in a world where there was nothing.

[Until that day when you are sick and tired you can live a successful life.]

And whisper again.

[But in the end if you feel like quitting everything it’s okay to quit.]

If we can find the next host

[You can only enjoy this right until then. As much as you want.]

The world shines.

A strange overwhelming feeling comes over me as if everything will be fine if I accept this.

As if a perfect world would be created that accommodates only the strengths of reality.

I looked at the system which had already regained its color and asked.

“What about Kwon Hee-seung?”

[…]

“What happens to that guy?”

The light of the world disappears.

And then I hear a soft voice.

[The server acts as a server.]

[That’s someone else’s business that has nothing to do with you. There is countless death and suffering in the world. It is not a matter for you personally to worry about.]

okay?

[Still if you want you can make it here…]

“Just like my parents.”

I spoke in a low voice.

“Really you are using it as a server.”

[—.]

affirmation.

I interpreted the vibration as not even a voice.

And I ask again.

“Is this a dream Kwon Hee-seung is having?”

[It’s not like that.]

The voice returns.

[But it becomes solid only when it is based on the mental structure of the medium. What you need to make it a reality not a dream is a server.]

[That’s all.]

[Nothing will change no matter what choice you make it’s just someone else’s situation that won’t affect your decision.]

The system reaches out again.

White hands with clear joints feel powerful and overwhelming. As if everything would come true. I opened my mouth.

“I refuse.”

[…]

“I don’t do business with things I don’t trust.”

The vibration stopped.

White noise that feels like arithmetic.

worry.

result.

[then.]

[I guess we should change roles.]

The system speaks quietly.

“…!!”

I felt myself melting.

‘Fuck you.’

The body that had a shape slowly disappears and the sense of touch slowly disappears.

In a strange situation where only sight and hearing are left the sound is buzzing.

[I have to make you my server.]

[and…]

In a world where everything is blurred one outline becomes clear.

And just like that Inyoung appears again.

“…”

Really cool.

The guy whose outlines are much clearer than the system is unfazed by the sudden situation and stares straight ahead.

Two people with the same appearance face each other in the same posture as if looking in a mirror.

[You were watching right? I’ll suggest it right away.]

[It would be more efficient for you to play directly instead of being a GM. Ryu Geon-woo is uncooperative to play the character role.]

The same tone and voice system speaks.

[If you use the server well there will be no further side effects. Let’s live the perfect idol life you want forever.]

[It is your most core desire.]

Cheongnyeo lowered her head to the side.

And answered.

“no.”

At that moment he activates the GM’s authority.

A relative window appears for me.

‘…Plan B’

-There has to be an alternative.

That’s right.

Other error-causing methods I had planned in case things went wrong.

-What if I could retrieve all the memories distorted by the system?

-From the very beginning… from the memories that were cut off when entering Park Moon-dae’s body.

Awakening returns forgotten memories of previous lives.

[The awakened companion remembers the previous timeline and grows.]

And there are two forms.

Awakening the first companion.

This is the method I have used so far to return memories to other people.

‘And the second.’

Awakening myself.

[Would you like to awaken? ]

-Use Exp 1000

I pressed the button.

Pour all your reputation points into it.

-Use Exp 2000

-Use Exp 4000

-Use Exp 8000

-Use Exp 16000

-Use Exp 32000

-Use Exp 64000

…

roll.
