---
title: "Chapter 413"
category: "book"
index: 412
section: "Chapter 413"
slug: "413"
---

# Chapter 413

There was a phenomenon that occurred every time a colleague was awakened.

It’s pain.

It’s about holding your head and stumbling feeling dizzy pain in your temples and retrieving memories pouring out of you.

A similar thing happened to me.

The only problem is that it overlapped more than 20 times.

‘Damn it.’

I felt a burning pain in my head as I remembered the last item I had seen where my reputation was nearly depleted.

When I see pain even though my body has melted I think that this strange world where only the skeleton remains is all a show.

And the memories poured out all at once like a dam had broken.

-…!

Parents’ accident fire college entrance camera dog studio apartment credits heating relatives field trip debut data workbook…

The past overlaps layer upon layer pounding into my head like an echo.

‘Fuck you.’

I felt sick like I was going to throw up.

But that doesn’t mean there was no harvest.

‘ah.’

also.

I smiled bitterly as I checked on my father who was an office worker and my mother who was an academy instructor.

…I liked it because it was clear.

And the next thing that comes to mind as if breaking my head is the memory of Gold 2.

Heeseung Kwon.

-Ah… it’s really my life!

He was a positive guy who lived hard.

Of course it didn’t stop there. The shock of awakening overlaps and overlaps… and goes even further back.

‘Wook.’

It felt like my internal organs were being twisted but my mind was as clear as if I was literally awake.

And around the time when Park Moon-dae was dizzyingly thinking over and over again the picture of him waking up in an old motel where he collapsed after taking sleeping pills.

Click.

Finally the overflowing flow of memories rewinds back to before the film stopped.

A life I forgot right before I entered Park Moon-dae’s body.

When I came back from the reading room and met Park Moon-dae sitting in front of a motel.

-Thank you… brother.

Still there wasn’t much change there. The scene I saw in the last ‘Truth Confirmation’ was just a reflection of my memory.

The problem has completely evaporated from me over the years.

It is the period after the civil service examination.

-i look forward to.

I gave up preparing for the exam and got a job but ended up working for a decent mid-sized company without much vision.

I think I did a good job but that’s it. There was so much to do and every day I had to deal with inefficient work until night.

A life that does not allow for any solution no leisure or financial situation.

Then I developed a quick and simple habit to relieve my headaches.

It’s a field I know well because I can look at it in a short amount of time it doesn’t cost any extra money and it’s deeply related to what I used to do to make money.

‘Idol.’

Before going to bed I just watched whatever I could find on video sites. It was useful because I didn’t have to use a single ounce of energy.

I wasn’t impressed by the content itself. Since I am no longer selling data there is no need to analyze it.

It wasn’t a bad feeling to just do something different.

Then I also saw this group.

〈Re-listing! A group that originally debuted in Idol Co. Ltd.

Steer not testa.

[STier – ‘Launch’ Official MV]

Due to the disorganized drug trial of a withdrawn member and the split personal fandom due to rumors of discord it was only around the time I got a job that I finally broke the hiatus and made a comeback once in a while.

Still there was no twist.

This group has already stopped growing and is stagnant.

[STier Cha Yu-jin Kim Rae-bin and Ryu Cheong-woo begin unit activities]

In the end more than half of the members ceased their activities.

So the remaining three were working as a unit but the atmosphere was not very good. The album sold pretty well and the songs were good but that’s it.

The never-ending controversies have already damaged the company’s image and undermined its public favorability.

There is no more topicality or growth than that.

It is just a huge cruise ship that is slowly sinking while holding the weight class raised by Azusa.

-The song is okay.

-You’re still doing well. Fighting.

The response ended with a few moderate comments.

Compared to the time of debut the bubble has already burst.

but.

I unconsciously narrowed the wide viewing range that I had been passing through aimlessly to focusing on these guys.

Instead… a little deeper.

It’s not that I was interested in each individual or had any special fan feelings. I just casually looked into the group.

Maybe it was because it seemed similar to my situation.

A problem of the overall situation.

Now no matter what we do we are in a situation where there is no clear solution or way to achieve a rebound.

A life that simply runs to maintain the status quo.

‘The environment itself is not good.’

Investment has been reduced and the planning and care of a hastily built new agency are poor.

Nevertheless the fact that he consistently came out and performed on stage with his teeth clenched was strangely eye-catching.

And suddenly I felt like it was a waste.

‘I?’

I soon forgot that my nose had grown three years old. Nevertheless it was the first time I had checked one idol group so intensively for quite a long time.

Of course it didn’t last.

After some time.

[Steer activity ends…”I want to convey my gratitude and love”]

Naturally Steer was disbanded at the end of the five-year contract.

There was no other news from the few people who worked particularly hard perhaps because they did not see a very good result from the beginning to the end.

That was the conclusion.

That there is nothing left.

“…”

After that my short hobby of watching idols ended.

‘There’s nothing to see.’

Anyway at that time seeing other idols didn’t give me a similar feeling.

It was funny. At the very least that feeling of relief disappeared thanks to the group that I wasn’t a fan of and didn’t go to film in person.

And that life ended as planned as I felt suspiciously tired and bothered by everything.

The short reprieve disappeared from memory just like that.

Because I entered Park Moon-dae’s body in a past state where I was confused about who was debuting.

‘But maybe a trace remained.’

I suddenly remembered this.

This is what I thought as soon as I woke up in Park Moon-dae’s body.

-At one point I even became unnecessarily overly immersed in this field.

‘…I guess so.’

Was it a remnant of that time that I inadvertently felt that way even though I had no specific memories?

I raised my head.

The reason this memory was not shown in the truth check is probably because the system arbitrarily omitted it.

Maybe it wasn’t a great intention. I probably thought it had nothing to do with my trauma.

It was cut because it was thought to be ‘not necessary for the continued survival of the host.’

Even Keoldal probably couldn’t have predicted something like this.

‘therefore.’

It seems that the system still doesn’t know that there are memories that affect the human mind even if they are not traumas.

‘Those things are usually called memories.’

I burst out laughing at the unfamiliar sentence.

The pain in my head soon subsided. It was proof that the memory had fully settled in.

My head is clear.

Originally I had hopes that the system would be free from its grip if I completely eliminated all the crap it had put on my mind but it wasn’t to that extent.

‘I didn’t come to my senses right away and avoided becoming a server.’

That’s enough. Preparations for plan B are complete.

‘Big moon.’

gave a signal

The chat started as if we had been waiting.

[Apple has been invited to ‘Error”s gold chat room.]

[Error\: Are you okay Mundae?]

An error that is not affected by the system Sun Ah-hyun reacts immediately.

I entered the chat.

[Apple\: Yes. I’m going to do it now.]

I remember the meeting we had in that chat room to prepare for any possible leaks.

-Apple\: As everyone knows unnecessary reactions are prohibited.

And this idea started from an opinion expressed by Sun Ah-hyun.

-Error\: Are you saying that because I made an error it will spread like a virus to people who enter this chat room?

-Error\: Then wouldn’t we be able to use this to return everyone else to their original state?

-RAB\: That’s a truly altruistic and wonderful idea but I’m worried that it will be difficult to contact everyone due to time and space constraints.

-Sejini\: First of all I think it will be difficult since invitations cost gold.

It was a moment when it seemed like Sun Ah-hyun’s opinion would be nullified.

-Tiger\: Can’t it be contagious to the whole world not just one person? Like a virus!

This seemingly random expression hits the nail on the head.

‘Originally I was planning on getting out of the system for a while and handing this over to the GM directly to put it into the game.’

I don’t think there’s any need to go there. Isn’t there a guy over there who happens to be the whole world of this place?

system.

[Character\: Ryu Geon-woo (Park Moon-dae) leaves!]

Like Sun Ah-hyun in the timeline stopped by the GM I was able to move my body through the effect of being connected to the chat room.

“…!”

And then he fixed his gaze on the exterior of the two faces the two faces.

‘Towards the colorless side.’

The last thing is action.

Invite him to a chat window full of errors.

‘Can I specify it?’

Soon the big moon in the chat room crackles and responds.

[Keundall\: Yes!]

good.

Soon text will appear in the chat window.

[■■■ has been invited to ‘Error”s gold chat room.]

‘okay!’

I clenched my fists. If things continue like this…

‘ah.’

At that moment the system turned its eyes towards me.

A new post appeared in the chat room.

[■■■\: You prepared something like this]

“…!”

Crackling.

There is a crack in the chat room.

The window trembled as if it was withstanding great pressure…

puck!

It was completely destroyed.

Translucent holographic powder scatters and disappears with a glitch.

The system’s voice rings.

[You used your reputation again for this.]

[Thank you just before becoming a server.]

In this situation that statement… no way.

I opened my mouth trembling.

“Fame experience… is it the energy you collect?”

The system smiles kindly and nods.

[that’s right.]

[By spending your reputation points you pay me energy and become stronger in the game.]

The voice of the system grows louder.

[And this world becomes stronger. So that attacks from outside do not work.]

The chat room disappeared.

In a world where errors have been resolved the system smiles and stares at me instead of Cheongryeo.

[You were a character not a player. There is no autonomy to leave the game.]

“…”

The identity of the player displayed as ‘■■■’ in Cheongryeo’s GM status window.

[The player is me.]

[I am the creator and player and you are the composition of my game.]

[There is no game where a character can directly harm the player.]

The system finished explaining and nodded.

[And now that the system has been proven to be stable there is no need for auxiliary tools.]

[Let’s stick to the plan.]

At that time for the first time a hint of humanity appeared in his eyes.

What the system that assimilated with Cheongnyeo and learned its most core desires at the time had…

Obsession with development and completion.

[ruler.]

He casually takes my status window.

And rips something off. Even though it is a soft touch it is so powerful that it looks menacing.

No to be exact… it was ripped off from itself.

The entire pop-up from Big Moon.

[for a moment…]

And swallowed it with his grasp.

“…!”

The big moon’s pop-up crumples and disappears near the guy’s fingers.

[Recovered.]

The system laughs softly.

And I…

I laughed along.

“hey.”

I let out the breath I had been holding.

The reason why he pushed and pushed and stimulated this guy’s sense of superiority and victory and brought the situation to this point.

“That guy is also an error.”

This is to prevent you from paying close attention.

Don’t let Geoldal know that he was infected with the error by accessing the chat window.

Let’s think about it.

‘This bastard was originally a parasite on one person.’

And Geoldal guaranteed that anyone who had already used it once would not be able to use it again.

But this time there was no suitable person around to stick around so there was no choice but to recycle it.

So we captured three people at the same time and turned them into brains in a vat creating something like a completely new virtual world.

Server administrator character.

So it appears to have been operated stably but thanks to that the days when he could solve everything on his own are over.

Because it is structured it can collapse if one cornerstone is missing. Like now.

“You have now made an error yourself.”

[…!]

The appearance of the system is shaken.

The abnormal phenomenon that started as a small glitch gradually grew in size engulfing the human form and spreading to the surrounding area.

The world is collapsing from within.

thud!

“hmm.”

The real Cheongnyeo who was standing still turns her head and pops up a status window.

“That’s interesting.”

[Player\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

Meanwhile the appearance of the system changes.

[…brother.]

It’s a look you know.

It was the guy who came back to Park Moon-dae’s body at some point and talked to him in his mind.

Noise popped out of the mysterious hologram of Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae.

Chichik.

The big moon in its full form raised both hands and shouted.

[I… I really think I can move this??]

Done.
