---
title: "Chapter 414"
category: "book"
index: 413
section: "Chapter 414"
slug: "414"
---

# Chapter 414

The big moon swallowed up by the system suppressed the ego of the system and took the lead.

[Wow!]

I wiped the cold sweat from my chin and grinned.

“good job.”

[yes! This is it!?]

‘I thought it would be a success just to paralyze the system due to an error.’

In fact the moment you fail it’s over so this is no different from gambling. However he expressed his opinion that he would do it himself.

-[Hyung… Plan B.]

-[If the time comes that I have to write about that… how about I try to move the error myself?]

And I also admitted it to some extent.

Anyway if this guy returns to reality with the system still in place all that’s left is the absorption ending.

‘They say it becomes a status window as is.’

The reason I had the crazy idea of turning off the system on the plane in the first place was because I predicted that this guy would lose his body and become a status window. I won’t deny it.

Going back to reality something else was needed for that guy to live as Ryu Geon-woo.

For example completely disconnected from the system.

‘Or else.’

-Make the system self-destruct.

Let’s get rid of it this time.

I swallowed and asked quietly.

“How do you feel?”

[Uh oh…]

The guy who was looking at his own body in a daze and making the surrounding background distort and squirm raised his head as if checking.

And those holographic eyes suddenly glowed darkly.

[I think I can do anything.]

“…!”

As its body darkens the ambiguous world suddenly begins to become clear.

[In here… there is nothing unknown nothing impossible and if you can organize it properly all your wishes will flow naturally…]

I mutter. The background swirls around like it’s being sucked in.

A star rises.

[…Hey brother I can do whatever you want.]

This won’t work.

“If you stay here you know that Testa will be disbanded right? Even if I were to repeat everything from ‘Magical Boy’ to ‘Savior’ I wouldn’t be as moved as I was when I first saw it.”

[…! Of course I know! No what did I just do…]

The hologram sparks and the expression returns to Big Moon’s face.

‘I never thought I would spit out a sound that was so moving that I had never seen it before.’

It’s funny that they tried to come to their senses with something like this but it worked because it worked.

Seeing Testa’s comeback seemed to be the only joy I had in my career as a civil servant as I was in a state where I would fall apart if I didn’t succeed.

‘…I just remembered that I did something similar.’

I almost thought back to my time as an office worker watching Steer so the situation was more urgent than that.

[Oh this is weird! I feel like I just can’t control myself. Wow such power…]

Anyway I had to finish it quickly because it might get stained. The system may recover from an error and come back.

“Okay let’s do it quickly. “Do you remember what I said?”

[yes!]

The final plan is simple.

‘Suicide sequence.’

Break the system like this.

Of course if you leave it that way the big moon may be affected so we will take some steps.

[I sent it to you bro!]

Tiring.

A status window pops up in front of me.

[Player\: Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

[Do you want to delete the game?]

[check]

There is a self-destruct button that you can press OK without intentionally making any other options.

‘after.’

To be honest it’s cool.

And there is another status window that opens at the same time. I turned my attention to what was floating in front of me.

[GM\: Shin Jae-hyun]

[Do you want to terminate the connection with the server?]

[check]

“It starts with you.”

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo glances at the holographic large moon and speaks.

“Do you need to prepare your mind?”

“no.”

You’ve already done enough so just click on it.

As soon as he hears my answer he puts his hand on the confirmation button without hesitation.

Tuk.

Then lights flicker and cracks appear in the world.

It rattled.

‘It looks like it’s going to collapse.’

A moment when a crack appears in the background without a crackling sound and the vision shakes dangerously as if it will collapse at any moment.

[Do you want to specify a new Server?]

“You don’t touch that.”

“I have too many doubts.”

Anyway the guy calmly put his hands down.

‘Now all that’s left is… ’

one.

I raised my hand to my status window which was floating on a mirror-like background just before it was shattered.

It was then.

[Stop.]

“…?”

A pop-up appeared.

‘Big moon?’

But that guy over there…

[brother??]

Oh I see.

This is a system.

It seems that the two egos’ situations have changed as Big Moon takes control of the system.

In the form of the system ego being parasitic on the status window.

‘uh. Goodbye.’

I try to ignore it and press the button but it keeps popping up over the button.

[The system saved you from death. You know it. You originally gave up the rest of your life on your own.]

[Everything you have now came from the opportunities given by the system. Think of the opportunities and accomplishments you have achieved so far thanks to your not dying.]

Look at this bastard.

In the face of an elimination crisis he appealed for sympathy in a very plausible way as if he had opened his mouth and it was crazy.

“hey.”

I said with a grin.

“The person who gave me the opportunity was originally Park Mun-dae and you just took full advantage of it so where can you tell me?”

A guy who has sucked energy for years and is in a state where he will fail if he doesn’t do well is talking about it as if he is doing some charity work.

If you have a status abnormality it kills you with a single twist.

[Tongue brother?]

I’m not talking to you so just stay still.

I sent a gesture to Big Moon. The pop-up is updated.

[Irrational idea. It’s foolish.]

Are you introducing yourself?

‘Has this guy changed his strategy?’

I wonder if they are trying to waste time by making me get angry and talk back. If that’s the case.

I opened my mouth as if to reply to the pop-up.

And shouted.

“Big moon. now!”

[yes!]

At that moment the hologram of the big moon was overflowing with more glitches and soon the shape crumbled and disappeared.

[Wow!]

I give up control of the system created by the error exit and return to my status window.

[What■ ■■ now?]

When the ego of the system that was thrown out thanks to that returns to the system.

“Goodbye.”

I punched the popup and hit the button.

puck!

Delete game.

The pop-up is shaking.

[I am determined to live ■■ ■…]

But that’s it.

pop!

A humanoid in a system full of glitches explodes.

And the cracked world burst open.

A transcendental sight of tens of thousands of pieces breaking and flying into the air.

Even the enormous aftereffects that hit one step late.

“Whoa.”

The system that made up this world has been shattered. An enormous torrent of energy overflowed in all directions as if it would destroy everything.

The pieces shattered. All that remains is empty space.

I looked back at Cheongryeo. Its status window crackled and popped.

Same goes for mine.

“success.”

When I said that all feeling disappeared.

hook.

White.

[——-]

silence.

and.

“…basin?”

The sound is heard slowly and dully as if hearing paralyzed by an intense shock is returning.

“Mundae!”

“…!”

I opened my eyes.

And the first thing I saw was…

“I broke the gate!”

“brother!”

“You went through a lot of hard work Mundae…!”

These are the guys surrounding me.

The members who were talking and concretizing plan B were looking at my face as if they were watching something.

Me indeed.

“uh. “I came to my senses.”

“Yeah!!”

“You really thought there was going to be a big problem because the chat window exploded in the middle of it!”

“Still I’m so glad. really…”

If I continue like this my ears will pop or my shoulders will drop or one of the two will happen. I laughed and stood up shaking my head.

“Thank you for your concern.”

If it were reality it would have been an awards ceremony if the airplane was still a system world… but it was neither.

“This is…”

…Ryu Geon-woo’s officetel.

To be exact it is the officetel where Geondal who won the lottery with the body of Ryu Geon-woo lives.

And outside the living room window… where the fantastic ‘Magical Boy’ sunset is setting.

This is the place I visited last time.

[This is an imaginary world I created!]

This was the world of images that Ryu Geon-woo’s body went through when he returned to Parkmundae.

The appearance of the large moon sticking out with a smile is also the same.

Although there are still some glitches.

‘then.’

Me too… I guess he looks vaguely like both Park Moon-dae and Ryu Geon-woo.

Sure enough Big Sejin makes a fuss as usual.

“You two really look like brothers~”

I guess it’s to keep me calm in a crazy situation but I like listening to it anyway.

[Hehe thank you!]

I don’t know why.

Anyway the guy who was laughing lightly changed his expression as if he realized that this was not the time.

[The purpose of bringing you all here is to minimize the shock. I guess I brought in some system power… Anyway it worked!]

“impact?”

[yes. Well you can choose when you leave.]

The big moon stepped aside slightly.

Then the entrance to the officetel came into view.

-See you later!

The nameplate flashes. It seems that if you go out there you will return to reality.

[Will you remember what happened here or will you just forget it or vaguely remember it like a dream?]

“…!”

That’s… great service though.

‘Is there anyone you would forget?’

I thought about it for a moment but once again realized that this was an overwhelmingly strange situation perhaps because I had been living with a condition for several years.

If you say something wrong isn’t it to the point where you could be misunderstood as if you were taking medicine?

‘It would be easier to forget.’

I will correct it. If it were me I would suggest that we just forget about it all together…

“Of course I want to remember.”

“…”

“you’re right. “I think this unique fantasy experience will definitely be a new inspiration.”

“Now it’s okay if I don’t watch the Limestone movie. “I did it myself.”

Are you just spitting it out without even thinking about it?

I was a little embarrassed but no one hesitated.

“…There’s something I really want to remember about what I did here!”

“Oh that’s fascinating. me too.”

Until the last Sun Ah-hyun.

“I feel like I was able to learn a lot of new things and grow… me too…!”

[All right! Then just think like that and open the door and go out!]

Then cheers pour in.

“Ah finally!”

“Park Moon-dae… When you get back turn around and come back to your dorm right away!”

It’s not my plane and honestly I don’t know what it was like outside… but I get it anyway.

Ryu Cheong-woo smiles and taps the members’ shoulders.

“It was hard. “Our group.”

“Hee hee!”

“Don’t leave Mundaemundae and come here~”

We came together and hugged for a moment as if we had just won the grand prize or finished the last stage of the tour.

These kids are suffocating.

‘Not even a penguin.’

It might have been funny but I wonder what’s going on.

“Okay then let’s go!”

“Yes yes!”

It was a moment when everything seemed ready. But Raebin Kim raised his hand.

“Wait a moment shouldn’t you recommend it to your seniors first?”

“omg.”

I look back as if I almost forgot.

‘Now that I think about it where are the VTIC guys?’

It was strange because I couldn’t see it.

So when I turn my head I see them somewhere other than the living room.

Those VTIC guys… were sitting at the kitchen table looking at me with such happy faces that it made people shiver.

‘what.’

“I heard that Testa people always get along so well that it’s really nice to see them right?”

“That’s right. “It’s difficult for multiple people to do that.”

The guys who appeared in real life even their way of speaking had changed slightly as if their real selves had become much stronger than when they debuted as Wishz without any memory.

Still the guy I’ve been seeing for a year hasn’t disappeared.

Chae-yul walks out of the kitchen and smiles shyly.

“Well if I go back now it might be hard to call him Geon-wu hyung… but is it okay if I let go of the horse? “Not Mr. Mundae but Mundae-ro!”

“yes.”

“good! You can also speak comfortably. “Okay?”

That will be difficult because of the age gap.

Still the guy seemed to understand the silence as a positive thing smiled brightly and naturally headed to the front door after receiving Testa’s goodbye.

And at the end he spoke very forcefully.

“Everyone come and have fun! We were a small group of people so we got bored sometimes. “I don’t think I’ll ever forget Wishes.”

“It feels like we’ve done something a bit like a project group.”

“Wow that’s it. “Just right!”

Then the two guys asked Geoldal if it was okay to come in here waved their hands and naturally disappeared through the front door one by one.

“…”

When I go back we won’t be in the same group so naturally we won’t see each other often… Well since I know they are useful people it would be okay to keep in touch.

I leaned against the wall waiting for the rest of the VTIC guys to go in as well…

“…?”

But why doesn’t that guy go in?

I saw Judan standing in front of the front door.

The guy turned his head and saw Testa and Geundal running to stop Cha Yu-jin from trying to open the living room window.

“Eujin let me ask you something first…”

“You idiot!”

Perhaps because he had already said hello to VTIC his concentration was completely dispersed.

Judan saw this and muttered in a serious tone.

“This timing just comes. “I have something to tell you both.”

“hmm?”

The guy said without expression.

“It’s true that you both went back to the past. “I think the order is Jaehyun hyung then junior.”

“…!!”

What is that guy?

“Why do you think so?”

However Judan just shrugged his shoulders as if he was being embarrassed.

“Since you speak so openly from chat windows to everyday conversations anyone with background knowledge can guess.”

“…”

“…”

No only you knew it yourself.

“Looking at Mr. Moon Dae’s reflex reaction it is correct. Then in terms of structure… Hmm I can’t believe it avoided being on the same axis as the Antagonist by just a hair’s breadth… Oh my God.”

The guy who was talking to himself sighed lightly and tried to say something more.

“that…”

However he soon made eye contact with Cheongryeo who was staring at him without expression.

And immediately wake up.

“I’ll just shut up and enlist.”

“okay.”

“Okay then.”

Judan crosses the front door without hesitation as if running away. I asked Cheongnyeo who was looking at it while leaning against the wall with her arms crossed.

I nodded.

“Then you too… go see the dog.”

“That’s right.”

The guy seemed to answer casually but then he touched his chin and added a little word.

“…It’s been 10 months.”

And then a faintly smiling face seemed to pass by and he immediately left the front door.

“See you again soon.”

I leave these words.

“…”

“Has everyone gone?”

“yes.”

When I turn my head I see Ryu Cheong-woo and the men who took Cha Yu-jin away.

Liu Chengwu smiles and stands next to him.

“You decided to let go.”

“ah.”

It was like that.

“okay.”

I corrected myself immediately.

Liu Chengyu looked surprised for a moment but then smiled.

“Yes Mundae. Now let’s go too.”

The front door opens again.

“Don’t forget to contact us and return to your accommodation as soon as everyone returns no matter what the situation is!”

“I’ll keep that in mind!”

And move your feet.

I couldn’t see anything outside the door only the light pouring in and piercing my eyes.

But no one hesitated and kicked out the door.

And after a while.

Hwii-ing-

“…!”

I opened my eyes to the deafening sound of the engine.

Cheongryeo’s private plane.

‘ah.’

I looked away. leather seats. Ivory walls. Polished kit.

Everything remains the same as before you left.

And even Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung who was asleep while sitting in his seat.

I’m breathing.

I immediately opened my smartphone. And I checked the date.

“…”

[Saturday July 9]

It was the same.

Nothing has changed.

“after.”

I sighed and leaned back in my seat.

Then the guy who had already opened his eyes and was sitting in his seat handed him a glass.

Non-alcoholic champagne.

“Arrived safely.”

“…okay.”

I snatched the glass that Cheongryeo held out to me.

So I returned to reality.
