---
title: "Chapter 415"
category: "book"
index: 414
section: "Chapter 415"
slug: "415"
---

# Chapter 415

Kwon Hee-seung had a rather creepy dream.

It was a strange configuration in which some kind of alien created itself in virtual reality and made it work like an AI housekeeper.

In addition there is a bizarre development in which all kinds of idol seniors appear!

In the end I woke up screaming in a place where the world collapsed in a spectacular way.

“Wow!!”

However I had no idea it would be this loud.

Kwon Hee-seung opened his eyes in a cold sweat so that the airplane seat was soaked.

“Huh huh huh…”

“Are you okay?”

A hand holding an ionic drink appeared in front of me. Without even having time to think Kwon Hee-seung grabbed it and brought it to his mouth.

Gulp. Gulp.

As the cool smooth sweet drink went down my throat a thrill surged all the way to my head.

I felt like I was fully hydrated for the first time in hundreds of days.

‘and.’

He shook his head and finally came to his senses after emptying the entire liter of drink.

The person who handed me the ionic drink was Park Moon-dae of Testa who was sitting across from me. Kwon Hee-seung stuck his tongue out.

“Wow really… Oh maybe it’s because I had a strange dream but it feels like it’s been a while since I’ve had a drink?”

“…okay?”

“yes! “I guess I was pressed by the scissors. I guess we have something to do from now on…”

for a moment. Now that I think about it why am I on this plane?

And the moment he made eye contact with the VTIC leader the owner of the chartered plane he remembered everything that happened right before he fell asleep as if seeing a flash.

Status window crashes.

Brother Moon Dae was vomiting blood.

and…

“…over there.”

Kwon Hee-seung asked while sweating profusely.

“By any chance… wasn’t it a dream?”

“…”

Park Moon-dae made a strange expression to avoid his gaze which was rare but soon answered with a blank expression.

“I think it’s better to think of it as a dream.”

“That means it’s reality…!?”

Kwon Hee-seung held his face and screamed but Park Mun-dae just kept his mouth shut.

This was because I roughly understood the situation.

‘I chose not to remember the specifics.’

This is the choice Keundal gave me.

-Will you remember what happened here or will you just forget it or vaguely remember it like a dream?

Kwon Hee-seung must have chosen to treat it as a dream there. Park Mun-dae frowned inwardly guessing clearly.

‘…It must have been quite difficult.’

If so compensation would be needed. Gold 2… So it was he who called Kwon Hee-seung on the plane.

So just as he was about to open his mouth Kwon Hee-seung who had finished thinking was shocked and screamed first.

“…! Wait if that’s all real… Are we in a situation where Korea just collapsed and we escaped by plane?!”

“…There is nothing like that this is LA Airport which was our destination.”

“phew.”

I guess it was something similar to a dream!

Heeseung Kwon let out a long sigh of relief. And Park Moon-dae held back a sigh and continued speaking in a different way.

“Anyway since you went through a hard time getting caught up in this… get some compensation.”

“yes?”

“…!”

“One wish.”

Park Mun-dae continued speaking without any agitation.

“I will grant whatever you request to the best of my ability.”

Oooh.

Hee-seung Kwon reflexively thought back on Park Moon-dae’s performance up to now.

〈Azusa〉 From the chicken feet to the label maker behind the company.

And concluded.

“I will use it well.”

“okay.”

Wow.

The words ‘Genie listens three times can you change it to three times?’ came up in my throat but I held it back.

He was a person who knew how to get on and off.

Kwon Hee-seung who had achieved the one-size-fits-all wish finally relaxed by looking outside and checking out LA Airport.

‘and’

The day was clear. The sunset sky was a foreign country but it was familiar and so beautiful that it brought tears to my eyes.

“…”

“You had a hard time.”

“Hey I was just dreaming.”

Park Mun-dae did not reply but he smiled slightly bitterly and looked at the sky that was as sunset as him.

It was quiet.

Kwon Hee-seung was soaking in the quiet rest and inadvertently asked.

“Those brothers. So what about the system…?”

“I got rid of it.”

“okay.”

It was somehow cool. Even though it was a dream it looks like you had a hard time.

‘Ah it tastes sweet.’

He sat down again popping a chocolate cheese and salt biscuit from the cart into his mouth.

“Huh? “When did you eat this?”

“When you sleep.”

“Wow is this expensive?”

“I don’t know.”

Kwon Hee-seung opened some new champagne and drank it while enjoying his leisure time.

The charter plane owner who was reading a book did not bother to comment or even look at her.

‘Then you can eat anything.’

Just when I was feeling optimistic the sound began to return to the charter plane.

The sound of doors opening and people moving.

“I’m ready.”

Cheongryeo opened her mouth for the first time. When Kwon Hee-seung turned his head he actually saw the workers returning to their seats.

‘uh?’

Kwon Hee-seung cautiously opened his mouth.

“Brothers can we get off now?”

“no.”

“…?”

“We also refueled at the airport.”

Park Moon-dae laughed.

“I have to go back now.”

“…!!”

No you’re going to come all the way to LA and just go back like this? I guess I can go back after playing for a bit!

At that moment Kwon Hee-seung thought of a thousand things to say in response but he unconsciously kept his mouth shut.

For some reason… I realized that I couldn’t bear it anymore and wanted to go back.

Home to everyday life.

“We’re leaving.”

The three idols fastened their seat belts. The plane began to return to its departure point.

* * *

It was already dawn when I arrived at Incheon International Airport.

It took quite some time to go back to Seoul but I wasn’t too nervous. Before that my smartphone was constantly ringing.

-Kim Rae-bin\: As soon as I arrived I suddenly told my grandmother that I was going back to the dorm so my grandmother was very worried and it took quite a while for us to talk. sorry!

-Seon Ah-hyeon\: No be careful Ravin. I also told my parents and left and am now back at the dorm.

-Cha Yu-jin\: I have accommodations from the beginning. I am first place (sunglasses emoticon)

It seems like all sorts of episodes occur when the people who dispersed on vacation come back.

‘At this rate I think it would have been okay to just stay home for a few nights.’

Actually I saw that story brought up once…

-For those who have already gone home wouldn’t it be okay to take a rest?

-Seon Ah-hyeon\: Oh hey I’ll definitely go!!

An immediate answer came at breakneck speed.

And after a moment of silence in the group chat room.

-Seon Ah-hyeon\: I didn’t mean that the members should stay at home longer. I meant that I would go back to the dorm right away because my house is close and I go often. There is absolutely no pressure!

The message is still long.

-Ryu Cheong-woo\: I know Ah-hyeon come in peace (brightly smiling emoticon)

-Kim Rae-bin\: I completely understand! But I’m fine with it too. Isn’t there a chance to visit again within 15 days?

Anyway news of the members arriving at their dorms kept coming through KakaoTalk.

-Keun Se-jin\: Dear members do you know that? Haha I even went grocery shopping by myself… On days like this I have to make a toast (Emoji of a bear holding a wine glass)

-Ryu Cheong-woo\: Haha that’s cool. Oh the other Sejin has arrived now too.

-Bae Se-jin\: (Hamster emoticon waving his hand)

And in the end when everyone arrived this information came.

-Cha Yu-jin\: I want to eat chicken. Why isn’t Dae-hyung Moon there? (glaring eyes emoticon)

-Keun Se-jin\: Only Park Moon-dae remains~~~

-Bae Se-jin\: It’s right they’re coming right away it’s late.

-My departure point was the Pacific Ocean so isn’t it natural for me to be late?

I went from the Pacific Ocean to LA and these guys really don’t care about the situation.

I got into the taxi and looked at the time. 30 minutes left.

When I flip through the smartphone screen I see regular Kakao Talk not the group messaging area.

This is the message history that Gold 2 checked immediately while he was sleeping.

– Keundal\: Bro I arrived safely! Are you okay bro?

It is said that Keudal came back to his senses safely in Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

I am healthy and have no pain anywhere and there is no discomfort.

‘Is it a success?’

However something a little unusual remains.

[Messages are still sent through the status window…? omg?]

It doesn’t really feel like it’s being swallowed up by the system but this add-on seems to still work. The status window is still visible to me.

‘Is it because of the permanent status window compensation?’

I assumed it was because of the reward I received after clearing the status abnormality. That system seems strangely tied to contracts and promises.

‘Is will also mental energy?’

Anyway it’s probably a good thing since he’s already gone.

I casually put down my smartphone.

And after a while.

“Arrived.” The front door of the apartment!”

“thank you.”

I quickly paid the taxi fare and got off.

Past the almost unfamiliar flower beds past the constructed playground past the first floor entrance past the elevator.

I saw a familiar front door.

Belt tididi.

Press the button and open the door.

Sweet.

“omg!”

“Wow Park Moon-dae is here now!”

“Isn’t there a chicken restaurant that opens at 4 in the morning?”

The cool air from the air conditioner blows in.

Beyond the familiar design of the entrance you can hear familiar people talking and running footsteps.

‘What are you doing if you’re not sleeping?’

I smiled and went inside the front door. Knowing that it was early in the morning quiet compliments and hands poured out.

A member who had not changed. It was a dorm that had not changed.

However surprisingly it wasn’t just people who were in the dorm.

“Mundae look at this!”

“king!”

There is something that looks like a white fur ball in the dorm. There was a clump of hair that I knew.

Bae Se-jin did not return to the dorm alone.

“I brought Munge too. I thought it would be a good idea to go with us when we go on a trip. “It’s been a while… I’m glad to see you too.”

“…”

Beyond Cha Yu-jin who was desperately looking for a 24-hour chicken restaurant to order Bae Se-jin held out a small dog in her hand to me.

I caught the guy who was hitting his tail.

It was soft and warm.

“Then let’s get a good night’s sleep first… wake up tomorrow get ready right away and let’s go play.”

“A big yes.”

“Let’s eat chicken first.”

“I’m really curious about how our Eugene doesn’t gain weight.”

While petting the dog I quietly opened my mouth.

“There is something I want to do before that.”

“…!”

“What is it?”

“It doesn’t take long. “I’ll come while you sleep.”

I called the place that was open from this time.

“Mr. Moon what’s going on in a hurry? Nice to meet you!”

“me too. i look forward to.”

I sat down on the chair. The hair stylist smiled and grabbed my hair.

That’s right.

I came to the shop first thing in the morning.

“Aren’t the members doing it?”

“yes.”

And I’m not the only one who came.

While I was getting my hair done these guys came along and sat in the waiting area making a fuss about choosing a travel destination.

“Here. “Here we go!”

“Don’t make a hasty decision just by looking at the production photos Cha Yu-jin!”

‘Because I’m growing up.’

He doesn’t listen.

Since it is a shop where dogs are allowed we all dragged them out without anyone guarding the place.

“Testa and I are always good friends~ Do you guys take selfies like this?”

“It’s not like that.”

I answered the director’s words and looked in the mirror.

Beyond the mirror I saw Keun Se-jin lightly holding Munge’s front paw and shaking it.

‘I am indeed.’

“Then I’ll use this color~?”

“yes.”

Hair is covered in chemicals.

And a few hours later.

“It’s the same as the picture before right? “It came out well.”

“yes. thank you.”

I sat on the chair in the shop and took the photo myself feeling a little awkward.

It’s not that I can’t take self-composition photos now that I’ve had some free time but it’s been a while since I’ve taken a photo with this face so it took a lot of trial and error.

“…”

And after a long time I accessed Testa’s official SNS… and pressed the upload button.

————————

Hello lover

I am Mundae (dog emoticon)

I got my hair color back. Actually I kind of missed it.

(picture)

————————

In the attached photo I have golden brown hair.

Like the first dye I did during Azusa.

And as if waiting for it a notification sounds.

-Heo Eok Azusa Geummundang

-I love you. First of all I love you.

-Is Park Moon University’s attendance rate for engineering majors true? This is really the son of the times.

-Is this a spoiler for the next album?? Is it a door? Is it a door?

-♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡

-Mundaengdaeng win forever Tibetan fox give up now (fist emoticon)

Familiar reactions and profile pictures fill the screen. ‘It doesn’t feel like that time.’ ‘What are you planning?’ Even the same verbal abuse as usual.

It was Testa Park Moon-dae.

“……”

“uh? Did you post a post about Mundaemun University? “In the dark world our members are left alone in the waiting area…”

“Show me your face.”

“oh?”

I took a group photo of the guys sitting in the shop’s waiting room furiously tapping away at their laptops and smartphones.

————————

I came to see the yellow gate (eye-rolling emoticon)

————————

Since that morning fans have received notifications from Testa’s official SNS account several times.

* * *

And a few hours ago at dawn.

There was silence in a spacious and clean apartment in Seoul.

The large puppy lying on a soft beige blanket in front of the large entrance was half asleep.

Because it’s been a long time since I waited.

But I didn’t forget the happy sound.

Tirik!

The sound of a door opening.

Footsteps.

A sign of seeing a loving family member.

“…!”

In an instant the puppy raised its head wapped its tail and looked at the huge gray door.

Soon the door opens… and as always a large family walks in with two feet.

“Kong.”

“Wow!”

The puppy jumped up and enthusiastically welcomed his family.

I have learned to wait politely whenever my family is away for a few days but I still cannot bear the moment the waiting ends.

Kongi welcomed his family warmly and enthusiastically by stamping his hind feet and sticking out his front paws and snout.

“ah…”

So Kongi’s family member Shin Jae-hyun hugged and lifted the yellow dog that was hugging him.

And without moving I quietly listen to the unfamiliar sound.

Every time I move on to the next beginning I always throw away and cut off what has disappeared before I know it.

Affection for what is left.

“Kong I’m back.”

These were the first words of return spoken since becoming Cheongryeo.

He held the dog at the front door and quietly enjoyed the unfamiliar lingering feeling.

Not for a while but for quite a long time.

And after some time.

“Keueuung.”

“Only one.”

After giving her dog an early morning snack before exercise that she had never given before Cheongryeo’s smartphone rang in her back pocket.

‘hmm?’

No one in their right mind would contact me this early in the morning for non-emergency purposes.

So let’s check our smartphones right away…

I see something unexpected.

-Park Moon-dae\: (photo)

What he sent without saying a word was a picture of a white dog. As if imitating someone.

“haha!”

Cheongryeo tolerated the dog coming up on her lap and laughed for quite a while.

Savoring my first return.
