---
title: "Chapter 416"
category: "book"
index: 415
section: "Chapter 416"
slug: "416"
---

# Chapter 416

The glamping site next to a hot spring in Gapyeong was gradually becoming quiet as the weekend came to an end.

Before lunch time people who had stayed for 3 days and 2 nights since Friday had left and there were not many new people. This is because it is hot in early summer and it is an ambiguous time not a full-fledged vacation season. Besides it’s already evening.

“I hope you have a good time~”

The part-timer who was working at the counter on the outskirts was leisurely dealing with the rare customers.

Until the next customer comes in.

‘uh?’

Tiring.

Open the door and suddenly someone comes rushing in.

Seven tall men wearing hoods and colorful masks as if it wasn’t too hot were dressed awkwardly at a summer camping site.

This is even more so when an avant-garde character wearing a baseball cap or sunglasses appears.

‘…For SNS aggro?’

Hwatongjeomjeong is a small white dog held by the person in the back with a good physique.

‘Physical education student MT?’

That being said the majority was rather thin. Besides isn’t this a place where there are far more families than college students?

‘Hmm?’

Just as I was about to get curious a well-built man wearing a gray hoodie and a mask came up to the counter and asked a question.

“Hello~ We made a reservation.”

“Please tell me your name!”

The employee thought while quickly checking the program. He had a good voice was tall and at first glance his eyes seemed handsome.

‘…Is it the entertainment department?’

But I didn’t do the useless thing of asking such a question. The part-time worker completed the check-in process appropriately and quickly as befits the creed of working for as much as he gets paid.

“Are you getting a Royal Caravan or a Sunset Ondol?”

“Yes yes!

At that time a black hood wearing sunglasses speaks to his group from behind.

“Check if dogs are allowed.”

“Oh right.”

“Yes it is a pet-friendly option.”

The part-timer who quickly and sensibly answered the question before it was asked felt a strange sense of discomfort at the same time.

Despite the funny outfit he has a surprisingly good voice…?

Does this sound like a voice you’ve heard before?

“here…”

“Oh thank you~ We can go over there right?”

“yes! “You can see it right away by looking at the parking lot to the left.”

“I understand~ Thank you for your kind explanation.”

I feel like I’ve heard this cheerful way of speaking before…

However the two have already turned around and are heading back to the group.

‘Hmm.’

As the part-time worker regains his appetite he hears a small voice coming from the group.

“Mm… can you please accept the puppy?”

“yes…!”

A white man wearing a baseball cap picked up a white puppy and placed it carefully on his shoulder…

“…!”

The part-timer woke up like a thunderbolt.

That’s the dog I saw on a variety show! The composition is the same.

And that entertainment!

‘That’s my grandson!’

And the cast from there…

‘oh my god.’

The employee covered his mouth.

It’s a testa!

Considering the physique and members of the 7 people they match so precisely that I wonder why I didn’t know about them.

‘No it’s not a fashion item… ’

No matter what you might be thinking of hiding your face while not being noticed but this is a funny outfit that stands out as if it was aimed at that mentality…

‘Wait a minute that’s Cha Yu-jin!’

When I asked if there was another strange person wearing sunglasses it was just Cha Yu-jin with the neck bending form.

I also saw a video of just that on WeTube Shorts.

‘Huh… ’

As expected from a group with high individual recognition the scan was completed in an instant.

Standing guarding the carrier is Bae Se-jin. Raebin Kim is perusing the pamphlet. And the man with the familiar voice wearing sunglasses holding Park Moon-dae’s puppy was Sun Ah-hyun the man who handed it to Ryu Cheong-woo…

Lee Se-jin was talking to himself!

The part-timer clenched his fists.

‘I thought he was somehow handsome!’

It was just a handsome atmosphere!!

And finally a productive thought occurred to me.

‘Sain’

However the mindset of a member of society that calling here is out of the question took hold of the part-time job. Plus there were more opportunities.

‘I’m not going to check out.’

I never miss that time…

‘Oh really!’

I wanted to tell someone! Even to my sister!

‘Wow you’ll be really surprised when you hear it… ’

So when the employee turned on his Kakao Talk with excited hands.

“excuse me.”

“…?!”

When I raise my head I see eyes smiling shyly above the mask.

‘Liu Chengwu! Liu Chengwu!’

The part-timer’s brain is screaming but Liu Chengyu speaks softly.

“We really came here to rest. “Is it possible to keep it a secret for just a few days while I’m here?”

“yes? Of course… Yes yes.”

It’s possible. carrot!

“thank you. Oh at least this.”

Ugh.

Accepting the expensive bath salt set offered as a gift as a bribe with trembling hands the part-time worker watched Testa (presumed) walking away with a dumbfounded expression.

“Let’s go Munge!”

“Kiyang ang!”

“I told you not to encourage the child…”

…You came here to rest?

‘I guess they’re really close.’

The part-time worker put down his smartphone. I thought of my older sister who cut off her life without a moment of hesitation.

And he nodded to the closeness of the idol group who went on a family healing glamping trip in between activities without cameras.

‘Aren’t you tired of watching it all the time??’

Of course I had no idea how crazy the twists and turns they had been through over the past 10 months had been their first reunion in a long time.

* * *

I admitted it.

‘Actually it’s like it’s been 10 months since I went on vacation.’

If you add up the time I wasn’t able to rest before then it’s over a year.

Thanks to this travel destinations were subject to long never-ending searches and discussions by people who were sure to go to a good place.

And finally a conclusion was reached.

“Of course the place Ahyeon went to is the best.”

“yes?”

“…”

If this is going to be the case I want to ask why you were sitting in the waiting area of the shop not sleeping tapping on your laptop.

I found the answer in Bae Se-jin’s words.

“It looked the best from the beginning. But since it’s a place he’s only been to once it might be a bit boring for him.”

“Oh no…! Absolutely not. “It’s definitely a good place so I want to go there with the members…!”

“brother…”

The atmosphere quickly warmed up. I soon forgot that I had spent hours meaninglessly trying to come to this conclusion.

Liu Qingyu smiled bitterly.

“good. “Then can you introduce me to a lot of activities that Ahyeon liked?”

“yes…!”

“Okay~ Then our destination is Gapyeong Healing Glamping!”

And on the very same day they caught a rotent who was headbutting the regular price.

‘I’m not sure if you can call this a tent.’

“Oooh good!”

I looked around at our reserved spot on the outskirts of the campsite surrounded by dense trees.

The emotionally-wrapped tent only gives it the nominal image of a tent but the inside is made of ondol (floor heating) and pine wood with hot water pouring out.

Plus there’s even an outdoor bath.

Comfort that just makes you feel like camping. It is truly healing.

“…! “They say this is hot spring water.”

“Do you want to go in? Ugh do we want to go to Mungge?… Oh wait a minute.”

“Don’t bully the dog.”

Even if you are traveling with a dog this is obviously a pool for large dogs so if you want to put something as big as your fist in it you have to wear a life jacket.

Fortunately as they looked around inside the excited guys came to a magical conclusion.

“Well shall we have dinner first? “The day is coming to an end.”

“Sure~”

Of course being hungry comes first.

“that’s right! “We have been starving for a long time.”

It wasn’t something a guy who ate raw potatoes would make at a rest area but anyway from then on it was time for barbecue and campfire.

A fire was made with firewood in front of the caravan.

“Ohh.”

It was rare for this to happen in a situation where there was no staff but the meat was cooked well without any particular problems.

‘It’s delicious.’

I fixed the fire. Meanwhile Raebin Kim quickly turns over the meat on the grill with a reverential look on his face.

“That door. Should I try grilling it too…?”

“Hahaha Ahyeon can you wash the mushrooms here?”

“Oh yes…!”

And time passes peacefully.

There is no one looking or looking to see if the bribe given at the counter worked. Sometimes a kid running around in front of another caravan in the distance snoops around.

“Oh my does your baby want to eat some meat too?”

“Hey the kid might be allergic.”

“oh. Sorry.”

After passing the time with trivial nonsense we took a bath roughly divided up our lodgings and slept soundly.

“Let’s sleep as much as we want instead of setting an alarm.”

“It’s such a good idea isn’t it? “He is also a leader.”

I slept on the floor on the first day. Mosquito repellent incense was blooming and the sound of insects was heard.

It’s been a long time since I didn’t have to think about the amount or the next goal.

The next day I woke up after lunch and tried horseback riding nearby.

“Yippee-ki-yay~!!”

Cha Yu-jin did all the horseback riding. It seems that even Ryu Cheong-woo who followed behind with a smile surprised the employees.

Shouldn’t they have called those who were originally working out beginners?

‘It would have been okay to quarantine those two guys in the advanced course.’

“What on earth is Moon Dae-moon University’s Eugene talking about?”

“I don’t know.”

“…I need to search to see if it’s a problem word… Ugh!”

“Oh my brother.”

At that time Bae Se-jin who almost lost his balance on the horse regained his balance following the staff’s instructions and saw a man whispering in his direction.

“Bro that sounds like a cowboy…”

I heard a sound like Cha Yu-jin shouting ‘Ihiya’ from afar.

“It’s okay as long as it’s not a problem.”

Bae Se-jin rode a horse quite skillfully after that but let me just say that it somehow felt like acting.

And Sun Ah-hyun who whispered…

“Did you also go horseback riding?”

“Ugh! “Not a lot but sometimes.”

Let me just say that I was in charge of the third ‘guy who used to exercise’.

‘It looks like this guy is good at horseback riding too.’

It seems like they adjusted it while planning the course.

“Oh you did? “I didn’t know either~ Okay Sejin accepted.”

So the next day I went to a wool ranch that he had never been to.

“I think I can buy some wool…! “I’m thinking about making a sweater.”

“Oooh~!”

“Ahyun should wear that this Christmas and post a picture on her official account.”

In that way I use my time without worrying about efficiency.

There is no filming no proof shots and nothing to use as a broadcast episode or build-up.

Time to just relax and play.

“Smores are delicious. Bro let’s eat s’mores! Buy marshmallow!”

“okay.”

Cha Yu-jin looks with a straight face.

“…! Brother are you serious? “Does it hurt?”

“I can’t be this healthy.”

Even if you buy it it’s a mess. Anyway that day I bought chocolate and biscuits and roasted marshmallows over an open fire to make s’mores. And I ate it while looking at the stars.

“Mundaemun University we have to jog twice tomorrow.”

“know.”

It was almost the first time these seven of us had spent time together just to have fun like that.

The beach pension was destroyed when Kim Rae-bin’s grandmother collapsed.

‘…It’s okay.’

The hot springs were also very helpful.

Taking an open-air hot spring bath every evening was a good way to end my day before going to bed.

“We buy this. Leave it at home! “I will pay that money.”

“There is nowhere to put it.”

Hot water lowers tension.

Then what you experienced in that strange system world comes out of your mouth.

“You know what? Raebin Kim I grilled a lot of meat while making strawberries. “I heard it from Raebin Kim there.”

“Huh?”

“For some reason it cooked well. “It’s all a learned skill.”

“As a minor I cannot pick strawberries delicately so I helped prepare the new strawberries. But I really appreciate the compliment. “We will continue to work hard!”

The guys sitting in the outdoor hot spring one by one started talking casually without paying attention to the context of the conversation.

“Have you contacted your VTIC senior?”

“uh. “You seem to be doing well.”

“Good~”

“I didn’t know we would become friends with that senior like this.”

I wiggled my eyebrows as I recalled the list of recommended works I had received from Ju Dan yesterday.

The other two guys also contacted me quite often.

‘I remember working as a group for over half a year so is it natural?’

Ryu Cheong-woo speaks softly perhaps recalling his ‘Wishes’ activities in a similar way to me.

“Come to think of it we haven’t been able to do a proper tour there. “It feels like it’s been a very long time since I did this.”

“that’s right. “I’m looking forward to it.”

Not only Cha Yu-jin but there are people nodding their heads here and there one after another. Liu Chengwu nods his head together and then adds playfully.

“Ah only Sejin tried it right?”

Big Sejin smiled.

“You can’t call it a proper tour.”

“…”

“No really… yes.”

I almost looked at that with a straight face.

“Anyway I missed our group so much~ Now that we’re going on tour we’re really excited to perform hard right?”

I got it bastard.

“Huh? “It looks like the door isn’t responding?”

“That’s because you’re asking the obvious.”

“…!”

It’s good to rest but you need to do something stimulating to get your mind going.

“Let’s do the tour properly.”

Smiles spread on the faces of others including Keun Se-jin.

That was the conclusion of the day.

It was the last night of the fourth day of the trip.

And the morning of check-out.

“Thanks to you I’m having a really good time. thank you!”

“no. “I am…!”

We gave autographs and proof shots to the counter staff and the owner who remained silent and then boarded the car back to Seoul. The guys wearing neck pillows are laughing.

“It was fun.”

“It was definitely a camping experience that made me realize that rest can also be a useful time.”

“We’re going to the beach next time!”

“Good good.”

Amidst the chattering crowd I picked up my smartphone and accessed the group’s official account… and suddenly a thought occurred to me.

Come to think of it I brought that with me just in case.

“It’s all okay now isn’t it?”

“hmm?”

Fortunately it is a clean and well-maintained building in preparation for the future of taking photos at the counter.

“It’s okay it’s okay.”

then.

After some discussion we took out the air gauge from our bags. It was a smartphone for the W app.

If you attach it in front of the passenger seat adjust the angle and then turn on the broadcast…

Tidik.

“Hello Lover!”

-???

-1pa

-What’s going on?

Since the morning the comments have been pouring in with greetings and questions asking what’s going on.

And then a common sense question arises.

-Is this filming?

“Are you filming? No we’re coming up to play by ourselves!”

And the members chat excitedly among themselves.

“Oh what I did was… we went to the hot springs went horseback riding… and touched a baby sheep. “I also brought Munge.”

“Ah Mundaemundae was really funny back then. That Eugene made lava out of marshmallows? “The expression on Moon Dae’s face at that time~”

“Well since Sejin talked about lava it reminds me of it. Yesterday Ahyeon had a successful barbecue! We were all surprised. “It was delicious.”

“A picture? Uh I didn’t take any pictures…”

“Uhm. “There’s a video like that one… Ah there’s a video!”

Sun Ah-hyun laughs and shows a balloon floating on the grass on her smartphone.

[Muang!]

That was the beginning and end of all material.

“Uh… it’s not like a broadcast it’s really just us going out to have fun!”

There are no more.

-?

-No please show Testa’s face.

-Show us what you did.

-A cruel act that only shows the ending

A silent scream took over the chat window.

‘…Have you been playing around too much?’

I realized.

This was just for the purpose of conveying the latest news but when I listened carefully I realized that what was being talked about was a break to use for its own content.

So it really stimulated the interest of those who were interested.

However the live broadcast was overflowing with extortion without substance.

-Go back guys and go camping again quickly.

Thanks to you the comments are filled with madness.

…This was the beginning of all the great transformation that would happen thereafter.
