---
title: "Chapter 417"
category: "book"
index: 416
section: "Chapter 417"
slug: "417"
---

# Chapter 417

Testa fans are already familiar with various incidents from behind-the-scenes dog fights by malicious individual fans to the aggro of rumor-spreading agencies.

Of course negative things are not the only things we are familiar with.

I became happily accustomed to the jaw-dropping stage quality thoughtful fan service cute little stories and heartwarming group episodes.

However there was something ambiguous about whether I should like this at all. This is the nature of Testa’s entertainment.

-Testa Entertainment = Inferno Party

-This is all because of the production team.

-He sent me to heal but gave up when I saw that he was in trouble haha.

It’s fun.

Testa’s entertainment show had a high popularity batting average thanks to the fact that it was definitely fun and the plot became a hot topic without any consideration.

In the meantime the feeling of an ‘idol caught up in entertainment’ was stronger than that of a professional entertainer so there was no change in the image.

Fans enjoyed the content and flow. But at the same time I would also talk about other thoughts.

-I just want to see kids do whatever they want without thinking at least once.

-Sometimes I think it must be too hard for the kids. They are the ones who are busy with their day jobs.

Since the group has been through many ups and downs since their debut there was a subtle demand for them to play comfortably without any obstacles.

Moreover if entertainers whose main job is not entertainment they do special entertainment shows isn’t it common for them to escape from their daily lives and enjoy quiet healing?

‘Observational healing trip!’

But now… all of a sudden the members are doing it.

At first all the fans liked it.

-The kids went camping made s’mores went horseback riding and played with sheep. It’s crazy that they even took Munggei with themㅠㅠㅠ

-Eh

-Hey why aren’t you there?

Until I realized there wasn’t a single photo.

Loveure was embarrassed.

Good thing happened. The kids smiled brightly saying they would work harder for the concert because they had a good rest and they looked good and full of passion as if they had eaten and slept well.

But that’s it.

-No we are

-Why are you bullying Lover?

-How can you carry anything?

I thought there was at least a video for its own content.

Moreover there were signs that emerged from the W app.

[Hey water here. But get up and eat.]

[Hee hee!]

[Wow aren’t we going to explode like this? Everyone is lying down.]

Originally they were very close as a team. But this time it felt like something more had been removed.

-Wow the kids talk quietly.

-(Confucian rabbits are excluded)

Throughout the W Live there was a comfortable atmosphere as if everyone was open to each other and it was a little sad to hear them listen to each other.

A sight full of unity as if they had disbanded and then reunited. It was meaningful.

-It seems like the whole group has reached max level.

-What did you do?

-Tell me! Let me know! ㅜㅠㅠㅠㅠ

W Live viewers cried even more when they guessed that something like a turning point in the narrative had happened at the camp they had visited.

And I realized the cause of this situation as I watched the members panicking as if they didn’t feel any problem about not bringing a single photo.

…I had no idea there would be demand.

-My kids always do stupid things on entertainment shows so the formula for healing is stupid has gotten stuck in their heads. What should I do? ㅠㅠ

-Park Moon-dae Looks like you’re looking at me. It’s your fault for not taking a single picture even though you’re so good at taking pictures but I’m relieved because you’re cute.

-Guys I think the kids played better because they were comfortable without cameras… Of course I’m going crazy for telling everyone about it.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Everyone is so sorry that I can’t even cryㅠㅠㅠㅠㅋㅋㅋㅋ

Testa saw the fans crying and screaming in the comments and did his best to explain what he had done.

[Um… Ah at the sheep ranch Eugene tried herding sheep like that shepherd dog and it really worked. It was so funny!]

[that’s right. The owner smiled.]

It was counterproductive.

-Ughhhhh

-Okay guys I respect your wonderful camp haha (I’m actually crying. I wish they would sell it for money)

-It sounds so fun and happy. This is jealousy.

And this wave of desire quickly began to take over fan communities and social media accounts along with Testa’s drive broadcast.

* * *

A few days after returning from glamping.

-Hello testers~ How are you?

“…Yes of course. “I’m doing well.”

I received a phone call while I was in the midst of preparing for the tour.

To be exact Liu Chengwu shook his head and handed it over.

“How are you PD?”

He was the representative producer of the entertainment division that created various gems of entertainment from entertainment that sells hotteok overseas to carrot coins.

And I already guessed what this person was going to say.

-Oh we’re doing well! And it seemed like Testa was like that too. We heard it too.

“yes?”

-Glamping~ Ah Testa’s healing camp!

Yeah I knew it was this. I was silent for a moment thinking about the Internet situation over the past few days.

‘…I didn’t know people would be so stimulated.’

It seems that the lack of any video evidence actually maximized fans’ curiosity and expectations.

-Testa We enjoyed a crazy vacation with all kinds of entertainment including cooking camping hot springs horseback riding and animals…

Testa Glamping which only lasted 4 nights and 5 days based on what fans said was turning into a rare camping entertainment that mixed touching comical and healing.

Moreover in that atmosphere one by one not blackmail but a piece of cake came out.

————————

[Can I post something like this? Testa review]

I was working part-time at a glamping site when he suddenly appeared in a funny and suspicious outfit and checked in handsomely. I thought it was Operation 007.

This is a proof shot (photo)

They did it willingly when I checked out. Everyone was really nice and polite and Munge was cute.

If you have any questions please leave them in the comments.

————————

Starting with a review from a long-suffering part-time worker a promotional post from the campsite owner and eyewitness accounts from employees at a sheep ranch and horse riding range were also posted.

I think the photos and short videos served as indirect evidence and a great piece of cake.

-Cha Yu-jin\: Riding a horse is crazy. 23413241324 cowboy movies passed.

-Wow it’s backlit while petting the sheep but the pictorial is Sun Ah-hyun and Godgi Bambi Elk Prince…

-What’s wrong with the physique difference between you and boss Cheongwoo? No I love you.

Short shaky low-quality videos taken with smartphones and a few proof shots made fans even more thirsty.

‘There are definitely traces that it was there but there is no substance… ’

Even people who tried to find traces by renting the caravan and tent that Testa used ended up getting scolded and getting off while broadcasting the story on social media.

-I don’t know how to control my dog viewer. It’s so overheated right now that it’s just an invasion of privacy.

└People on each island are talking and making a fuss. What an invasion of privacy.

└A mind like yours is what kills people.

-It’s funny how things are going around these fortresses. They were worried that you guys would be like this so they went away quietly among themselves. You idiots.

Just before things started to go crazy the tour was promoted on a large scale and things calmed down a bit but it was still close.

I barely managed to keep the extremely built-up excitement from overheating.

Still the atmosphere of protesting and calling for healing still remains.

I clicked my tongue inwardly.

‘I guess I gained less insight after being in a group in a different time zone for 10 months?’

Now it is prohibited to turn on the live broadcast with the stupid idea of just trying it out without thinking about it.

Anyway isn’t it obvious what the entertainment production team that originally worked with us would say in this situation?

-The term is a bit short but the timing is great right? The healing entertainment we originally promised! It’s tour season so let’s go. Testers.

This is supply creation.

Let’s film the promised Testa healing entertainment now.

“Entertainment?”

“Ah~ Are you our PD? It’s been a while. PD Jeong!”

The guys who were dozing off in the car are slowly starting to react.

And the producer who eagerly returned the greeting starts business without even licking his lips.

-Even though we were pressed for time we made proper preparations to host Testa.

They say they are planning a content series exclusively for WeTube on their channel which has over 3 million subscribers.

And he wants to introduce Testa as the first batter there.

-Wouldn’t it be best to take a photo during a break during the tour?

I looked around.

‘Should we set the mood with a show of hands?’

But Liu Chengwu smiles and opens his mouth first.

“Should we do whatever we want at Mundae?”

hmm?

“great…!”

“That’s right~ To be honest Moon University can decide this.”

“It is appropriate to say this because Brother Moon Dae felt the greatest sense of betrayal during the last ‘That House’s Grandson’ entertainment show.”

Are you coming?

Since I was the one who got screwed the most by these production crew members in the last entertainment show it seems like the hosting rights have been returned to me.

I looked at my smartphone for a moment and nodded.

“great.”

-Oooh!

It would be right to relieve the fandom atmosphere here.

Anyway if it runs parallel to the tour season it won’t be necessary to focus on the topic so much so let’s think of it as a resting episode.

“I will trust the production team of this healing entertainment show for the last time.”

-I swear right here and now. I risk my entire entertainment career!

“You don’t mean to say that the entertainment career you promised was betrayed here.”

There was silence for a moment.

-… Mr. Moon Dae we are sorry. No this is my first time distrusting an idol like this.

The PD continued talking in a trembling voice.

Of course I’m shaking because it’s funny.

-You must have been really hurt. I’m in tears.

“no.”

No you bastard.

“Whoosh!”

On the other end of the phone I could hear the writers dragging their feet and suppressing laughter.

Coincidentally something similar is happening around here. I hit the laughing Big Sejin on the back.

“evil!”

“Anyway that’s how it happened. i look forward to.”

With Liu Chengwu’s handling everything was sorted out.

-Please take care of us~

In this way the WeTube version of Testa’s healing entertainment show was confirmed.

* * *

And after an urgent meeting and practice.

Filming began from the moment we boarded the plane and left the country for the tour.

“We’re here to save you time.”

“It’s mom!”

The production team said they couldn’t give up even on a gag like this so they performed a surprise appearance at a stopover.

It was so loud that it seemed like the airport lounge had somehow allowed it.

‘I guess you really don’t intend to scam me.’

Seeing that he is trying to eat something like that it looks like he will truly heal him this time.

When I saw the PD with angel wings I understood the mood and nodded.

“Because we don’t want anyone going on a tour to have to worry about anything other than the stage we have chosen to fully respect your wishes!”

“Ohh.”

“That’s right… it’s self-planning!”

Soon the PD with a solemn expression tells the story that has already been discussed.

‘It’s simple.’

1. Two testers are paired up and each team creates a healing course of their choice.

“And everyone takes turns enjoying it! “No exceptions or manipulation.”

“Oooh~”

2. One person who wins the mini game can create the healing course of his or her choice.

“congratulations. “Ravin!”

“congratulations!”

That’s Kim Rae-bin here.

Kim Rae-bin nodded eagerly with an expression that the reward he got from playing a random board game was undeserved.

“We will create an efficient course that everyone can enjoy and won’t feel pressured by…!”

“No it’s okay Ravin do what you want!”

It’s heartwarming.

The atmosphere feels like it will create a truly healing peaceful stress-free scene.

‘hmm.’

Moreover the conditions were like that.

“Just checking each other’s course and keeping each other in check doesn’t work they really do what they want to do~”

“yes!”

Just do what you want.

The only things that exist are travel expenses and time restrictions but without them it would create a sense of incongruity so it’s right to have them.

Now finally let’s look at the two-person team formed within Testa.

“Shall we do this?”

“…! “I’m fine.”

1. Ryu Cheong-woo and Sun Ah-hyun’s team name is “Happy Trip.”

“Oh this place looks nice.”

“…Isn’t it a bit too much for the budget? No I’m okay with doing this and less of the other things.”

“No I just think it looks good bro~ Let’s look at other things too!”

The name of team 2 is ‘Sejin Izu’ but of course it is a team formed by Lee Se-jin and Bae Se-jin.

I nodded.

‘It’s already coming out.’

Either way you will come out with a good healing course without any problems.

The previous team is naturally gentle guys and the two guys with the same name have opposite tastes so if they compromise in front of the entertainment cameras they will end up with a popular course.

‘If that’s the case.’

This means that eventually there will be a team that provides even a little stimulation.

I looked back at my teammate.

“brother! “Can I be the leader?”

“uh. then.”

Cha Yu-jin was accessing the Internet with her eyes shining.

That’s right.

Team 3\: Cha Yu-jin and Park Moon-dae.

-Team name\: 〈I will do what I want to do〉

Even when we went to camp there was an American guy who chased sheep while imitating a sheepdog and a Korean guy who first greeted us by tearing off a chicken’s foot.

This is why image was important.

‘Healing is originally a subjective expression.’

I looked back at my reliable team members and began to make a killing… or rather healing plan with satisfaction.
