---
title: "Chapter 418"
category: "book"
index: 417
section: "Chapter 418"
slug: "418"
---

# Chapter 418

No matter how entertainment goes there are things to worry about first.

Just a performance.

“Thank you!”

I raised my head. The choreography of the debut song ‘Hi-five’ ended with a voice ringing from the microphone next to it.

It was the last encore song.

Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

The heat cheers and lights. My body vibrates from the vibrations.

‘…It’s been a while.’

Sweat poured down my temples.

I slowly closed and opened my eyes and saw a cluster of lights filling the huge square.

In fact touring is not something that is exposed to the media so it is not very helpful in raising awareness or reputation.

Since the popularity they have already earned is harvested as an audience the agencies are using it as a cash cow.

However once you are in the position of performing it is difficult to dismiss it that way.

“Whoop.”

‘It just… gives me goosebumps.’

In fact it made me wonder if priorities had changed.

Isn’t raising awareness about trying to attract an audience who will see and listen to this?

“thank you!”

The rush of adrenaline makes you think stupid things. I roughly wiped my forehead.

“See you again!!”

“See ya!”

This tour which has been held for the first time in such a long time has heated up the group atmosphere.

So much so that there was a guy who shouted this as soon as he came down to the backstage.

“I think today’s performance was very complete with no mistakes!”

“Ugh I think so too…!”

The Singapore performance on both days received rave reviews from the two perfectionists themselves.

I nodded checking the camera that came in just in time.

“Starting tomorrow I will be able to enjoy the healing course without shame.”

“I know!”

The entertainment crew’s camera moves excitedly among the guys who are giggling and catching their breath.

“Ah but no matter how much I think about it isn’t it just a dream schedule? It was perfect for healing while meeting fans and having fun performing! And perform again~”

This is an introductory comment that seems like it would appear in an entertainment trailer. I guess I knew it myself.

“Just tell me a little bit now where did you and Eugene choose Mundaemun University?”

“It’s a secret. “I want to see the members’ screaming faces!”

“Oh it looks luxurious?”

“Oh we spent a lot of budget.”

“I knew it would be like that!”

Big Se-jin comes out laughing and slaps Cha Yu-jin on the back.

However for the sake of a good reaction I will have to bury the truth that this is not where you think your budget will be spent.

“Everyone worked hard!”

And at midnight that day when the guys who had gathered for a late-night snack for the first time in a while were still keeping their eyes wide open the PD finally came in.

Ding dong.

“Oh my god everyone were you gathered here to wait for us?”

“Usually when we tour we share a room once a week to unite.”

“Party tonight~”

“No that’s also being revealed to Love Viewers for the first time right? This is why the fans are disappointed!”

That’s true but making it sound obnoxious is also an ability.

“I will correct it.”

“If you’re going to talk I’ll prepare a proof photo first.”

Even the camera director held back his laughter as he deliberately came out more politely as if he was filming an apology video.

‘It’s like entertainment.’

The proceedings continued in that cheerful atmosphere.

“Now shall we give a round of applause to ourselves for successfully completing a performance in our first tour country?”

“Wow!”

Smiles were spread across their faces as they laughed and slapped their palms. That’s serious.

“Mr. Moon Dae this is the first time since filming started that I have smiled so sincerely.”

“I always laugh sincerely.”

“Ah~ I couldn’t really smile last time… I’m sorry. Mr. Moon Dae it’s a joke. “I’m sorry.”

Stop it.

With the writers’ laughter in the background the PD finally got to the point.

“Well then our &lt;Sejin Izu&gt; was first in line right?”

“Yeah~”

The PD showed the plan file submitted in advance by Keun Se-jin who was smiling and Bae Se-jin who was nodding seriously in front of the camera.

“Here! “It contains the healing course you chose.”

Since we go to various countries on tour the order is fixed to ensure smooth travel destination selection.

‘They were Indonesian.’

When it comes to healing keywords like yachting snorkeling beach etc. come to mind. I put down my hands and waited patiently.

PD shouted energetically.

“Now please do a drum roll~ 〈Sejin Izu〉 Healing Course Those titles are~”

“Dugu dugu dugu!”

The PD opens the file with exaggerated movements.

However the moment the content is read the vitality disappears from the PD’s face as if by magic.

“PD?”

A question mark appears to appear over the face of the PD who has his head buried in a file and a confused voice is heard.

“…&lt;climbing an active volcano&gt;?”

“…”

“…”

for a moment.

“Oh climbing is good.”

That’s just your opinion Ryu Cheong-woo.

When I turn my head Bae Se-jin opens his mouth seriously with a red face.

“…Testa’s next tour destination is Indonesia and it has many famous volcanoes.”

“Everyone seemed to be doing a lot of luxurious things so we decided to save money and build up our stamina!”

“Because power is the most important thing in the tour.”

“…”

I realized.

These bastards took a sharp curve while trying not to fight.

Since the two of them don’t have the same hobbies it seems like they have moved forward at an odd pace toward the only direction where their values match.

Just work.

“okay. “This is a truly meaningful idea!”

Since Kim Rae-bin threw out that line first the person complaining here is a honeysucker without a professional mind.

‘Is all healing dead?’

In the end when I see people nodding their heads and saying that it is a choice befitting a professional idol I wonder if there is something wrong with this.

If this happens our team’s choice will be… Wait.

But I soon corrected myself after seeing the next team.

‘It’s a combination of Ryu Cheong-woo and Sun A-hyeon so what?’

A good course… For a moment I’m a little suspicious that Ryu Cheong-woo is out hiking again.

So I asked the PD openly.

“Do we have any overlap?”

“…No Mr. Moon Dae this is really my first time checking. “I didn’t watch it secretly!”

Is there anything I can do to stop broadcasting? Don’t lie.

“…Oh of course our writer Lee checked in advance to make sure there was no overlap!”

There the artist with his face covered gives an OK sign with his finger. You can’t see the expression because the face is covered… but it’s probably not a lie anyway. I decided to change the route.

‘…the curvy feeling isn’t bad either.’

I was already worried about viewership ratings but it actually turned out well.

We received a PPL for an accommodation reservation app on the spot got a good night’s sleep and left for Indonesia the next day.

And then I actually started hiking on Mount Batur.

“The weather is nice!”

“…and.”

I would like to correct myself in saying that it went well. Park Moon-dae’s stat-based body is inferior to Ryu Geon-woo’s even after being an idol for 4 years.

In that sense if you think of this as physical training the cost-effectiveness is not bad…

I looked to the side.

“The scenery is very pretty. yes…?”

“Cool”

“…”

Behind the former athletes walking happily.

Bae Se-jin was walking quietly with the expression of walking her own ascetic path.

If that guy was going to do that why did he choose to hike? And why did I take joint responsibility for that guy’s choice?

‘Is this… healing?’

Anyway the scenery I saw after gritting my teeth and climbing up was amazing.

So it was a moment when I thought that I could just get a healing cut with that.

“Tomorrow is a night hike everyone. “Excited right?”

“and.”

“You can see a blue luminous glow from the volcano and it looks just like hellfire.”

“…”

“Thank you for the valuable cut. Sejins~ Huh? There’s a hot spring right in front but you didn’t make a reservation? Oh my think about your budget!”

Even Keun Se-jin almost moved his facial muscles.

Opinions will continue to differ anyway. Since it is WeTube content they expected it to be compressed into 30 minutes and tried to capture all the attractions and major main goals.

His judgment was extraordinary but it must have been humanly difficult to endure the PD’s crazy jokes.

‘That bastard couldn’t even joke.’

I can see the writers watching the sinking of the entertainer with a happy face. I could already see how the editing would go.

“Mr. Sejin?”

“…Ah that’s good!”

It’s late.

“Good right? “It’s your choice!”

“I’m happy!”

“great!”

Is this the military?

We finished the night hike the next day and the rock climbing wall on the last day and stayed in the hotel all day. It’s a good thing that I don’t have muscle pain because it’s a physically demanding job. That may have been calculated too.

Still after rehearsing and performing again the faces of those gathered…

‘Please heal!’

It seemed like it was written that way.

okay. Unless you are a mountain climbing enthusiast hiking for three days is not healing.

“Come on everyone cheer up. “I have to go to a healing course!”

“Yes yes!”

I nodded and looked at the file the PD guy was holding.

‘Next destination… is England.’

Although the flight route was complicated due to the rental schedule it was actually good. I’m sure you won’t go to England and climb mountains.

‘I won’t say anything crazy like climbing Big Ben.’

“Now~ ‘Happy Trip’ is our group Cheongwoo and Ahyeon right?”

“yes…!”

“I’ll open it right away~ Right away!”

〈Horror Experience〉

“…”

“…”

Seriously… no really?

“I chose it because there are several famous horror experience parks in the UK.”

“I decided on this because it was summer so I thought this would be the perfect vacation spot… I thought everyone would take a break and let’s do something fun.”

Ryu Cheong-woo smiled shyly saying that he had no idea he would be hiking as his first course.

“You’ll feel fine guys don’t worry.”

It’s just about being comfortable with your body.

“Ugh and this…!”

I suddenly took the several tickets that Sun Ah-hyeon took out from the file and handed me out.

There are traces of it being drawn with crayons as if it was made by hand.

‘what.’

I turned over the ticket.

[Experience exemption]

There was even a floral pattern drawn on it.

“It’s okay if you’re not very scared. “There’s no need to force it…!”

“That’s right participation will be voluntary.”

But why only give it to me?

“I mean if you don’t like it while biting…”

“I will.”

“Huh?”

“I said I would.”

This… I wonder if there would be a bastard who would use this in this situation.

I returned the ticket with superhuman patience.

‘I’m going to study ahead.’

While making a plan to push away the clapping Cha Yu-jin and the laughing Keun Se-jin in front of the ghost part-time worker.

And… I will explain that I spent my stay in England with nothing good other than performing.

At this point the plan was abandoned.

“Hey Mundae hyung! [What do you think about us being the only ones to create a truly ‘healing’ course?]”

Even when Cha Yu-jin said this backstage after the performance I was not shaken.

“…It’s a shame.”

“that’s right!”

I decided not to tell you that it was healing only for you.

It will be revealed within 30 minutes anyway.

“First of all I really enjoyed your performance in England. “Our staff brought snow and hearts.”

“Hee hee!”

“thank you! thank you!”

This time the production crew who had seen the performance joined in again smiling.

I wonder if they are ambitiously planning to get more views since a trip abroad once a week is considered an expense.

Anyway the PD finally calls the long-awaited team.

“ruler. This order is… Oh Yu-jin and Moon Dae’s team.”

“Yeah~”

I did not refuse Cha Yu-jin’s request to raise one hand. I hope it’s at least funny.

“The team name is very avant-garde. “I will do what I want to do.”

The PD held the editing point and gestured as if to add a sound effect then continued speaking.

I imitated the PD’s gesture. Bae Se-jin looked at me with eyes of disbelief.

“Oh~ And this writer said he spent a lot more budget than the previous teams!”

“Oh!”

“Luxury!”

Cheers rang out.

“ruler. Then the fantastic healing course that will unfold in ‘Mexico’ is…”

PD turned over the file. Then a huge title is revealed.

-〈Great White Shark Cage Experience〉

“…After entering the cage and going down to the sea floor… you meet a great white shark.”

“…”

There was a hellish silence for a moment.

“The one from that thriller movie?”

I stayed quiet for a moment and eventually admitted.

“yes.”

“hey!”

Bae Se-jin shouts.

“Park Moon-dae you are the same!”

“Why are you scolding me like that for climbing a mountain to see a great white shark right in front of you?”

Cha Yu-jin responds to the person with the same name who screams. This guy is serious.

“We don’t use our stamina. We chose to have fun! “Everyone chose something strange!”

“What kind of fun is it to be locked in a cage and meet a shark? It must be fun for the shark…!”

“Listen.”

I opened my mouth.

“Healing is originally a combination of recovery emotion and laughter.”

“…however?”

“Our team was in charge of the laughter there.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with an expressionless expression.

“You know it’s bullshit… right?”

huh.

Liu Chengwu smiled and opened his mouth.

“In the end no one… chose a healing course that involved a lot of rest.”

“…”

“…”

It was the end of a healing journey without healing.

“No it’s ruined! “You made such a great choice in terms of entertainment!”

I want to punch PD in the mouth.

“And there is also our last one~ Mr. Ravin!”

The name of the person with the most workaholic temperament in this group is called.

“yes!”

“This is what happened Mr. Ravin. Let’s take a look at the course in advance!”

I was excited.

I rubbed my temples feeling like I already guessed what the ending would be but…

-〈Star-Counting Night Massage Experience〉

plan.

Go horseback riding to a beautiful plateau next to the lake where you can enjoy an aromatic campfire and a full meal prepared by the chef.

Afterwards you will receive a massage from a professional while looking at the Milky Way outdoors in a warm breeze.

And after taking a hot spring bath I went to bed.

“…”

“sorry. “Everyone chose a course that would highlight the characteristics of each country and the individuality of the team while contributing to their idol-like duties but I was the only one who went overboard in my attempt to recreate my past vacation…”

“I love you Ravin.”

“Kim Rae-bin is the best.”

“…??”

That’s how Testa went to see the shark pledging to take the promised final healing course…

For reference episode 1 was released the very next day.

A healing journey without healing.

…For the first time I started to be afraid of the fan reaction wondering what kind of feedback this entertainment show that had not even aired would receive.
