---
title: "Chapter 419"
category: "book"
index: 418
section: "Chapter 419"
slug: "419"
---

# Chapter 419

The names of the Testa healing entertainment show were like this.

-〈Healing Artisan Testa〉

Healing Testa for short.

It was a name that clearly showed an ambition to give the cast a good rest.

Naturally as soon as the plan was announced and the sequel was mentioned in the production team’s previous work Testa fans went crazy.

-at las

-Supply with demand! Supply on demand!

-Ah let us watch Testa Camping tooㅠㅠㅠAh1!!!

However everyone also knew about the brilliant records of this entertainment production team.

It is truly a history of betrayal!!

So after the enthusiasm had passed cool-headed speculations about the production team’s big picture were already pouring in.

-I feel like I’m going to put on a healing mask and hit the kids in the back again.

-Look healing programs usually use indirect gambling methods. Anyone can see that this is irony haha.

-Oh no let the kids play comfortably.

Fans cried out to the production team to please give up on betrayal and the production team responded with a pre-release.

[Testa and Producer Jeong take on the challenge of healing… Betrayal (X) Sincerity (O) Testa’s plan to do whatever he wants | 〈Healing Artisan Testa〉 pre-release video]

The pre-release began with the production team having a conversation after hearing news about Testa’s camping trip.

[Testa’s substanceless healing camping that is heating up the Internet…]

[(Photo) (Certification)]

[It spreads to criticism of Testa’s infernal entertainment without healing in the past!]

The broadcast footage of Testa making a vain expression or screaming at the production crew’s vicious moves flashed like a flash of light.

And this is what comes out.

[Writer Lee\: Honestly the PD did too much.]

[PD\: These people do it all together and only make me the devil.]

[LOL]

The production team who had been passing the blame to each other looked back one by one on the entertainment they did with Testa and eventually acknowledged it.

[PD\: It was a little(?) excessive.]

[Self-objectification begins]

And after reflecting I tried calling Testa.

That’s right. Even Park Moon-dae of the world didn’t realize it at the time but the production crew had designed this as a picture for filming.

[PD\: Hello testers~ How are you? (puppetry)]

The PD gently cajoles Testa in a very encouraging voice.

And the picture where Testa who has already been fooled many times especially Park Moon-dae barely gets the OK amidst doubt and caution.

[Park Moon-dae\: Good.]

[!]

[I was caught…! Ah not this time]

[It’s a choice you won’t regret… ☆]

-Hey the production team has been rejuvenated right? lol

-Park Moon-dae behind the subtitles synthesized with disillusionment a fan who must have gone crazy and vomited from laughing

-The leader is Ryu Cheong-woo but first of all he is a tester who implements a policy of preferential treatment for victims.

-Did you guys from the production crew use drugs to stop using hard and kissing effects on your smartphone?

[Producer’s Karma]

[You have to pay it back properly this time.]

The smartphone whose call was disconnected dynamically disappeared and a thrilling BGM was played.

[The highest production investment ever!]

[I really do everything I want to do as a tester!]

The cheers of Testa enjoying healing were mixed in the background.

[and]

[oh my god!]

[〈Indonesia England Mexico and even Chile〉]

On the screen the capitals of each country and picturesque scenes passed by followed by the image of Testa running out of the airport excitedly.

[Everything is Testa’s choice!]

[Will Testa an entertainment craftsman successfully create healing?]

[Healing Artisan Testa See you on Tuesday August 23rd~]

It ends with Testa and Munge waving and smiling.

It created an atmosphere where it felt like if you betrayed yourself here even if it was a variety show the production crew would look down on you and criticize you.

So the fans believed it.

-It’s awesome.

-Wow it really is healing.

-Even during the hit tour there is entertainment and the kids are even healing which is the best.

I was completely relieved.

-I’m really looking forward to hearing that the kids are planning it themselves. I can also know their tastes.

-If there are 4 countries who will form a 2-person team individually or will we pick one as a group?

And as a second pre-release a hotel party night during Testa’s tour was revealed making the atmosphere even more heated.

-Healing!

It was in this situation that episode 1 was released.

After the heartwarming team-sharing mini-game Testa’s fun flight cut and the great performance cut… what appeared.

[Climbing an active volcano]

“…”

“…”

What is this?

Homma who was watching the premiere in a rented cafe room with her graduate student friend had her pupils trembling.

The graduate student spit out the ade he was drinking.

However Testa’s appearance climbing like a rock climbing goat does not change.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: The air is so nice…!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (can’t even answer)]

Why are our kids training instead of healing…?

As soon as we get a cut of the two Sejin walking in silence a flashback scene begins with a cut of their conversation.

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh how about a natural swimming pool with a waterfall? And the water park looks good too? There is also a safari!]

[Bae Se-jin\: It’s good to have fun but… you don’t have to be in Indonesia to go there. I thought… a temple or a history museum would be more unique.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh yes.]

The two began to create a healing plan quite excitedly.

“But why are you climbing?!”

“for a moment”

Because soon we will run into difficulties.

[Bae Se-jin\:… Yes I think places like rice terraces would be worth seeing. If you go to the next museum you can also get historical explanations!]

[Lee Se-jin\:… Oh brother but our name is healing entertainment so wouldn’t that be a bit too sophisticated?]

[Bae Se-jin\: Entertainment can also have cultural meaning!]

[Lee Se-jin\: That’s right. Still it’s nice to see that it’s funny and fun but has additional meaning!]

[Bae Se-jin\: It will be fun.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Hey let’s ask the staff over there will they all choose the water park?]

Their goals were very different.

[Lee Se-jin\:…]

[Bae Se-jin\:…]

A video of ferocious red pandas confronting each other is spread translucently behind the faces of two people with the same name.

[Breathless confrontation]

There’s even an interview.

[Lee Se-jin\: Do you know that?]

[Lee Se-jin\: We… MBTI is also the opposite.]

Coo thump!

There is a lightning effect.

Lee Se-jin’s desperate character appeal interview which she conducted with the determination that she would not be caught on camera for being too cheap served as excellent material.

[Two people with the same name only]

[These people… nothing is right!]

I thought the images of the two of them choosing completely opposite menus including the in-flight meal had been edited out…

Different cuts pass by including the way they carry their suitcases the way they play with the members and even the way they cover themselves with blankets.

[What’s surprising here]

[※It is said to be a good fit when working]

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssd

That was the beginning of all tragedy.

The two looked at each other funny with exaggerated subtitles and effects as if they couldn’t understand each other and came to a dramatic compromise.

[Lee Se-jin\: Bro then should we just… do something that will help us with our activities? Self-development?]

[Bae Se-jin\:…! That’s… okay.]

[(poof) So I decided to work (porridge)]

The course is introduced in strong cursive with magnificent BGM.

[The basis of performance is physical strength!]

[3-day climbing course to train Testa’s physical strength]

Hell fire burns.

-hey

-Ugh.

-I can’t even imagine.

-Guys there was no need to be this serious about things but no.

-I’m going crazy lol.

People were shocked and burst into laughter that the first course was a total failure. And the production team did not miss this piece of cake.

It was well directed to make the two very different people bicker and still get along quite casually.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: How about a fine for someone who comes out late in the morning?]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Agree)]

[Lee Se-jin\: (Agree)]

When it comes to things like fines for being late we both nod our heads in agreement.

Even so in our daily lives we caught glimpses of each other looking at each other as if we couldn’t understand each other and it came out as a reaction.

[Lee Se-jin\: Would you like to drink ice water at Mundaemundae? Ah but it’s not free~ You have to show 3 types of cute gestures to the camera.]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Why don’t you give it to me quickly? Why is your face like that?)]

[We don’t really understand each other]

[ENTJ 〈-〉 ISFP]

It couldn’t be that funny.

“Puhahaha!!”

‘oh my god’

The graduate student burst into laughter and shed ade and Homma was both laughing and impressed.

‘It worked out well!’

In fact the two Sejin are not very close… because they were steadily attracting aggro under the water.

The general consensus was that someone was ignoring someone or not talking when the camera was off but it seemed quite vague perhaps because of the incredible editing.

‘It’s not healing for Testa! Still this is surprisingly healing for the fans.’

Homma felt the coolness of inhaling a can of cider.

‘Now we won’t be able to hear bullshit like the University of Science and Technology encouraging Lee Se-jin to bully Bae Se-jin!’

And separately the climbing itself was quite enjoyable to watch as a viewer.

The beautiful and amazing scenery of the active volcano and the image of Testa climbing the mountain while communicating with the locals passed by at a fast pace.

In addition the PD’s obnoxious and funny appearance of crazy aggro and the final climax came out.

These are the author’s words.

[Last day of course]

[I briefly spoke to Sejiniz.]

[Writer Park\: But couldn’t you just go to the rice paddies one day and the water park one day?]

[Lee Se-jin\: !!!!]

[Bae Se-jin\: !!!!]

It was a perfect healing solution.

After a shocked silence.

After the two Sejins the members’ nagging and cute resentment during the climb rewinded…

[Lee Se-jin\: Our wonderful and talented writer Park please keep this a secret.]

[Bae Se-jin\: (nods vigorously)]

In response to that earnestness author Park clapped and burst into laughter before falling down.

And large subtitles appear along with a nice advertisement cut of the water park and rice terraces.

[I kept your secret~]

[Starting today all you have to do is prevent Testa members from accessing WeTube. 〈Sejin Izu〉 Fighting! *^^*]

It was nonsense.

“Hahaha!”

“Oh you must be crazy!!”

The two friends also burst into laughter. The two soon forgot their embarrassment that it wasn’t healing and were calmly watching ‘Healing Master Testa’.

‘This is fun!’

It was truly a trustworthy combination.

[End of first healing(?) course]

In addition episodes 1 and 2 were released simultaneously allowing the first course “Sejin Izu” to be watched all at once.

In the end it ended with a comfortable sleep at the hotel so it ended well without being too sadistic.

[Mungge\: The brothers took turns hugging Munge as they looked at the wonderful mountains.]

[Mungge\: It’s so warm! It’s cool and pretty!]

It was very cute even ending in the form of a picture diary of Munge sleeping soundly among the members.

The two people who rented the room cafe even applauded cheerfully as if they had just seen the ending credits. It was a bit unexpected but it was really fun and good!

“Ah it was fun!”

“Who’s next? Ah Ryu Cheong-wu and Sun Ah-hyun.”

Homma who was speaking guessed it and even graduate students knew.

‘This must be truly healing!’

It may have been an attempt to attract a slightly larger audience by organizing episodes 1 and 2 like an entertainment show.

People with deep roots in the idol world including Homma assumed that and many people said the same on social media. And the common reaction of all Testa fans was that real healing would come from next time…

next week.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: But we all really enjoy our leisure time in the summer.]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: I was worried that there might be someone who didn’t want to do it so I came up with a plan for that as well.]

[These people… are ready to truly enjoy healing.]

After a gentle discussion what the two members of the Happy Trip team presented was… a fearful experience.

“…??”

For reference the viewer’s feelings were represented on screen by Park Moon-dae.

[Park Moon-dae\: (denies reality)]

[Park Moon-dae\: (read again)]

[Park Moon-dae\: (Reality)]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\:…!!!!]

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

– ㅅㅂMoondae’s facial expression

-(Seon Ah-hyun even you)

-This is the first time I have seen Ahyeon look at me like that.

-For reference I also feel the betrayal towards leader Hyung-ah.

And the suffering did not end there.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: It’s okay if you’re not a very scary person. There is no need to force it…! (mercy)]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Yes participation will be voluntary. (kindly)]

The ticket ‘Experience Exemption Ticket’ presented by the two people.

The production team provided this explanation.

[❀Coward Certification Rights❀]

[If you write ↑ you are certified as a cowardly crybaby]

The subtitles written in an old-fashioned font were attached and moved on the handmade ticket with amazing skill.

And even Park Moon-dae’s face with his teeth clenched.

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Park Moon-dae absolutely participates

-LOL you evil LOL.

-I can’t stand it. If he had endured that he wouldn’t have debuted. Hahaha.

Viewers burst into laughter and as expected Park Moon-dae shouted the call making them burst into even more laughter.

And the next one was even funnier.

[Lee Se-jin\: Hahahahaha]

[Cha Yujin\: Hahahahaha]

[Two people who haven’t figured out the situation yet]

This is because it foreshadows their fate immediately afterward.

[?? \: Geaaaa!!]

[?? \: Ahhh!!]

[?? \: That doesn’t taste good!(?)]

Someone screaming desperately.

That was the ending of episode 3.

And the ending credits feature cuts from famous British horror spots.

Of course this change of direction to killing caught viewers’ attention and the news quickly spread everywhere.

[Healing Tester I thought it was going to be a fun joke but it turned out to be a real entertainment story.jpg]

[The next step after climbing the Healing Testa is a horror experience hahaha]

[Killing Tester Uproar]

This self-inflicted disaster began to attract enormous aggro from the general public on the Internet and other places.

“…”

“…Shall we prepare an album?”

As a publicity opportunity that came unexpectedly Testa members monitor this mess during the tour.

But the aggro is not over yet.

Because the WeTube channel was operated professionally enough to organize exclusive content it provided subtitles in various languages when released.

So fans in the countries where Testa created the ‘Healing Course’ were also watching with great anticipation…

-I mean… what did I just see?

-What we expected\: Testa who pledges to visit this country again

Reality\: It’s the toughest tour in the country *screams* (capital letters)

-Can’t stop laughing and screaming

Riding on the astonished response of fans in that country Testa’s killer travel story suddenly went viral and began to appear on the country’s popular video tab.

…And in that situation Britain’s famous horror experience was properly broadcast.
