---
title: "Chapter 420"
category: "book"
index: 419
section: "Chapter 420"
slug: "420"
---

# Chapter 420

“Ohhh let’s get started! hurry!”

“Achacha wait a minute!”

Keun Se-jin who made popcorn in the hotel’s microwave sat down on the sofa with joy.

‘Damn it.’

After all today is his tour training camp.

I sat nearby feeling like an animal being led to the slaughterhouse. Sun Ah-hyeon who had been restless for no reason opened her mouth.

“Hey… you don’t have to watch the live broadcast. I think it would be fun to watch a movie…!”

“Monitoring comes first.”

“Ugh…”

Sun Ah-hyun sank and Liu Cheng-wu smiled and picked up the remote control. He seems like a guy with a thick face.

“hmm. Then I’ll play it.”

“Yeah~”

And the smart TV plays real-time videos from WeTube.

[4 3 2 1 0]

[Tiriring~]

“Oooh!”

The first release of Episode 4 of “Healing Master Testa” was beginning.

…The long-awaited horror experience.

[Selection of ‘Happy Trip’]

[British horror attraction course]

The letters are red in color.

Perhaps because it was a cool summer special from the opening of episode 4 all kinds of special effects were added and all the fuss was made.

‘Let’s all experience fear together shall we?’

It wasn’t.

[Horror proxy service]

[※Testa is surprised and viewers are healed.]

“…”

Somehow it’s a bit unfair… no. It would be good if the viewer pool was wide.

“Hahaha!”

Let’s leave it alone and watch the guy who will be screaming at the screen in a little while whether he laughs or not.

On the screen famous horror attractions in England pass by followed by the first attraction selected by the Happy Trip team.

[Evil Hotel]

[An extremely realistic eerie horror that stimulates the five senses is coming from the historic European traditional horror attraction franchise…]

It really sets the mood.

“…that was pretty scary.”

“That’s right you came out without even knowing how everyone would react~ Now you’ll see!”

I crossed my arms.

The testers who were scared on screen and chatting rapidly among themselves after many twists and turns form their own teams and enter the attraction in turn.

The old hallways of the dreary 20th-century building where the lights flicker are littered with blood stains that have turned dark red.

The moment you enter it.

[Kkii Iik]

“evil!”

“I’m already scared!”

The attraction begins when the main gate closes. And as I walk down the muddy hallway one step at a time and pass by the hotel rooms on either side a strange phenomenon occurs.

thud.

[Lee Se-jin\: Argh! oh my god!]

[Employees have not yet appeared]

Big Sejin chews popcorn while looking at himself on the screen making a fuss.

“Oh… I’m curious~”

What is that guy on the screen right now?

“No I wonder who had the best reaction~ Ah Sejin shouldn’t lose!”

“…”

That bastard over there is grinning at me I know what he wants to say.

Coincidentally a yellow head is caught by an infrared camera in the scene where screams are rampant.

grow.

[Park Moon-dae\: (stiffens)]

[For your information speaking entirely about this person…]

And my fear-related reactions from Testa’s past reality programs which were carefully collected are shown on the screen.

[What is today’s door?]

After that meaningful subtitle I started moving again on the screen…

[Quaaaagh!]

[Oh please save me! ah!]

Suddenly the door to room 404 bursts open on the left and a woman tied to an old bed turns her head and crawls out…

[Park Moon-dae\: (nodding)]

[????]

[Good manners]

After bowing we came in together and ran out into the hallway following the rushing members.

“…?!”

“Park Moon-dae you…?”

Why are you so surprised?

I smiled and crossed my arms.

I heard you previewed.

* * *

Around the time when Testa was watching the live broadcast together.

Fans were also giggling as they watched the introduction of episode 4 and were looking forward to the members’ reactions.

In particular the member who is famous for having the biggest gap between his ghostly reactions and his usual ones!

-I’m really looking forward to Park Moon-dae.

– Hahahaha Mundaengdaeng pretends not to be scared… I’m already happy.

Moreover the introduction of the attraction was so authentic and eerie that all the members who were somewhat scared became desperate.

[Tearful negotiations to increase staff]

[Lee Se-jin\:… I think it would be more fun if our PD and writers all went in together right??]

[Bae Se-jin\: That’s right.]

[Cha Yujin\: That’s right! Everyone try it!]

The seeds didn’t even work.

[Kim Rae-bin\: In that case! I believe you planned the course to be attended by at least several people!]

-This is the first time Kim Raebin speaks in such a forced manner.

-My child is not a medieval rabbit he is just a rabbit.

[PD\: Huh? There’s nothing specifically like that in the plan… but of course if Testa wants it! Let’s join the team~]

[Raebin Kim\: Thank you.]

[Lee Se-jin\: I love you.]

[PD\: But don’t you think the ‘Happy Trip’ team is too unpleasant? uh? You chose a course that suits your taste!]

At the PD’s words the members’ heads turned to face the two culprits. Ryu Cheong-woo was smiling a little apologetically and Sun Ah-hyun’s face was gaping.

But it cannot be broken. And then came words like the devil’s whisper.

[PD\: Should each team go in alone?]

[Testa\: Now wait a minute!]

[This is… ✿❀Beautiful friendship?❀✿]

But it didn’t work.

Of course it’s not about friendship.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Those guys aren’t surprised anyway!]

[Bae Se-jin\: That’s right… if we just disperse the number of people for no reason it will be our loss.]

[Lee Se-jin\: That’s right. I will definitely take one of these with me!]

Two strong hearts with no reaction.

It was an instinctive reaction that I couldn’t throw away that stability totem.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-That’s right you shouldn’t kick the kids you’re least scared of from the team.

-Two Se-jin what’s going on that we suddenly get along well lol?

So after discussion the first attraction team was divided into half.

[Ryu Cheong-woo’s team\: Lee Se-jin Cha Yu-jin and Park Moon-dae]

[Sun Ah-hyun Team\: Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin]

-Jjolboz is back!!

-Oh really haha just looking at the first team list makes me feel embarrassed!

-It’s already fun guys.

As the most timid people flocked to the group thinking it was a multi-person team people got excited and let their imaginations run wild.

however.

[Park Moon-dae\: (nodding)]

-???

Jjolbo core member Park Moon-dae… is he okay?

-It’s my mom.

Park Moon-dae calmly and calmly dismissed all the strange phenomena and appearances of employees with an expression that said ‘A mountain is a mountain and water is water.’ And I walk briskly down the hallway.

-I’m not a kid like this.

-What kind of Cheongsimhwan did you take?

-Could it be that being scared was also a character?? Did you decide to stop creating concepts today?

While viewers were shocked.

At that moment the video switches to an interview screen.

And the correct answer appears.

[Park Moon-dae\: I studied in advance.]

The cool-headed guy spoke triumphantly.

Viewers were even more embarrassed.

-No what did you do?

-Was there even a special lecture on horror?

After leaving comments full of all kinds of bullshit the screen returned to show Park Moon-dae’s hotel room from a day ago.

[…hmm.]

Park Moon-dae was lying on the bed and looking intently at the tablet PC.

These are various horror websites. He seemed to be checking intently while twitching his eyebrows occasionally…

There were more interview remarks than expected.

[Park Moon-dae\: I searched and checked all the famous horror spots in the UK on their websites and WeTube.]

-no

-That much

-How much do you hate the great king? No it’s Mundae.

-Why are you so serious?

But the conversation didn’t end there.

[Park Moon-dae\: But then the employee’s vlog came up as a recommendation.]

-??

-for a moment

-Vlog?

That’s right.

Just like the vlogs of amusement park employees there were also personal vlogs of horror attraction employees.

[Park Moon-dae\: But in that vlog his SNS account was also uploaded…]

…This means that as I wandered around the web-like world of the Internet I ended up seeing an employee’s 10-year-old daughter’s birthday party and her wonderful vacation plans.

On the screen the warm SNS screen of an employee who had been granted permission passed brightly.

[Park Moon-dae\: So I found out that the employee who played the bed ghost was planning to spend a wonderful vacation on the beach in Spain.]

[Park Moon-dae\: (thumbs up)]

And the screen returns to the horror attraction again.

[Ugh!]

However this time an in-heart filter was applied to the bed ghost and a heartwarming BGM played.

It was a prediction of Park Moon-dae’s vision.

-yes????

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Oh I’m going crazy. It’s true haha.

-Did the production crew turn around?

Park Moon-dae… studied so much in advance that he reached a point where ghosts seemed like members of modern society living hard in reality.

[I support the bed ghost employee’s vacation. by all members of the production team]

With that subtitle Park Moon-dae once again bravely performed the first attraction.

[Pre-study success!]

And I was able to finish the attraction by closing the door like a triumphal general at the back of the team.

None of the members on screen noticed this situation and just took care of Park Moon-dae…

It was a perfect crime.

-I’m crazy.

-Yes our Mundaeng is brave and courageous. He is not afraid of any ghosts. He is so cool.

Although it had the small negative effect of being liked Park Moon-dae must have been satisfied with this remembering his professional virtues.

…if it ended here.

However the screen that evenly illuminated the other members once again focused on Park Moon-dae.

[Park Moon-dae’s ambitious plan was successful even on the second day.]

[but]

The subtitles change lively.

[Actually you didn’t have to!]

On the second day an attraction where you survive in a silent fog-filled cemetery where eerie ghouls arose.

This statement came out.

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh I’m using an exemption ticket~!]

[Cha Yujin\: I use it too!]

With a grin on their face the two who have the most impressive reaction to a horror experience after Park Moon-dae boldly wrote the ‘Experience Exemption Ticket’.

[Park Moon-dae\:…!!]

[↑The person who boasted that he would not use it]

Moon-Dae Park quickly took on the team leader.

[Park Moon-dae\: Cha Yu-jin didn’t you say you don’t avoid things like this?]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Don’t avoid me! But I want to do that!]

That’s right.

The content of this horror experience exemption was zombie hunting.

[Cha Yu-jin\: My brother uses the exemption too! Come with me!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (groans of difficult rejection)]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Oh…]

Cha Yu-jin was very disappointed but excitedly disappeared with Lee Se-jin to catch zombies anyway.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-A very Cha Yujin-like choice.

-No but that looks so fun haha!!

-If I’m good at this Park Moon-dae will be able to do it alone right?

Of course the content wasn’t ruined like that.

[Kim Rae-bin\: I won’t use it! As the number of people decreases you have to deal with your fears alone and there are physical limits to providing unique enjoyment to viewers.]

[↑Adult gentleman type]

-Park Moon-dae gave Kim Rae-bin a late-night meal and gave him 1000 won.

-This is why you like Ravin so much.

-understood

The remaining Testa was sucked into a cemetery-type attraction to voluntarily experience horror content and disappeared…

But anyway Park Moon-dae made a save here as well.

When the two members who screamed the loudest disappeared it felt like a serious chase so it was fun to have another thrilling experience.

-Ah I still tried my best.

-The kids are pretty calm here haha.

-Wow Ryu Cheong-woo why do I have to feel cool here;;

The last day after two fruitful days.

Anyway this time Park Moon-dae appeared in front of the filming crew in triumph but received unexpected news.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Oh I heard that it is more difficult in the UK due to schedule.]

[Park Moon-dae\: ????]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: The last attraction was chosen for the next country.]

[Park Moon-dae\:…!!!!!]

What that means.

This means that all his preparations will be useless…!

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Failure to predict test scope

-Producer I have a different promise.

-Zebuljae’s second defeat

So he ended up having a great time on the scary island of dolls in Mexico until the ionic drink in his hand exploded…

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: I’m sorry Moon Dae-ya. Let’s use the exemption together with me…!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (Imagine for a moment what would happen if I wrote it here)]

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s okay.]

[~It wasn’t okay~]

-Ah ahyun hahaha ㅠㅠㅠ

-Mundae please look at Ahyeon she’s so sorry haha.

Episode 4 ended with a real horror experience and it was a happy ending that drew a huge number of views in conjunction with the summer special.

Except one person.

“Hahaha!!”

“Sigh. 100 million!”

Testa’s training camp that day ended with Park Moon-dae confiscating all of the members’ popcorn.

Still Park Moon-dae will succeed in his revenge battle starting next week.

Because the healing course created by his team “I Will Do What I Want” has finally been aired!
