---
title: "Chapter 421"
category: "book"
index: 420
section: "Chapter 421"
slug: "421"
---

# Chapter 421

Park Moon-dae received a lot of attention for a week after the airing of episode 4 which was a preview of the horror experience.

Since it was just as predicted he boldly accepted the fate of the group’s laughing button.

‘me. really’

There was even a fan who threw a ghost doll at him at the concert venue.

-You’re crossing the line (video)

Although such behavior disappeared after causing quite a bit of controversy on social media it meant that the impression of entertainment was clear.

A cowardly guy who makes you want to make fun of him.

-Eldest brothers stroking Park Moon-dae’s head on the way home from Doll Island (GIF)

-The dog stiffened like a puppy wearing shoes after stepping on a scary doll lol (photo)

Of course that was the end of the week.

‘of course.’

Even though he is reluctant about ghosts he is not reluctant about all other thrilling situations.

Next episode.

[Great white shark cage experience]

Inside the iron cage that sank to the bottom of the sea.

While Testa members dressed in snorkeling gear screamed and moved like mimes.

Park Mun-dae is standing still.

Anyone who sees it will think it is flat land.

-omg

-That’s right Mundae was this kind of kid.

Immobility. Then he expresses interest by resting his chin on his hand. This means that he is quietly enjoying the sight of a great white shark trapped in a cage at the bottom of the sea.

[↑ Even after seeing this I am extremely interested]

– and Tibet

In that way Park Mun-dae regained his dignity in one fell swoop!

What’s interesting is that Park Moon-dae wasn’t the only one who found it interesting.

After a few minutes of group fuss.

[(Gyaaagh!)]

[Kim Rae-bin\: (It’s a surprisingly delicate-looking creature!)]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Not understanding what is being said)]

[Kim Rae-bin\: (You don’t agree! That’s possible!)]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Still not sure)]

Surprisingly despite its scary name the great white shark cage experience received favorable reviews from most members.

It was stable enough to be commercialized and because the fear threshold had already increased due to fear experiences it was accepted as fun.

Besides it was definitely an amazing and unique experience.

The course of the ‘I will do what I want to do’ team was nothing short of a healing success.

-After all it was a broadcast and doing whatever you wanted was the best haha.

Although this team member was selected with extreme consideration for broadcasting the comment was correct for the team leader.

[Cha Yu-jin\: It was me and Moon Dae-hyung!]

In the interview cut Cha Yu-jin grinned.

…Although the image of Park Moon-dae catching everything Cha Yu-jin threw behind him under the name of ‘two’ passed by the two were a team anyway.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Teamwork is the best!]

And Park Moon-dae relieves his feelings of betrayal to some extent by taking a two-shot photo of Sun Ah-hyun and the shark.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: (Like this?)]

[Park Moon-dae\: (good)]

And on the jungle speedboat that followed he showed great chemistry with Ryu Cheong-woo resolving his (alone) resentment.

Lastly to the zip line on the cliff.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Whoa-hoo!!!]

It was extremely exciting but everyone found it fun so surprisingly it didn’t cross the line of pain. And Kim Rae-bin’s full course which continued in succession soothed all the regrets of fans who expected healing.

-The youngest is the best

-Our rabbit wow how can he be so good at being filial?

Viewers enjoyed the sweet healing after a long killing. Raebin Kim surpassed Munge and became the mascot of healing.

[Mungge\: (Look and enjoy! Brothers come quickly to Korea!)]

The healing entertainment ended in a truly healing way with an outdoor shot of a beautiful starry night waving while making a video call with Munge who returned to Korea from Indonesia.

A total of 8 episodes. It was short and intense original content.

-It was really good!

-It’s perfect because he took care of everything we wanted to see happily at the endㅠㅠ

And Chilean fans achieved an unexpected victory.

-Testa enjoyed the beautiful scenery and traditional food of Chile! “True satisfaction”

-Only Chile wins (smiling emoticon)

Although I was a little disappointed.

-*Healing* (Waving shyly on the difficult 4-day 3-night Torres del Paine trekking course

And all of this usually happens when Testa does entertainment properly.

Comments from happy viewers and fans.

Park Mun-dae lay down on the bed and put down his smartphone.

I had already deleted the horror preview account that looked like it had been clumsily created to be shown on TV.

Instead the name of the monitoring account which was changed regularly flashed at the top.

-Ah this entertainment show was so good. It filled the gap between tours well… Honestly I’m so amazed and grateful that I didn’t lose my original intention with each content.

-I really want to like you for the rest of my life Testa let’s keep going like this♡ㅠㅠ

“…”

Like a sign that everything is going back to normal.

As Park Moon-dae watched the stories pouring in he felt it right again.

The confidence and realization that I am back.

“…after.”

He put down his smartphone.

The end of the tour.

For the first time in a long time he was able to sleep deeply without having nightmares about waking up in the space of that vague skeletal system again.

Testara was a complete return to orbit.

And Park Moon-dae made a decision the next day.

I agreed with the company and members’ story of ‘let’s prepare an album’ but there was something I wanted to do first.

“Big moon.”

[Oh my brother! Are you able to contact me now? What’s going on?]

“…There’s a place I want you to go to.”

[yes?]

In Park Moon-dae Ryu Geon-woo closed his eyes and spoke.

“…I want to see my parents.”

Entry into the country was quite noisy.

This was because it was my first time in the country since it was difficult to schedule a domestic schedule while filming entertainment shows during the tour.

However his actions after entering the country proceeded quietly.

Today after spending a few days doing some private schedules.

I got dressed and left the room.

“Are you going today?”

“huh.”

“Welcome back.”

Tuk. I didn’t bother to protest against Keun Se-jin who lightly hit me on the back. Instead I bumped the back of my fist into a fist and continued walking.

You can’t mobilize people from your company for this job and you can’t even use public transportation.

However Park Moon-dae cannot drive without a license. One more person was recruited.

“Are we going to that officetel first?”

“okay.”

This is Liu Chengwu who has a license and a car.

The SUV he bought just before the tour came in handy while camping.

“thanks.”

“What do you do with something like this?”

Ryu Cheong-woo who willingly gave up a day without a schedule took the wheel.

“I’m leaving.”

And after picking up Big Moon at the officetel I arrived at my destination after spending quite a bit of time on the road.

“…hello.”

It had been a very long time since I had visited a grave.

I approached the glass cabinets that filled one wall and saw white ceramics behind just one of them.

It is an ossuary.

The simple composition with the name written on it is surrounded by a few photos.

“…”

It took money to bury me and since I was a minor there was nothing I could do properly.

So when I came to my senses it ended with cremation and placement in the charnel house.

I didn’t choose the seat and the view was too high… but it’s okay now.

I lightly wiped the glass cabinet.

“hello.”

Big Moon now Ryu Geon-woo opened his mouth and lowered his head toward the charnel house.

It was something I was grateful for.

I lifted my hand opened the glass and put the bouquet of flowers I bought inside.

The space is narrow. So much so that the bouquet gets crumpled.

“If it’s okay I’d like to move to a larger location.”

“…yes yes?”

Yes what I said to you is correct.

I laughed softly.

“The place of the urn. I can’t do it so please give me an autograph. “Of course I will pay the cost.”

“…! Of course you can… no you don’t have to pay for it.”

“No I have to give it to you.”

If you don’t give it to me isn’t that a bribe?

And if I don’t give money it won’t feel like I really did it.

I put on my hat.

Since it is not a weekday or holiday there are hardly any people. Still if you get caught there will be an uproar.

‘Three is a lot.’

It feels a bit… strange that there would be a rumor that I visited my friend’s parents’ crypt.

‘It doesn’t matter.’

I raised my head took out the bouquet and took it apart. Anyway no matter how much embalming was done it was barely damaged. Take out a few flowers place them in a glass cabinet and close it.

widely.

It didn’t look bad.

It was the moment I turned my head to Ryu Chengwu to tell him I would stay a little longer.

“…!”

Are you… crying?

“brother.”

“Ah… I’m a bit sorry.”

“…”

yes.

This guy is also a relative. My parents.

I looked at the white urn without thinking and thought.

‘…That’s it.’

I don’t really think my parents will be here.

Still I can see it.

‘I’m living well so don’t worry… I’m sorry that the body you gave me has changed. Still they are doing well too.’

I hope that bringing in Ryu Geon-woo who is fine on both the inside and the outside is an extenuating factor. I smiled faintly.

Liu Chengwu also seemed to be standing calmly again after wiping the moisture from his face.

Sunlit interior.

I stood in front of the charnel house for quite some time on a quiet morning.

* * *

After changing the location of the urn to a better place the way back was quiet but the atmosphere was not uncomfortable. However I couldn’t help but ask about this.

“Your parents.”

Big Moon’s shoulders trembled slightly.

“Oh you are in the sea. “You said you wanted to do that a long time ago…”

“…okay.”

Considering the circumstances of this animal there was no cost to bury him in the charnel house so I had a suspicion that it might have been done by the officials but it stopped.

There’s no need to think about such useless thoughts…

“How about we go together when the time comes?”

“ah…”

“Is it far?”

“Oh well. “It’s Ganghwa Island but…”

I thought so.

“Then you have the weekend off.”

“omg! are you okay. “You must be busy again now…”

“Then do you want to go today?”

“…!”

The above statement was not made by me.

“You have time today. let’s go. “I’ll give you a ride.”

These are the words spoken by Liu Chengwu in the driver’s seat.

And after some persuasion the destination was finally decided.

“thanks.”

“No I’ll be seeing the sea for the first time in a while.”

The guy I saw just a month ago while filming a variety show speaks well. So I stopped by Ganghwado Island along that route.

Hwii profit-

Summer season is almost over.

The beach wasn’t completely empty of people but it was still quiet.

Thanks to this Geoldal could sit on the beach bench and look at the sea as long as he wanted.

“…”

I sat on the bench next to him in silence. I knew there was no need to talk to him.

And Liu Chengwu lowered his voice politely and said.

“I’ll go and get something for a moment.”

“What kind of guy even drove?”

But the guy didn’t listen to the answer and turned around turned his back on the beach and started heading towards the mall.

‘I am indeed.’

He was a consistent guy in many ways. That was back then.

It was then.

The sea breeze blows behind him…

somehow. It occurred to me that this cut in my field of vision seemed like a familiar scene.

And I realized it right away.

‘ah.’

That guy… came to Ganghwa Island in a variety show filmed during Steer.

The new variety show that had just started on the public airwaves did not do very well.

-Oh~ After all a national representative!

‘This comes to mind so clearly.’

The memories I recovered by destroying the system settled in my head just as they were originally.

So it’s not a strange shape that pops up all of a sudden but it comes up naturally like this once in a while.

‘Now that I think about it it’s a more unusual situation.’

I was on a team with an idol I recognized before but we were even relatives.

I’ve been using Testa for such a long time that I didn’t notice it right away but this… feels a bit strange.

What I mean is I became a meddlesome person with someone I only knew one-sidedly and we stayed together for quite a long time.

Liu Chengwu and the others too.

“…”

I put my head on the bench.

It was then.

“Park Moon-dae…?”

“…!”

“It’s a real Parkmun University.”

The time has finally come. caught.

Two high school students who came running to the beach to have fun take out their smartphones with excited faces.

“Take that picture!”

“Me too!”

“yes. wait a minute.”

Well this is it.

I lowered my mask and looked at the two people alternately into the smartphone lens.

Then Park Moon-dae’s face appears on the screen.

My parents… well they don’t look alike.

“…”

“thank you!”

“No it’s me.”

Done.

It’s been a few years so let’s not indulge in unnecessary sentimentality.

‘That damn system isn’t helpful.’

I was sure my head was filled with wind because that bastard was imitating someone else’s parents as some kind of Antarctic researcher.

‘If you knew that I earned this much you would be raising your thumb in the urn regardless of whether your face resembles it or not.’

I nodded inwardly and smiled steadily at the camera.

“Ugh please go in!!”

“yes.”

After nodding to the high school students who were leaving I clicked my tongue and turned my head away.

…at that time.

Done.

[outbreak!]

Abnormal status\: ‘If not ■■ ■■’ occurs!

“…!!”

Hologram.

What is this… wait.

“ah.”

However when I turned my head again the holographic window that seemed like an afterimage disappeared.

I took a breath.

What is this?

‘…Status window.’

Even if I brought up the status window and looked at everything it was the same.

There is no such thing as an emergency pop-up.

“…”

“brother?”

“no.”

As soon as the high school students leave Geondal talks to them on the bench next to them.

I asked hastily.

“Did you see it?”

“…?? Those guys from earlier? “Did you take a picture?”

I looked at his face. Although he is confused he doesn’t seem to be hiding his slight nervousness.

truth.

I slowly opened my mouth again.

“…okay. “I took a picture.”

“Yes… right?”

I relaxed my shoulders.

I don’t know who is best at detecting status window abnormalities so how could something like that suddenly appear to me?

‘I’m a little sick of it too.’

Maybe it’s because I’m suffering so much that I’m even hallucinating.

I clicked my tongue and adjusted my posture.

“I brought you some ice cream. Do you want to eat one?”

“Oh thank you!”

Not long after Liu Chengwu came back and I decided to cool off by eating ice cream. I was wondering if I was suffering from the heat.

But the shocking news wasn’t over yet.

“And I just got a call from the company.”

“company?”

“huh. “He says he has something serious to discuss.”

And Liu Chengwu continued speaking as if he could not understand.

“…are you saying we should postpone the album?”

what?
