---
title: "Chapter 422"
category: "book"
index: 421
section: "Chapter 422"
slug: "422"
---

# Chapter 422

Row when the water comes in.

There is no place where this formula does not work in any field of making money but this is especially true in the entertainment industry.

Even if you bring the same thing doesn’t it depend on whether it’s popular or not depending on the trend?

But now that the tide is pouring in with entertainment why is the company insisting on delaying the album that was planned and released by its affiliated label?

“A bandwagon? It’s important. However Testa is now past the point where it desperately needs to be a hot topic. “He is a top idol in name and reality.”

“…”

“Well now that I think about it I heard that the former director got into a lot of trouble by forcing Testa to produce his debut album on his own in just a month.”

“yes.”

And it was a big hit bastard.

I looked at the company director who was speaking with a puzzled look on his face.

It’s quite interesting that instead of the general manager who once screwed up the label when it became independent someone else suddenly calls someone over and starts talking.

“At that time it was important to debut quickly and have a broadcasting impact on time but now Testa is a brand in itself.”

uh.

“So I thought it would be a more Testa-level move to pay more attention to each and every detail of the album quality and raise the details.”

The director made an intelligent recommendation and Raebin Kim immediately raised his hand.

“But the current plan is not so time-sensitive compared to the past.”

The director shrugged his shoulders at the workaholic’s remark that he had even produced a movie OST draft in just a week.

I guess you already guessed it.

“But if there is enough time it is a complement. “We can discover new additions and develop again right?”

“Um… that’s right!”

Kim Rae-bin is immediately convinced by the reasonable remark. Cha Yu-jin almost looked at Kim Rae-bin with a rare look in her eyes.

Anyway having overcome one obstacle the director continues speaking in a much more calm and polite tone.

“Of course if our testers say they will release an album now the company will do our best to support it.”

Is that so?

“It’s just an opinion that this is more appropriate.”

“Is that your decision?”

“Well actually this is a story that came out after discussion at a company executive meeting. “The CEO himself even agreed to it.”

oh. Blame someone else.

Since the head of the company has experienced being treated poorly when Testa became an independent label he doesn’t turn his tongue at us like he would at his subordinates.

He just comes off like a formal and polite business partner. Like a hand to persuade investors.

“After all the testers are the most iconic and highest-selling artists of this company. “This is something we have thought a lot about.”

“thank you.”

“Thank you. “Of course it’s the agency’s job.”

He even jokes about it and seriously presents a new plan.

“Of course I am not saying that we should abandon the topicality of entertainment. “I’ve received a proposal to broadcast the live performance of Testa’s concert tour over the airwaves and I’m thinking of going ahead with this.”

The director who was originally from entertainment explained the plan quite convincingly.

The members listened to it seriously.

The atmosphere wasn’t bad.

“First of all thank you very much for your kind words. Would it be okay if we talked a little more among the members?”

“Of course.”

At Liu Chengwu’s words the director obediently let us go. As if to make a decision with ease.

So after returning to the dorm the atmosphere became like this.

“…I don’t think it was something I had to call you in such a hurry to talk about.”

“I am grateful that you are seriously considering the quality of the newly released album but I think we have been working with sufficient support recently!”

The one who muttered suspiciously and the one who accepted it with good intentions. And both of them are wondering why someone so high called them.

However the guy who understood the situation is smiling bitterly next to him.

“Ah now I want to give less.”

“what?”

“It’s an album. Even paying that is an investment.”

Yes this is the core of the agency’s story.

-I won’t release the album.

Bae Se-jin raises his eyebrows at Keun Se-jin’s calm words.

“…This company has a lot of money.”

“Well even if it’s not money… things like good manpower and promotional ideas are limited right? That’s it~”

The moment when the question mark on Bae Se-jin’s face turns into an exclamation mark.

I came to a conclusion.

“It is more profitable for the company to just go on tour and invest in raising the weight of groups that have a lot of contract time remaining.”

“…!!”

My eyes are going to pop out.

No looking at it again not only Bae Se-jin but also Kim Rae-bin and Sun Ah-hyun have similar facial expressions.

“Then if we continue like this…”

“yes.”

This is the reality of first-tier idols whose contract period is not far away.

“From now on we will begin to focus on maximizing the consumption power of our fans rather than a new album.”

“…!”

“As for the album… I’ll give you one early next year after seeing the nuances of renewing my contract.”

It is fortunate that there is no album contract in Japan. Otherwise I would have only rolled it from that side.

Bae Se-jin’s face cools.

“…I don’t understand we set up a label… If we renew our contract we will stay so why are we doing this? “What if we renew the contract right away?”

That won’t work. There is a defect in the terms of the contract.

Because the one who bows first and enters first is the one who suffers the loss.

Moreover if the conditions are good it is a problem. Big Sejin shakes his head and opens his mouth.

“When a contract is renewed the ratio is usually adjusted so that the artist is paid more. From the company’s perspective the return on investment is lower!”

“…!!”

yes. The better the singer’s settlement the more the company loses.

Moreover there are more practical problems.

“Even if we exclude that I think we’ll still be behind in album investment.”

“why??”

I admitted it.

A painful reality.

“We are going to the military too.”

“…”

Because V-Tik is not something of the future.

Because we debuted older than them. Still I can rub it in for a few more years.

I waited for the person who had to go first to digest the shock before continuing.

“And from the perspective of growing a company investing in a rising company looks more attractive than a group that is already afloat.”

“…okay?”

“yes. Shareholders only like new businesses with good prospects. “The superiors also like it because they feel competent.”

This will be especially true for the board of directors who the head of the division is having a lot of trouble with now that they are suffering from business disease.

They even signed a contract with Testa telling them to stop meddling with the company because they would make money so the moment their juniors become more popular Testa will become a cash cow.

Conclusion.

-From a business perspective I now want to grow a new group with the money I raised from Testa!

“Whoa…”

“Oh my brother take a deep breath.”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned bright red but finally calmed down.

I should also tell you some good news.

“But I think you can finally pursue acting in earnest.”

Instead of an album I will gradually diversify it into individual activities.

I raised both fists and cheered.

“go for it.”

“I’ve already done enough…!”

Bae Se-jin gloomily sinks into the sofa muttering “Psycho Pass” four times in a row. It looks like the acting experience he had in the fake world of the system has not gone anywhere.

Liu Chengwu laughs as if he is a little embarrassed and makes a suggestion.

“But we said we wouldn’t stop us from releasing an album so shall we prepare it?”

“I’m not going to stop it it’s as if I’m going to hand it over but the schedule will continue to be pushed back and postponed due to sudden circumstances at the company.”

“…”

Even if the affiliated label plans independently the company ultimately sets the release schedule.

‘There are a lot of excuses.’

Maybe it overlaps with another artist in the company or the timing is bad…

Then if you’re lucky you manage to pay one before renewing your contract but even then the promotions are a bit poor… Isn’t that the typical route?

“Well actually I expected this far.”

I’ve been anticipating this development since I heard these bastards said they should postpone the album because it’s a season.

But there is one more thing.

“This means you won’t say anything until the end.”

I chuckled. Kim Rae-bin who had an open mouth and a blank expression as if denying the world asks in disbelief.

“Is there… again?”

“uh.”

I brought my laptop from my room. A few people are chasing me why am I doing this when there is no need to do this?

Anyway I loaded the file on the screen and opened it.

“This is our company T1 Stars’ plan for the fourth quarter of this year.”

“Where do you get something like this from Mundaemundae?”

“It was announced at the shareholders’ meeting.”

All you need is the contact information of an employee who has permission to access the company document box.

anyway.

“If you look at the monthly plan there… Yes October.”

This is the exact section where we originally planned to release the album this time.

“…!!”

“this.”

I nodded.

“It’s a spacer.”

[Mid-October – Release of Spacer’s 1st full-length album / Target to increase overseas sales]

That’s right. This was to prevent Testa from taking over the existing spacer album release plan.

This is not the end.

“Then how are these pictures connected?…”

I said shaking my hand off the mouse.

“Do you remember earlier that instead of making a comeback with our album we scheduled a performance to be broadcast over the airwaves?”

“Ugh.”

“It will definitely sound different once it materializes.”

Well it would be difficult to broadcast the entire concert considering copyright and VOD sales rates so let’s only do some of the performances.

…And anyway let’s fill the free time with other groups instead.

For example this agency’s new male group.

spacer.

“We will expand the broadcast of our performance into the second part of the agency’s special include them and make a comeback with that buzz.”

“…!!”

In short it is the start of a generational change in which fans expect to switch to spacers during our gap year.

At that moment Bae Se-jin came to his senses and shouted.

“Now wait a minute Park Moon-dae you said last time that the company wouldn’t do anything like generational change yet…! “Because we’re renewing our contract!”

“Yes I thought so.”

“…”

…I thought they wouldn’t try something like this even if it was a waste of the goose that lays the golden eggs since they had established a good friendly relationship.

It seems like they are slowly losing ground and dissatisfaction is building up because they have made it independent as a label so that no one can get involved.

‘These bastards dare to use transfer tricks.’

And so blatantly.

“Woooo!”

“…Isn’t this against the principle of good faith? “I think we can argue but how can I put pressure on him or something…”

“hmm. “It seems difficult.”

It seems that Bae Se-jin’s options have expanded a lot after trying to get the CEO of an actor’s agency to commit a plaster crime.

But it’s hard to cause a dispute with the company over something like this.

“In the first place this isn’t about fighting with your agency.”

“…then?”

“They just release the album late. “I got pushed down by priorities.”

In fact it means that no matter where you go it is a natural flow for any agency that nurtures new talent. It’s not that this agency is particularly vicious.

“…”

Bae Se-jin sat down on the sofa again with a sinking face. Even those around me get a wry smile and one comment at a time.

“It’s difficult.”

“Sure.”

“…I didn’t know you would worry like this after going through such a supernatural experience.”

“Even heroes who save the world have their own issues. “We just have to win again!”

Cha Yu-jin shrugs.

It may be disillusioning to see that you worked so hard to achieve success only to be filled with people who want to take advantage of you but isn’t that what capitalism is all about?

As expected the atmosphere became a little better with his neat remarks as befits a guy from a country that is the headquarters of capitalism.

“Okay again… there will be a number.”

“That’s right we have a door stand.”

“…?”

Anyone who sees me will think I’m a goblin’s bat.

Of course I wanted to give up like this and refuse to release a new album until next year. Raising the quality of the album isn’t a bad thing… but isn’t that the goal of these bastards?

It’s like they’re slowly using up the fans they have and just sucking the sweet water out of them.

‘These bastards think they’re the only ones paying money to make it happen.’

It was time to click my tongue.

“excuse me.”

“hmm?”

Sun Ah-hyun raised her hand. And he says it quite emphatically.

“Wouldn’t it be okay if we did better than those spacers?”

“…!”

“Ohh.”

“Well… if we do better and show a great performance during the live performance. that. The company might change their minds too. Because it doesn’t work…!”

It was quite an extreme statement for something that Sun Ah-hyun made but it was standard. This is also the method we have been using so far.

In a head-on fight just take off the rank insignia stick with it and crush it.

But this time the case is a little different.

“Still Spacer will benefit.”

The reason is simple.

‘Because they’re not in the same weight class to begin with.’

Are you hanging out with the dogs?

It is natural that we do better. This is just a situation where you have to do overwhelmingly well to break even.

Conversely since they are in the same agency they can receive the halo effect of being a ‘direct junior of a group that is so good’ and take care of other demands.

“Uhm…”

“I see. sorry…”

“Oh no but it was a cool and refreshing way.”

“that’s right! “It was great!”

“okay.”

While Sun Ah-hyun is receiving encouragement Ryu Cheong-woo asks the members directly.

“Then you want to refuse to broadcast the live performance at all?”

“hmm.”

Surprisingly there are quite a few people who are so upset that they even consider such drastic options.

But not everyone is like that.

“for a moment! Our thoughts are too focused on one side right now. Should we each think about it a little more and talk about it? “I just need to keep preparing for the album~”

“Oh that’s right.”

You did a good job cutting it off when you needed it.

When our eyes met Big Sejin shook his head slightly as if he had no answer but whatever he said got through to me.

Because the meeting ended there.

“Let’s get some rest.”

“yes.”

Each member left with a look of deep thought…

“hmm.”

I sat there clenched my chin and made a phone call.

The cleanest method here without any other conflicts. Actually there is.

‘It’s about eliminating substitutes.’

That means sending away the spacer.

A way to eliminate the option so that you have no choice but to invest only in Testa.

-…

“…”

-… That brother. Shall I use the wish ticket now? Should I use it!?

“no. “Save it.”

Spacer Kwon Hee-seung’s long sigh of relief can be heard over the speaker.

I was calling to ask if this guy knew about the live performance of the concert but he was quick to notice.

‘…I owe this guy something.’

Now that I think about it it might be right to look at it more long-term.

In the future this agency will pick up all groups that come out through survival programs on Tnet so there are many investment options even if you are not a spacer.

‘I need to approach it from a different direction.’

That’s what I concluded.

And in the meantime the agency began to show schedules that were more and more as expected.

“I heard they might be adding to the tour schedule?”

This was the first step.
