---
title: "Chapter 423"
category: "book"
index: 422
section: "Chapter 423"
slug: "423"
---

# Chapter 423

Raebin Kim opened his mouth with a nervous face.

“To sum up when our live performance is broadcast demand is expected to increase due to the promotional effect so the company plans to launch a kind of encore tour accordingly. “Is it true that you are planning additional concerts?”

“okay.”

“But this is all a planned route and is it somehow… a conspiracy to make it acceptable for us to go on tour further without backlash?”

“It’s similar.”

It’s not a conspiracy it’s just a trick to please people.

Raebin Kim then looked vain as if he had realized that his company was a global drug smuggling organization.

Anyway I understand.

“Wouldn’t fans be suspicious too? “If you don’t keep releasing our albums like this.”

“Even if fans are suspicious public opinion won’t be formed because they don’t know much.”

In fact I think there is a high probability that even fans who enjoy the content lightly will not even think about it that far.

Just looking at Testa it makes no sense in terms of market economy not to release an album. I’m just wondering if I’m late because I’m filling the album with my own songs.

“It’s not like we have a lot of experience or our last album’s performance was bad.”

“…I see. “If we count ourselves it’s only been four years.”

In fact objectively Testa is in the beginning of his prime having just won the grand prize and ascended to a first-tier idol in name and reality.

Big Sejin smiled bitterly.

“But it’s a 5-year contract not a 7-year contract so there’s nothing we can do about it.”

okay.

The problem is that abnormal 5-year contract and…

‘The point is that it is an agency affiliated with a broadcasting station that can endlessly produce new groups with considerable reputation through survival programs.’

We created a label to prevent them from taking away our planning staff but everyone is sighing when they don’t schedule activities.

“Still it’s a bit awkward to tour like this haphazardly.”

“I love that performance! But I can’t lose. “We are now boycotting the tour.”

“Isn’t the boycott a bit strange from the perspective of the person doing it? “But it’s our meeting.”

“Can’t I just say I don’t want to do it because I don’t want to…?”

They are protesting that they will not go on tour.

I touched my chin and predicted a future where that would become a reality.

[Famous male idol group…”We won’t be holding a concert” riot in the conference room]

-Who is it?

-Some initial consonants

-I heard under the circumstances is this nonsense trustworthy?

-It’s just a rumor but if it’s true isn’t it ㄹㅈㄷ;

“Because they are uncooperative I think they are less willing to renew the contract so I think they will try to beat them up in the media to lower the price.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin’s expression became odd as if a bad memory had passed through her.

“I know.”

okay. At the beginning of my debut I looked at the case of my former agency like X and looked up some information. Those bastards are a bit special so it’s rare that they don’t do it at all.

Anyway that’s why we decided to wait for the right time rather than refuse to watch a live concert on the airwaves.

“Preparations for the album are continuing.”

“okay.”

And as expected the broadcast changed at some point from our concert to distributing part of the set list to guests.

“These kids are really…”

“As expected the door handle is a pair of tweezers~”

In addition it was assigned in a clever style that did not call it an agency concert at all like the last time using the language of ‘the agency’s juniors appearing on the auxiliary stage.’

The title is that the Testa performance was correct.

‘I guess I want to use the whole Testa topic.’

If you’re not annoyed you’re not human but it’s difficult to deny it.

Since there are people with a stake in the concert such as broadcasting companies and investment companies if we drag it out over copyright issues we will only accumulate an angry image for no benefit.

‘You have to aim for one shot.’

Before that I need to humble myself a bit and say that I don’t really know the full picture of how things are going.

“Let’s practice.”

“of course. Now let’s all adjust the angle of the feet again.”

And while I was refining the concert stage for broadcast… I got a phone call from a company representative that I wasn’t expecting.

From juniors.

But it wasn’t a spacer.

-Hello senior!

Mirinae Park Min-ha is the idol who came in second place on Azusa.

The purpose was to ‘inquire about the auxiliary stage’ but when I actually answered the phone he said something else.

-I…

“yes.”

-Senior I have something important to say to you. First of all I apologize for taking up your time. Can I take your time?…?! No sleep.

“yes.”

But why are you so embarrassed again?

“I don’t think it’s a waste of time just get to the point.”

-…! Yes it’s no different…

Mirinae got straight to the point.

-Is there any way to move other groups in the company to your label?

“…!”

They called it ‘another group’ but in reality there is only one group that juniors will ask about.

Themselves.

“Are you talking about Mirinae?”

-… Yes. Including us. Since it’s basically the same company I was wondering if there was a way to change the affiliation even if the ratios and such remained the same…

As expected.

‘But you should ask the label representative why are you asking me?’

As expected I was a little nervous because I thought the announcement that I was appearing under a label at an awards ceremony was too strong but for now I just explained common sense.

“You could just put in conditions when renewing the contract. But isn’t Mirinae’s contract renewal still more than a year or two away?”

-ah. hmm.

The voice lowers slightly and hesitates.

‘hmm.’

Is this by any chance?

I deliberately asked this out loud.

“Is there another problem now?”

-That’s actually…

Take a deep breath.

-I think the album… will be pushed back a lot.

“…”

-Many of our staff members have recently moved out due to personnel reshuffle.

yes.

“You didn’t quit the company but went to another team.”

-… yes.

I get the idea. But our case here is slightly different.

-There is a new group that will debut under this agency this time. Those who debuted on the &lt;B My Girls&gt; program.

“ah.”

What this junior was talking about was Tnet’s new survival program that just ended. The broadcasting station couldn’t give up the idol survival taste.

Although it did not have the same impact and buzz as Azusa it managed to perform well overseas and thanks to that it secured a basic fan base.

And from what I see on the internet…

[A survival program where the final debut group is said to be the best hope ever]

As soon as the debut group list was published I saw an article saying that the number of people interested had increased significantly.

A new group with a clean and secured fan base that doesn’t have the image of a maknae like ‘Azusa’? They are probably excited and are adding manpower.

And where did the manpower come from?

They ripped off people who worked in the same field.

-The people we worked with left… The album production was in progress but has now stopped.

So this is not a question of the contract renewal period at all.

This means that as an attractive new business item emerges even the existing planning personnel are hired and assigned to it.

Since there is no separation of labels here it is difficult for singers to defend even if they take it all the way. They are company personnel from the beginning.

then.

‘I think they probably talked about adding a tour as well.’

Among the guests we included in our concert Mirinae was definitely one.

Here too we will talk about the promotional effects set up a tour and save time and money until we hire new planning staff. Because it is a group with a good overseas fan base.

Even if you catch it in advance they won’t tell you in advance.

There probably aren’t that many idols who welcome the fact that they’ll be on tour all year long.

Anyway Mirinae’s second place continued speaking quite calmly.

-If it’s an independent label there are separate employees so I thought things might be a little different from ours… so I was going to ask what it would be like.

It was an honest answer without a half-hearted laugh. It looks like they took the situation quite seriously.

‘I think he guessed that we were in a similar situation.’

Still no matter how similar your situation may be you would be reluctant to say this to a senior from another group.

‘I recognize your guts.’

Still there is no way for you to change affiliation now. Even if I know I won’t say anything.

“Even if it is independent it is ultimately a subsidiary so there is nothing special about it. And as for moving it now… I’m not really sure because I’m not an employee with that kind of authority.”

-… Oh yes! sorry. I told you this too suddenly!

But before that a pretty good idea occurred to me.

After listening to this case one thing became clear.

‘In the end the company turns its attention to new projects that seem promising.’

“…”

Hmm worth thinking about.

Let’s make some ground food first.

-I should have organized my thoughts more before contacting you but I made a mistake in my first greeting and showed a bad side of myself. I will be more careful from now on!

“it’s okay.”

Anyone who sees me will think I am his boss. I held back a sigh and started laying the groundbait.

“And about the album.”

-… yes.

“Now that I think about it I don’t think there are any ways to make a profit even if you don’t transfer to a label.”

-…!

“Are you willing to cooperate? “I can’t say it’s not dangerous at all.”

There was a short silence on the other end of the phone and then a question was asked.

-What kind of danger is it?

In fact I’m saying that I will do it if I can.

I laughed and opened my mouth.

“The risk of the agency disappearing.”

“…?!”

* * *

“So the Testa side has been sorted out?”

“yes. “We will proceed as is without any other special issues.”

T1 Stars’ largest conference room.

Working-level staff attended the general meeting on Monday morning and talked busily.

To be precise it is the time when directors nod their heads every time they say something give a plausible answer and expect time to pass quickly.

“As much as possible we need to secure a time slot rather than a running time. “Isn’t that right?”

“Yes yes…”

This week’s topic is a story about the planning of Concert Version 2 a production company disguised as the Testa Concert which will be broadcast over the airwaves.

And the story about hiring came and went for a moment but… Anyway.

A public relations employee who had bright eyes with many years of experience but seemed to be going crazy from boredom suddenly thought.

‘Now that I think about it why do I do this on public broadcasting instead of Tnet?’

These broadcasting rights were taken away from them as soon as word got out.

The employee became more puzzled because he couldn’t think of a suitable answer but he soon deleted it.

What do you know? It was enough for him to just get his salary.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“I ask everyone to pay more attention this week.”

If you come out of the conference room quietly and unnoticed listening to what you hear every time then you can walk down the hallway with people of similar rank and get to know each other.

“So now the spacer is riding the line?”

“I guess so I guess?”

Gossip about promotions and conflicts between departments and teams.

“There has been a lot of talk about the label being promoted by T1 but to be honest I have no idea what will happen…”

“Ah but the people at Orbit look good.”

“that’s right! Honestly isn’t it obvious that the workplace isn’t there? Normally it is normal to say that you will die at all costs~”

Every time I met people from Testa’s label ‘Orbit’ the employees’ faces became busy as they remembered how they looked nice and relaxed.

‘Planning is fun’ ‘autonomy is high’ ‘I heard the artist has a good personality’ etc.

There are stories of typical good workplaces but there are also evil worries that one’s career will sink if one becomes an isolated island.

I guess it’s because the way the company is run right now is complicated.

‘You don’t know who will rise and what will fail.’

Wouldn’t it be the same to push a new group instead of Testa which is starting to do well now?

Ah the entertainment business!

Even when we sit down we continue to talk about it through messenger.

-That Shiki has a nice face tooㅡㅡ

-Oh my god.

This is what the head of the management office said as he passed by.

That guy who has established himself through the number of cases related to the Testa dedicated team still has a nice face.

The employee thought indifferently.

Maybe Testa is like that too?

‘Yes I made a lot of money… I heard the tour settlement is no joke.’

I thought it might be better if we made a comeback a little later. They say that if you go on tour you can go out on weekdays when there are no performances.

‘Whatever it is I’m sure he’s a better seller than me.’

So let’s just do the work we get paid for. Just as much as you get paid!

The staff once again checked and refined Spacer’s materials for press distribution.

At that time I had no idea that a director suddenly received an urgent verbal report and immediately called for an emergency meeting in a state of excitement.

And no matter how all the uncertainties played out the ‘Testa Concert’ plan was successfully realized and the broadcast date began to steadily approach.
