---
title: "Chapter 424"
category: "book"
index: 423
section: "Chapter 424"
slug: "424"
---

# Chapter 424

“Is the landing okay when I turn here?”

“huh. But let’s be careful with our arms.”

The very next season of Testa from Azusa Mirinae a junior was busy preparing for the broadcast stage.

Even if it is a side stage for senior Testa’s live concert.

Of course it felt uncomfortable.

‘Isn’t it past time for us to get involved in something like this?’

I’m not trying to be arrogant but I’m just saying that it’s common sense.

Mirina is not a rookie idol who has not established herself at all and no matter how you think about it riding the bus to a performance by a senior of a different gender was counterproductive.

‘Still does Spacer want to benefit?’

The idols were not stupid and knew what picture their agency was drawing.

Feeling a little confused Mirinae’s member performed a solo dance.

“after!”

Even though she may not be as good as Yulgi who is the center in terms of popularity and visual image shouldn’t she do as much as she is given as the main dancer?

And a member with quite a lot of screen time like you was right next to you looking at the pad with a serious look on your face.

Park Min-ha debuted in second place in “Azusa”.

He was a member that I was thankful for and felt a little pity for as he was almost acting as a leader in a group that had no leader in particular.

However movement has been a bit odd recently.

‘…Minha are you in a relationship?’

It was a few days ago that I saw him often fidgeting with his smartphone or sneaking out with a determined look on his face.

And most importantly I unintentionally overheard Park Min-ha secretly talking on the manager’s smartphone in the bathroom of the dorm.

-Hey senior.

And what echoed through the narrow tiled wall was clearly a man’s voice with a calm voice that was pleasant to listen to.

-are you okay.

I knew who it was.

‘Park Moon-dae… ’

Testa main vocalist AKA Mundaengdaeng.

“okay!”

The member stopped and wiped his forehead.

To be honest I could understand if he developed romantic feelings as a member of the opposite sex.

‘He was handsome.’

In the first place the overall average value of the tester was ridiculously good.

‘It’s a fraud.’

Rather than my heart pounding the sense of crisis as someone from the same survival world was more of an alarm.

We’re screwed… It’s not like we’re screwed but I hope we do better. The members of Mirinae finished practicing while thinking darkly.

“Shall we give Minha some water? “Would you like some water?”

“Oh it’s okay. “Sister.”

And that was when I sat leaning against the mirrored wall with my earphones in listening to the conversation between Jeong Yul-gi and Park Min-ha.

“Hey Harin.”

“huh?”

Park Min-ha who was sitting next to me spoke up.

But the expression on his face is a bit strange.

It feels like something… has been decided?

“Even if it’s a little dangerous… no.”

“…??”

“No it’s nothing. “I guess I was mistaken!”

Even if it’s a little dangerous… what?

‘You didn’t mean to introduce me to someone good enough to take the risk right?’

A feeling of anxiety creeped up but I ignored it.

Park Min-ha whom he had seen so far was not the type of person who would introduce someone and say the same thing but the person who was worried that such a member might appear.

‘Still let’s give it a try.’

The member rolled his eyes and opened his mouth.

“Minha I’m just asking… Are you in a relationship with that… senior?”

“Huh? who?”

The member whispered. ‘Park Mun-dae.’

The first-tier male idol in name and reality!

And Park Min-ha…

“no.”

I looked with a straight face.

“Never say something like that anywhere. Absolutely not. “It can’t happen.”

I thought you were rapping.

“Oh okay…”

I really don’t think so. The member was completely convinced as he saw Park Min-ha acting as if he had heard that she was dating a ghost who crawled up from hell.

‘So what was that call about?’

I think the atmosphere was very tense and good. Member Seong Ha-rin shrugged her shoulders and continued practicing.

‘…I’m not practicing the new song.’

Thinking about the title choreography for the new album which has been postponed indefinitely and is not even mentioned these days.

And a few days later.

For the first time in a while I had a schedule that wasn’t a practice or event.

“What is this?”

“Ah something like a pictorial and advertisement.”

It seemed like it was a fashion magazine job.

‘Besides all that I think he’s in a strangely bad state.’

Members of Mirinae keenly checked their fabrics and lines but no matter what work is work.

I’ll take another picture.

I was thinking that when I entered the filming set.

“Oh this is Senior Testa.”

“…!”

I met Testa who was slowly finishing filming and getting ready to leave. Perhaps filming was scheduled here at the previous time.

“hello.”

“hello!”

‘oh.’

The clothes here are also ambiguous but the clothes hanger and face are nice so the figure is good.

‘Wow I really wonder how you manage it.’

The member looked at Kim Rae-bin passing by with a straight bow and thought inadvertently then realized that he was wearing a similar outfit to his own.

And I sighed.

‘Are we really going to do an ad together again?’

When I remembered a smart device commercial and all the ridicule I received at the beginning of my debut I almost felt mentally shaken but I held back thanks to my many years of experience.

All I have to do is do well!

“Wait a moment.”

“yes~”

Mirinae moved to the waiting area provided on the side without making a sound.

“I’ll adjust the fit of the outfit one more time~”

“yes yes!”

But the moment when Jeong Yul-gi got up for the first turn and excitedly left to get ready…

Park Min-ha carefully went out the back door.

As if he was secretly meeting someone.

“…?”

If it’s someone you can secretly meet at this filming location for a moment… no if it’s a group doesn’t just one thing come to mind?

‘Isn’t this… too much of a signal?’

No way no way!

Seong Ha-rin secretly chased after Park Min-ha without realizing it. To prevent an unexpected catastrophe.

And I actually witnessed it.

Park Min-ha and Park Moon-dae standing in the hallway!

“…!”

Hey these… come to think of it aren’t they identical copies? Oh no. Let’s calm down. The member looked away in surprise and calmly assessed the situation.

Although we stood a little closer there was no physical contact. Still there is that strange tension.

If you listen to the conversation…

“Sir can’t this be what you said last time…”

“yes. But I didn’t know it would be like this.”

“…All right!”

…It seems like they’re secret agents plotting some kind of plot let alone a relationship they just heard about.

Seong Ha-rin’s pupils closed but then she sighed and fell down the hallway.

‘Eh I don’t know.’

Anyway I’m not a kid who would do anything foolish so I thought it would be a good idea for me to do something like this. Even now I felt like I had crossed a line a little.

‘It’s a bit weird to ask Minha such questions.’

I just have to work hard at being an idol. With that in mind she returned to the waiting room and continued filming without incident.

After monitoring from time to time fortunately the photos seemed to come out pretty well.

‘This is what a day like this is!’

She naturally accessed SNS.

————————

Today’s Harin accepts it (flaming emoticon)

————————

We already received permission for the clothes used in the pictorial saying there would be no problem if they were raised to a level that slightly exposes the upper body…

…clothes?

‘Wait a minute!’

Feeling ominous she stopped uploading for a moment.

And when I searched for an account and checked it in order of most recent… As expected!

————————

It’s hot but I’m holding on (eye-rolling emoticon) (flaming emoticon)

(picture)

————————

‘Ugh!’

It was Testa’s SNS.

The moment of Lee Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin laughing mischievously and Park Moon-dae looking at them with incomprehensible eyes was appropriately humorous and colorful.

‘You filmed it first and uploaded it first!’

Of course the composition was similar.

Identical emojis with similar clothing accessory backgrounds? This was a controversial reservation.

No matter how much the schedules overlapped it would be explained later but it couldn’t be rumored to be a romance or an affair even for a moment.

‘Oh I’m so annoyed!’

Remembering the disgusting rumor-promoting videos on WeTube member Mirinae gritted her teeth and deleted the SNS she was trying to upload.

‘It will float…!’

If I become an idol whose music is better than Testa’s and there are dating rumors I’ll be told that I’m a waste.

Even though he felt that the possibility of realization was remote isn’t ambition meant to be burned in the first place?

Then it suddenly occurred to me that I also had a junior.

‘…Are they going to film this too?’

This is the new group of women who ripped off the older and older women they worked with.

Seong Ha-rin hesitated for a moment and decided not to think about it any further.

‘Let’s practice.’

Because that’s something you can’t do on your own. It was better to do the best I could at what I could do.

And Seong Harin’s somewhat gloomy speculation was revealed to be true through an article a few days later.

[〈T1-Stars〉

[Reborn as an idol brand clothing from the famous survival brand Tnet… Innovative attempt by ‘Tussle A’]

With media reports full of flashy rhetoric.

To summarize the story it was this.

-T1 Stars launches a collaboration line with a clothing brand! We are considering having our idols directly participate in the design of exclusive models.

‘Oh as expected.’

This agency did it on their own and it sucked.

Seong Ha-rin nodded. And after thinking about it there I decided not to waste my emotions by clicking on the rookie group’s pictorial cuts or browsing the comments.

So I didn’t know.

[Did you see this? T1 idol clothes (12)]

[I thought they were crazy about money but they really do all kinds of things… (7)]

[Please design Raebin Kim (8)]

[But I like good goods haha (3)]

A series of nervous yet appropriate reactions…

[This article is a bit strange (534)]

It means that things have changed considerably since this point.

So a while later on the day of the Testa concert broadcast.

[Clothes that only idols can wear such a blatant classization of fashion]

When these articles started pouring in.

[“Platinum status is not something you can wear”…The impact Tnet’s Survival had on us]

[T1 Stars fans begin boycott… A mistake by &lt;Tussle A&gt;?]

While backstage waiting for the live broadcast the members of Mirinae were a little embarrassed by the noise.

‘Wow it’s crazy’

Even the manager answered the phone and ran.

She also knew that boycotting the agency was a common occurrence. But for some reason the atmosphere was unusual.

‘what?’

In fact these articles did not suddenly start appearing.

She who had been off the Internet for a few days did not know that there was an uproar on SNS and even on WeTube and that what had been boiling like lava had finally come out.

“Ah… um.”

“now. “Focus on the stage!”

And looking at the atmosphere it seems that the agency is being criticized not us so the members quickly change the atmosphere.

she saw

Park Min-ha is sweating and creaking.

“…?”

The pressure of a leader…?

“Minha are you surprised? what’s the matter.”

“…No I’m a bit surprised!”

Park Min-ha was startled but immediately put on a stern expression. The energetic chick-like appearance did not seem like a fatally dangerous situation.

‘I think it’s okay?’

“Just a little makeup touch-up here.”

“yes.”

A stylist came in to fix Park Min-ha’s cold sweat.

And then.

“Please give me some light here.”

“Yes yes.”

Testa Park Moon-dae. I could see him passing through the hallway chatting with staff through the open waiting room door.

And Seong Harin saw it. His gaze glances at Park Min-ha for a moment as if checking.

“…!”

It was a light glance as if it were just a passing glance but Seong Ha-rin stiffened slightly in shock.

‘That guy… didn’t he just laugh?’

The misunderstanding deepened again.

* * *

“It’s a commotion.”

“Sure.”

While waiting for a special stage to be broadcast after the pre-recorded concert the bomb finally exploded.

Of course the staff are still in good order and there are no problems but it is clearly visible in the behavior of company officials.

We are waiting right behind the stage without a smartphone so there is no way to check.

“Hmm I guess there’s an article popping up.”

Kim Rae-bin raised her hand at Keun Se-jin’s words.

“Should I consider the possibility that this is the kind of problem that would require modifications to the stage?”

It was a question that was needed right away. and.

“no.”

Liu Chengwu made a refreshingly clear statement.

“Just do what you originally wanted to do and come back.”

A smile spreads among them.

“Good.”

“All right!”

And when the standby sign came on.

“You’re doing great bro!”

Cha Yu-jin slapped Sun Ah-hyeon on the back. The guy who got hit looked a little surprised but immediately answered firmly.

“okay.”

That damn system virtual reality made people tired but that doesn’t mean there weren’t any good things about returning to reality.

‘chamberlain.’

For example the years of experience he has gained as a professional ballerina.

“Viewers will be really surprised.”

And whether the agency is overturned or not it goes on air in 12 minutes.

Sun Ah-hyun started the intro solo dance.
