---
title: "Chapter 425"
category: "book"
index: 424
section: "Chapter 425"
slug: "425"
---

# Chapter 425

Kim Rae-bin’s fan was checking Testa’s trends as usual.

Although she treats it as bullshit to call a tour that barely features fancams a piece of cake she had quite high expectations this time.

‘If it appears on TV it will be recognized as a piece of cake.’

The problem was that when I opened the lid I realized that ‘Testa’s Concert’ wasn’t the only content!

[Spacer – To the World]

‘It’s really hard to tie a sale.’

She was holding back her anger and watching the airwaves on TV for the first time in a long time.

[Make some noise!]

The opening and first few stages were real live concerts but it made people angry when other groups came out in the middle where the VCR and concert event stage were supposed to be. Especially if they have fans who talk like this!

-Toe Star… It sticks well.

-It looks like he will become a variety show idol like T-Holic. Haha. Let’s chat with the young and handsome young space boys while they are idols.

– Call it popularity read it as image consumption. No subject.

‘You crazy bastards!’

Because they were criticized so much their aggressive opinions came out like an awl like a cornered mouse biting a cat but anyway what you see is an awl.

Of course he gritted his teeth and refuted it as coolly as possible.

-A rare scene where they insist that Mandol is a rising star and call the Gadgi 1st team obsolete.

Since it is a survival group in the first place there is no such thing as ‘we are in the same agency and even our juniors love each other’ except for those who are truly passionate about survival.

Since Testa came out with a label it would be nice to treat each other as if they were strangers but the agency has been especially hard to encourage transfers in the past and past months.

And now there is some result.

-oh

-It’s pretty good.

-The stage is fun but why the hell?

“Fuck…!”

The general public’s interest and favorable response to Spacer’s guest performance!

Even fans can’t criticize it outright. Because it was a public broadcast stage at 11pm even non-fans were flocking to the stage.

‘There will be part-time jobs provided by the agency.’

If I didn’t think that way I would get so angry that I couldn’t stand it.

…and that wasn’t the only problem.

-Shouldn’t T1 idols also be boycotted?

-Aren’t you ashamed of yourself if you spend like this after making it public? Haha.

Those aggro figures that appear one by one on the page.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan muttered while making harsh comments like ‘You’re blaming the victim.’

‘Be good.’

They have always been good at important times but this time they had to do really well.

Especially in situations like now.

[—]

The screen changed and the owner of the title of this performance finally appeared again.

The lighting changes from a feverish concert hall to a quiet stage.

widely.

White and pale lighting.

A color like moonlight illuminates the stage shining gently like the surface of the water.

And what appears is a dancer.

Ballerino.

Cutting through the silence a slender dancer with her face covered by a white mask over a classic black Poet shirt began a solo dance.

To a melody that hasn’t been heard in a while but is familiar to fans.

(It’s quiet now

Songs and dreams

Forget everything)

The elegant cello melody of ‘Midnight and Next’ which was the title of Testa’s first full-length album filled the speakers along with the piano and string instruments.

(It’s midnight here.

your midnight)

There are no lyrics but I feel like I can hear the lyrics.

It strikes an exquisite balance between existing choreography and classical ballet with movement and expressiveness of an eerie quality that is close to that of an art performance.

Yes it’s all good.

‘…But what about Testa?’

No are they even selling ballerinas now? Are you even doing a ballet survival show on Tnet?

Kim Rae-bin’s fan who was watching with his mouth open for a moment as if fascinated eventually burst out in anger.

The music ends with the ballerino standing gracefully on the edge of the stage slowly straightening her body.

And the white hand on the black sleeve takes off the mask…

[Midnight Intro – Sunahyeon (TeSTAR))

-????

-uh

-Seon Ah-hyeon?

-It’s a steamed ballerina.

-It’s Ahyeon.

“…??”

What is this?

Kim Rae-bin’s fans thought their eyes were popping out.

But it was a real situation. If it’s not a composite does that mean the ballerina who just appeared on screen is Sun Ah-hyun?

“…”

Check again and it is correct.

This is even a live… live broadcast?

She recalled the body of the ballerino wearing the mask earlier and saw Sun Ah-hyun with her bangs slicked back on the screen where a magnificent orchestra was playing.

‘…Looking at it again it definitely looks like Sun Ah-hyun’s body.’

He said he didn’t know because he didn’t like Sun Ah-hyun very much and Sun Ah-hyun’s fans probably had their own reasons for not making a fuss about it.

Because it was at a level that was impossible according to common sense!

Even to an outsider this means that there was no separate professional ballet performance.

‘When did you practice this?’

No can this be said to be a short practice? Even though Sun Ah-hyun majored in modern dance she only briefly studied ballet when she was young!

“ah!”

At that moment there was a card that passed by like lightning.

As soon as the tour began this word was circulated not only to Sun Ah-hyun but also to the entire Testa community!

-The kids’ atmosphere seemed to have changed a bit in a good way… I should say that there seemed to be more density on stage. Anyway I definitely recommend seeing this tour in person.

-There are definitely subtle changes that cannot be conveyed through fancam.

-Did the kids really go camping and do waterfall training or something? Hahaha.

‘I thought they were encouraging a sense of relative deprivation by arguing with each other because they had the votes.’

It seems like they really went into some kind of awakening state.

‘I heard there are people like that among athletes.’

-Wow I’m tired of crazy Django’s form~

-Hey shut up!

Kim Rae-bin’s fan nodded inwardly recalling the commotion… but not the argument he had with his younger brother.

Very happy.

‘Everyone in this group has to do well first. If you don’t do it you’ll die really.’

Although no one intended it it was an effect of unity among individual fandoms within Testa created by an external enemy.

Of course this situation was not the case she thought but there were some similar aspects. It felt like a state of awakening.

‘Whoa.’

On stage.

Sun Ah-hyeon raised her head and took a step forward. A lighted camera follows.

And evaluated it calmly. The performance just now was good.

Of course there are limits because the body has changed. Difficult techniques and details cannot be grasped.

still.

‘This too… is fun.’

The newly acquired knowledge and experience encouraged the sense of elation on stage.

And members dressed similarly to themselves appear on stage with effects.

[Welcome]

Sun Ah-hyeon joined the group with a faint smile.

What follows is another old hit title from Testa.

Nightmare.

A sticky song in a minor key that was arranged for an orchestra and became deeper resonated.

[Call-it

Call that name now

It sticks like honey and won’t fall off]

In this tour this decadent song which only appeared briefly in the medley was included as a special stage.

And as always the provocative sexy concept was powerful. The reaction was even hotter because there were many members who temporarily changed their hair for this stage.

Kim Rae-bin’s fans are so enthusiastic about posting posts.

-Kim Raebin’s secret two-tone??? I can’t believe that male idols who can pull off something crazy like this exist.

In addition there was a closing comment specially prepared for the broadcast.

[Thank you for enjoying the long concert together. Finally only the last stage remains.]

-uh?

-Seon Ah-hyun why does she speak so well?

-What’s so cool?

Sun Ah-hyun once again exploded in response as she grabbed the progress card with softer and clearer pronunciation than ever before.

[Then I will tell you the ‘promise’ now.]

In this way Testa’s contest broadcast ended successfully.

It was thanks to the unexpectedness and uniqueness that went beyond simply performing well on stage that it attracted attention.

However for that reason the ‘controversy’ that arose at the agency became bigger.

* * *

After returning home after the live concert schedule was over.

[You cannot buy this costume from the Testa concert. (Jeongjin Ilbo Talk Talk Sympathy)]

“Hmm it seems like the articles are getting stronger.”

“Oh my you did a good job of linking it to the story of our concert.”

“…That’s right.”

I don’t know why you look at me like that but I didn’t do it.

‘I just added some air.’

I just started by pretending to send an early holiday gift to the head of the management office and getting the thoughts of the higher-ups at the agency.

“It’s an obvious result.”

I shrugged and dried myself off. My body felt refreshed after washing.

Just as it is natural to feel refreshed after washing in fact if no one touches it it will inevitably fail.

Because I didn’t raise the idol that my agency told me to raise I did something else.

-Collaboration in the clothing business of T1 Stars an agency with no roots.

Still when I think back to collaborations with games like 〈127 Section〉 this was good.

‘Idols shoot a lot of clothing advertisements.’

The problem is… the company did something reckless while dreaming of ‘diversification of sales.’

This collaboration has grown a lot.

– and ‘From bronze to platinum. A variety of options from affordable low prices to special premiums?’

-There seems to be a big difference in design and fabric quality depending on the grade…

First the design was somehow broken down into several lines and it seems like they were taken directly from the ratings of Azusa. It is said that he did this by giving royalties to the program.

‘It’s just a business thing.’

Still if only this had been announced they would have been criticized as being insensitive old-fashioned and pure day robbers.

The problem begins next.

-Specific products such as ‘T-shirts made by idols’ can only be purchased by membership subscribers.

First of all he revealed his desire to collect money one more time between the lines making fans extremely uncomfortable. Still this could have been resolved somehow.

If it weren’t for Daum Unplay.

-Testa Mirina’s ‘platinum’ clothes?

-The ‘Platinum’ level is produced in only one size of the idol worn to present the most beautiful image…

Even if these crazy people didn’t post in the media that they only sell platinum grade clothes in ‘sizes that idols can actually wear’.

I understand what they were aiming for.

Perhaps they wanted to go beyond the feeling of ‘actual wear’ and encourage fans’ desire to own it but it ended up being an X.

This is the result of not recognizing the difference between goods and clothing.

-Isn’t that crazy?

-Currently the idols are being broadcast on a flat screen so everything has been managed to the limit. But ‘only the most beautiful size’ hahaha.

– Are you telling me to buy it with that money and fit my body to fit the clothes or to buy something and live with it?

In the meantime an interview with an official who said ‘We are taking the opportunity to hold an actual wear certification photo event’ was discovered and public opinion was completely plunged into the abyss.

-Yes I understand the sign that only people with idol bodies should wear it.

-If you go to the store you will be scanned up and down and you will not be able to buy anything the trauma is ON.

-If I launch it like this don’t you think I’ll be able to see your face? My face being cut at the entrance…

I just lived with a lot of antipathy.

‘Babonga.’

In fact if you think about it it looks like they are trying to raise money unethically by using ‘only people like idols can wear it’ as a differentiation strategy.

Because I was unable to accurately pierce the person’s psychology I suffered a fatal injury.

‘If you wanted to benefit from class division you should have done it more cleverly.’

Why does Tnet’s survival show keep making people watch it even though it’s being criticized?

This is because it is stimulating sophisticated and makes fun of itself to create content appeal.

‘But what about these bastards?’

There aren’t many people in this company who can do that. This is because we swept it all away while creating the label.

And all the people there are on the working team so who did this project? The higher-ups actively signed contracts to share profits with the portfolio.

therefore…

‘The promised results have arrived.’

It was shattered.

“okay?”

That’s right.

“Is that it?”

I am innocent.

I just posted an anonymous message out of context.

-The line that comes from the platinum level &lt;Azusa&gt; and is known to be the highest quality only comes in one size for idols…

-There are people of various sizes in the world with various charms.

“That’s incitement!”

“no. “I wrote it exactly as it was written in the article.”

“…Are you sure?”

“yes.”

Just in case I wrote it down while using a VPN. There is no need to get caught.

Well since there are only people at the top who are trying to rip off the agency not the ones who originally started the agency with a vision they actually just brought about the disaster that was planned.

“…and the costumes we wore during the live concert were originally intended to be sold here at ‘Platinum’ level.”

“Wow our agency is really great too.”

“I guess that’s why a lot of articles like this appeared…”

Thanks to this as the concert live broadcast went well it seems that it attracted more aggro.

So will we who are tied to the agency also be affected?

‘I might have worn it for a moment.’

I guess it’s because it’s the signboard of this agency.

-Isn’t Testa ultimately agreeing to this and coming out?

└ㅂㅅ Do you think the dogs even knew?

But it won’t last long enough to have an impact.

If the problem gets this big the head office takes action.

“hmm. “Can’t it affect the stock price?”

“Maybe so.”

Besides that.

‘From TI Entertainment’s perspective the agency under it only needs to act as an agency.’

From the head office’s perspective it is enough to conduct other business through other affiliates. The only thing that was disappointing about the side business was that it was only the higher-ups.

So what would T1 Entertainment experts who are familiar with this business do unlike the agency’s higher-ups?

We try to preserve the original value of branded products.

Our idol is selling well right away.

“There’s an article about Mr. Bee’s apprenticeship.”

While updating the news page I noticed movement at headquarters.

I think I watched it while preparing and checked the reaction as soon as the concert ended.

[TI Stars’ dogmatic actions embarrass artists]

[Tussle A “The contract was groundless… It was at the discussion stage.”]

Everything is said to have been set up by the agency’s unresponsive management.

It’s a beautiful sight where those who have done wrong pay the full price. In this way the board of directors of this agency are cut off from the headquarters.

‘One or two people won’t be able to save their place.’

And in order to quickly cover up this bad news why not hold an event with major stocks as well?

Ryu Seong-woo grinned.

“What does that mean?”

I laughed too.

“We are releasing an album.”

“Oooooh!”

It was a promised development.

“We will give priority to teams with good grades. “I have to cover it with good news.”

“Then…”

Bae Se-jin didn’t say anything but everyone realized it and smiled. Of course it’s a test stage.

“And that is! “It was easy thanks to Ahyun’s good work on today’s broadcast~”

“Yes good job!”

“thank you…!”

At this late night Gongchisa flies around the living room.

‘Those who are making a fuss will fail… and we will release an album.’

The atmosphere is nice.

It was then.

Jiying –

My phone is ringing.

“Have you already received a call?”

“Could it be T-One??”

At 2 am?

I wonder if T1 will act that quickly but I also have some expectations.

I quickly looked down at my smartphone and suddenly a thought occurred to me.

‘But if you’re talking about an album isn’t it right to call Ryu Cheong-woo not me?’

I know.

And it wasn’t an album call either. Instead a person I had never imagined called me.

“…”

“Mundae?”

Once received.

-hello.

It was the voice of VTIC.

…But this is a guy who has never called.

-How are you Mr. Moon Dae?

It is the cast and hem.

A guy going to the military is calling me early in the morning…

-I have a suggestion that I would like to make but I think this is a game where no one loses.

I already want to quit.
