---
title: "Chapter 426"
category: "book"
index: 425
section: "Chapter 426"
slug: "426"
---

# Chapter 426

Actually after returning to reality I didn’t lose contact with the VTIC guys at all.

In the first place.

-VTIC Senior Chaeyul\: Mr. Moon Dae~~

-VTIC Senior Chaeyul\: Do you remember Sowon? Haha wish!

Then I got a call the very next day.

Anyone who sees it says ‘I’m just wondering if you don’t remember anything but something happened between us!’

‘Even if I didn’t remember this I would have questioned it in reverse.’

Anyway I managed to dissuade the VTIC guys who were trying to create a ‘Wishes group chat room’ and that happened before I even started filming the healing entertainment show.

-VTIC senior Chae-yul\: Oh that’s right. There are people who weren’t part of Wishz so they might feel left out.

-VTIC Senior Shinno\: Then can I invite everyone to the old group chat room?

-wait a minute.

Every day all members almost responded to the senior group’s greetings.

‘It was quiet after that so I thought nothing much happened.’

I saw in passing the title of the article that the enlistment date had been set so I thought I wouldn’t be able to see anything like this for a while.

I would have still thought that way even if that one guy hadn’t called me all the time.

Also at this time.

‘…What game?’

Who taught you the crazy thing of calling your junior at 2 a.m. when you have an idea?

When I asked the question Ju Dan gave me this answer.

-It was right before the live broadcast so of course he hadn’t gone to bed yet. I also have a case.

“…yes.”

That’s not a case it’s called a guess.

Anyway the guy started talking.

-I have a plan. The proposal was to release a fan song without notice before enlistment and treat it as a meaningful memento even if it was inactive.

Is that so? Since I don’t have to pay overlapping I guess I’ll have to dig up some strings.

“Congratulations. When are you announcing it?”

– We are discussing.

“…?”

There won’t be much time left for that but if we’re still discussing it…

Hey this can’t be right.

“Did Senior Cheongnyeo not give permission?”

-…

“I didn’t say anything.”

There was a long silence.

-We are all members of the same group so the expression ‘permission’ is a bit vague.

You didn’t get permission. i get it.

-And… wait you’re not sure this currency is being leaked are you?

I turned my head.

“Are you senior Joo Dan?”

“yes”

“Oh I see. Say hello.”

Everyone is not very interested. This is because I realized that it was not the album news I had been waiting for.

When I inform him that the call is already being treated as a personal call Judan lowers his voice.

-The timeline he knew has already ended. Wouldn’t there come a time when after so many years you become stubborn and your judgment becomes clouded?

Are you serious? That bastard?

“Then why don’t you try talking to me in person…”

-Of course that doesn’t necessarily mean now.

Take a breath and answer.

Anyway since they are planning to convince the leader somehow there is something they would like to ask of Testa.

From here we listened together on speaker phone.

-So what I want to ask you is…

“Yes yes yes.”

-This is a charity concert.

“…??”

Suddenly the topic of conversation in the album rose to helping the less fortunate.

“What a meaningful thought!”

No don’t do that already.

-Yes fan songs have universal themes of gratitude and love right? So I’m planning it because it seems like the frequency of the theme fits quite well.

To summarize his explanation he said that instead of promoting he plans to hold a charity concert hosted by VTIC.

-And I would like testers to appear here as guests.

And this has a strange sense of déjà vu.

As expected Liu Chengwu cautiously intervenes.

“Is this by any chance an extension of the charity concert we invited seniors from the College of Arts to last time?”

-I’m also saying this because I think it would be better if the narrative were structured that way.

That’s right. It was a gift in return for appearing as a guest at the charity concert we held.

Since we held our first charity concert in conjunction with VTIC’s company they would like us to appear as a guest.

“oh.”

“That’s a good thing! I like it.”

It is said that they are not only calling us but also calling several teams.

‘Then it just feels like a big event.’

In fact we were in a situation where they called us as guests before and we even said no.

Naturally it was a moment when the atmosphere was about to reach a tentative agreement with approval.

“I see~ I think it’s such a meaningful and wonderful day senior! “But I still need to hear about that company so can you give me some time?”

-of course. We will contact you again tomorrow morning around ten o’clock.

Although the answer did not take into account the fact that people sleep an agreement was not reached anyway.

“Hey we have to give it to you ourselves~ We can’t have you call us again!”

The other guys just ignored the guy who ended the call without even bothering to intervene.

Because the guy who intervened is not the type of guy who would do that without a reason.

“hmm.”

And then the phone hung up.

The person in charge Keun Se-jin sat in the living room with a wry smile.

“Did you… have anything else on your mind?”

“…It’s a bit like that isn’t it? “It was like volunteering because I was worried that it might look like the company was hurt by this controversy and was sending us out to a charity concert.”

“…!”

“Is it not possible to do that…?”

No.

I opened my mouth.

“If we go in the direction of taking responsibility for the company’s mistakes it will look like we are at fault too.”

“Correct answer~”

“iced coffee…”

Images are tied together.

We’ve barely been able to separate ourselves from our agency’s evil actions under the slogan ‘Artists are victims too’ but we’re holding a charity concert?

On the contrary it was a problem because it could lead to the image that ‘artists are also self-reflecting’.

– T1 is trying hard Testa is trying hard haha.

-See they all knew about it and participated in it. Since they were stabbed they got a spoon at a senior’s charity concert and started hitting on social media WWW

Something like this.

‘You’ve become more agile after having a hard time in Gyrop.’

I looked at Big Sejin happily and nodded.

“I think we need to approach it well. Well it would be nice to be able to use this as an excuse to adjust the album schedule.”

It’s a happy worry compared to when you put off an album indefinitely but the head office may be too hasty in trying to release it right away.

‘Then promotion becomes poor.’

Using a charity concert as an excuse to free up time for PR staff for a few weeks is a pretty attractive lure.

“It seems like there is no need to adjust the schedule. “Album preparations can be completed within 15 days!”

“You can do it but wouldn’t it be difficult for the company’s promotion staff?”

“Oh my~ Ravin aren’t you frustrated that not everyone in the world is a genius like Ravin?”

“…?! “That’s an undeserved compliment no I never thought of that…”

“Ahaha!”

Hey kid I’m going to have a breakdown.

Anyway that’s it.

“A person with good opinions.”

To be honest I don’t think this charity concert has to be held it’s just a matter of morals so I told them to feel free to speak up and there was a guy who waved his hand very comfortably.

“Yep.”

Cha Yu-jin who made eye contact grinned.

And the next day.

“We’re doing this because we’re close. “Be sure to let the fans know about that first!”

Cha Yu-jin confidently shouted out to Joo Dan. That’s right.

-It’s okay to do charity as a friend. It’s not a lie because we are now friends with those seniors.

‘Let’s just go as if we are doing it because of group friendship.’

Since he is just one of many guests he won’t cause any animosity from our fans. In addition to doing that I also take care of the image that I have enough name value to help out with charity events.

-Well it’s not difficult as long as you prepare a few things in advance.

“It’s not me it’s Moon Dae hyung who does it.”

-I thought so.

People who remember being in the same group communicate without much awkwardness.

“okay. by the way.”

I smiled faintly.

Should we try to get a little more benefit?

“Sir there is one more guest I would like to recommend.”

-hmm?

In fact I made a phone call a few minutes ago. But it wasn’t a bet on Judan.

-yes. Hello senior!!

Right in second place in Mirinae.

For some reason his voice seems to be getting more disciplined but I don’t know why.

Anyway I’m going to get to the point… They spoke first.

-First of all I want to say thank you so much!

-yes?

-… oh.

But before he could react properly his words became faster accompanied by a single sigh.

-Just… yeah. This is not a thank you for a specific situation I just want to thank you for always taking good care of your juniors!!

-Oh yes.

-That was it!

No it’s okay to talk about the album at least.

Anyone who sees this will think I threatened them to keep their mouths shut from now on.

‘You cooperated so well why are you doing this?’

I thought about this junior’s actions over the past few weeks.

This is because the labels are different so the information I can find is biased.

Until now Mirinae Park Min-ha who has been providing everything she knows about what happens in the company and schedule changes from the perspective of the company’s artists paid the price as an information source.

So I thought I would try this suggestion too.

-I received a good offer. I contacted you because I thought it would be good to tell my juniors.

-Uh what…?

-A charity concert.

First of all we plan to highlight more the aspects that come from personal relationships with VTIC.

But what if Mirina is included here in the next order?

‘It was sung by Testa.’

When the game gets bigger like that it takes on a slightly new meaning.

It reminds me of the controversy surrounding the agency but it is distorted because the basis has already been established that personal relationships come first.

-This is a loss for the agency.

-Draw a line hahahahahahahaha

-How much of an asshole the management must have been so that the kids would have sent this signal.

So following T1’s headquarters artists are also sending out signs that draw a line between themselves and the actions of their agency’s management.

‘If we really wanted to do it we would choose this kind of good influence.’

‘And anyway the management that is out now won’t be able to control our schedule.’

It wasn’t bad.

And Mirinae’s reaction after hearing the explanation was also positive.

-That… I think all of our members will like it.

So the final decision has been made.

Judan nodded at the guest recommendation.

-It’s okay. In order to expand the viewer base we were already planning to cast singers across genders and age groups.

“yes.”

It fits perfectly.

What’s left now is one last inspection.

“But how did you persuade senior Cheongnyeo?”

How did you handle the issue of your leader’s permission?

Surprisingly this guy just said he got the OK with great confidence.

-… Because I heard a variety of logic and evidence I won’t be hasty in specifying which one works.

But I guess I don’t know the reason either.

‘Anyway he seems to have found a corner to gain somewhere.’

I’ll have to be a little careful and monitor the progress.

I willingly handed over the phone call with Judan to others and replayed the situation in my head.

‘hmm’

Killing two birds with one stone by gaining time to properly promote the album and cutting corners with management.

It didn’t really seem like it would fall over in the middle.

So I called up the status window.

[brother?]

‘Are you okay with the time today?’

Since it’s held in Korea and a lot of people know the show it would be okay to send them some tickets.

‘Come watch the pre-recording.’

[Huhuhuh??]

And a few days later.

It all started with a capture being posted on VTIC’s official SNS account.

————————

The first recruitment was successful! (picture)

————————

What is recorded is the KakaoTalk history that Chae-yul and I deliberately created.

The conversation details which roughly consisted of late-night snacks and pictures of dogs were made public without any announcement arousing people’s curiosity.

-What are you upset about?

-It’s Jaehyun’s dog that was sold. Is it Kong? Hahaha.

-Jin Chae-yul the crazy thief who sold her brother’s puppy is too much of a baby to enlist. Please save her.

‘It’s a good start.’

…and I received a text message that day.

-What was promised

-See you soon.

Attached was a yellow dog wearing a beige blanket like a cape that appeared to be charity concert merchandise.
