---
title: "Chapter 427"
category: "book"
index: 426
section: "Chapter 427"
slug: "427"
---

# Chapter 427

VTIC’s charity concert quickly took shape. The lineup is also gorgeous.

-Wow Maximite is also coming out.

-Wasn’t V-Tik just hanging out with each other? How dare they all tease each other?

-The person I recruited briefly is recruiting me again. I wonder if it’s a multi-level scheme so I recruited guests through lucky letters. LOL.

From famous idols to solo balladers and rappers and trot singers.

There was even news that Soft Sweet would reunite after a long time and appear on the show. Its popularity soared to the point where it was hosted on almost regular entertainment shows.

[So are you going to go see those testers and see them all?]

That’s not it.

‘Guests were planned solely for broadcast purposes.’

It is said that the program will be divided into Part 1 with only VTIC and Part 2 with guests.

And only Part 1 can be enjoyed with fans offline mixed with Part 2 which was pre-recorded by guests and broadcast together on the Internet and CVN.

‘You used your brain well.’

Wouldn’t fans be upset if half of the number of guests were included in the concert they had booked to see the entire VTIC group ahead of their hiatus?

At the same time as avoiding that the name value of each guest is good so the name value of the event goes up which also has the effect of strengthening VTIC’s position as the host more widely.

‘This design must be done with great skill.’

Thanks to this the broadcasting company was so excited that they were already putting out advertisements.

‘It would have been a bit embarrassing if I had refused this.’

And seeing how things are going I don’t regret my decision to appear.

Since the format is similar there will definitely be some WiTube Wrecker trying to compare it to the vague live broadcast broadcast that we did.

-Is this the difference in planning ability? The class of class Leti’s V-Tech VS Hellgan T-One Stars’ Testa

Something like this.

If you get involved with VTIC guys it’s right to look out for traps first. I nodded at the landmine I had avoided.

Anyway time passed and it was the afternoon of the second Sunday of October.

Testa is changing his clothes in the waiting room of the broadcasting station.

“Now that I think about it it seems like it’s been a while since we all did this together as a testa.”

“That’s right bro~ I guess it’s been a while since we appeared on a music show.”

Today we are going on stage for the pre-recording of this charity concert “VTIC’s Save the World.”

In other words the only people in the audience are Testa fans who were invited for the broadcast.

‘It’s really going to be the same as a music broadcast.’

I chuckled at the memory of the first pre-recording at the beginning of my debut that suddenly came to mind. Was I freaked out when an SNS notification went off in the early morning to verify that I had received a lunch box?

“Soft sweet senior was just before us… yeah. “The VTIC seniors also said they would be recording after us.”

“Ah~ Is it today?”

“In that case I’ll have to contact you to say hello after the performance!”

After getting ready and chatting we headed to the stage.

In front of you is a daisy with a camera lined up.

‘There are also drones’

Even though it is a broadcasting station that does not broadcast music it seems to have put a lot of effort into being unique.

It looks like the staff is a bit lacking but since it’s not a live broadcast I think this will be covered by post-editing.

First of all win.

“hello. everyone!”

“Aren’t you all hungry? Oh are you okay? okay!”

Lights and shouts shine before your eyes.

The audience hall which was quite large and could accommodate about 1000 people was full. There’s probably a big moon out there somewhere but it’s typical of a guy not to notice a pop-up message.

I smiled and waved my hand. The ends of the harness belt attached to the costume sway together.

‘We were allotted 16 minutes.’

It was a good time to do just four songs and a special performance.

-Then shall we go with ‘Savior’ ‘Promise’ ‘Black Hole’ and ‘Wheel’?

And in the final arrangement of Wheel it is a gorgeous composition that sublimates into a daybreak by adding drill.

I thought I struck the best balance between the latest song and popularity.

‘The recording time should be about two hours.’

“Then let us begin.”

As with any pre-recording after light chatting and fan service towards the fan seats we stood in a large formation.

I thought to myself as I bent over my seat on the right side of the outskirts.

‘It is a position that is visible to the camera as it comes out from behind the dancers. So pay attention to the angle… ’

at that time.

thud.

suddenly.

I was out of breath.

“Huh.”

I feel dizzy. The lighting and accompaniment become distorted your ears ring deafeningly and colors spread across your vision.

weird.

“…Mundae?”

The body’s condition appears to be abnormal like being pressed by scissors…

‘poisoning?’

There seems to be a strange chemical reaction taking place inside the body. My heart is racing and my hair stands on end.

What did I do?

“Park Moon-dae!”

I stumbled and grabbed my arm.

My elbows are cold. The dusty texture of the stage floor pressed against my cheek.

No my face fell to the floor.

“…!”

For a moment my ears opened.

“here!”

“We have to move it first.”

Huh.

I can feel tension building up in my head and all the way to my limbs. When I came to I felt like I was backstage covered in a blanket or something.

In front of me a hand grabs my shoulder.

“Park Moon-dae! Park Moon-dae look at me where are you now?”

Sejin Lee.

I took a deep breath.

*… broadcasting station.”

“What were you doing?”

“The stage is big!”

I can’t breathe again. Fuck.

Coughing as if something was going on. It wasn’t because of the pain.

Because of shock.

‘suddenly.’

I feel an enormous amount of pressure as if I am being chased by a killer in the middle of the night or as if I am standing with one foot on the rooftop railing.

The sight before my eyes was dizzying.

“Call 911! Call an ambulance. hurry!”

“Let’s take a closer look at the situation…”

“Park Moon-dae can’t breathe. What’s going on? now!”

I raised my hand.

And he hit my face.

match.

The sound was a bit shabby because my fist wasn’t clenched but anyway thanks to the pain my head came back.

“…for a moment.”

“…!”

“If this happens…!”

Instead of refusing to support Sun Ah-hyun I swallowed my saliva and said

“I think I need some rest.”

This is a mental issue. The body is fine.

The problem is that I am the cause…

“…I don’t know.”

There aren’t just one or two people on this floor with panic disorder and everyone probably thinks that way… but doesn’t that also make sense when it breaks out?

‘No.’

Fuck it I just looked at the audience seats without even thinking about it and made a formation. No if that’s the case for a moment…

‘…I just collapsed on stage.’

Damn it.

“How’s the atmosphere? above.”

“Is it time for you to worry about that?!”

“Hyung wait a minute.”

Sejin Lee said calmly.

“You probably didn’t know. “You were in a position where you couldn’t be seen very well.”

“…”

“Okay? “You’re just wondering where you stumbled.”

I get it. I thought…

“Hyung are you cold? “Do you feel like your body temperature has gone down?”

“Now wait a minute.”

I think my hands were shaking. I heard several people nearby running to get blankets.

And I heard Liu Chengwu speaking to the staff.

“please. “I will call an ambulance.”

“No please.”

My brain doesn’t work. Don’t call me

“please.”

Ryu Cheng-wu took the smartphone from the staff as if he was robbing him and then approached him in an instant.

And ask in a low voice so that those around you can’t hear.

“…Did you see something uncomfortable up there? “I will tell you to clean it up so tell me and I will turn it around and convey it to you.”

“No no.”

That’s not it.

No my head feels like it’s going to explode. No it’s the spinal cord and heart rather than the brain…

‘What is this?’

My thoughts are shit. I can’t believe there’s no situation in my life that I can’t think of without reasoning like this.

The sound of my heart beating resonates in my skull. The ends of my hair stand on end.

In the meantime I hear the sound of arguing next to me. It seems like the manager is fighting with other guys…

“What kind of phone call is he receiving right now?”

phone call?

“Yes I will cut off my line for now…”

“Who is it?”

“…!”

The sound stopped. It’s a little quiet now. The manager looked embarrassed but when he saw me he reflexively opened his mouth and answered.

‘that is… ’

I read those lips.

Damn it.

“…Give it to me.”

“hey!”

I snatched the smartphone from the manager with trembling hands.

And then I brought it to my ear.

-Junior.

Cheongnyeo.

I guess the story of my taste had spread all the way to the waiting room where I had just gone to work. This needs to be thought about.

‘The reason this bastard even bothered to call… ’

Of course it’s not because of worry.

-What are your symptoms?

…It’s time to guess something.

-More sensitive alertness than necessary.

– Pressure without context. If it’s your first time you’ll feel hyperventilation fear crisis and a feeling that everything is out of place.

-Is it like this?

okay.

How do you know?

-…

There was a short silence on the other side of the smartphone but soon a voice came out.

A low voice as if the blood had gone away…

-That’s a symptom of mission failure.

“…”

what?

-My junior called it ‘condition abnormality’.

What are you talking about?

It’s been a while since I got rid of it or it’s been a while since it was taken over from me and moved to Gold 2. But what is that…

for a moment.

‘…status abnormality.’

Abnormal condition suddenly occurred to me.

The strange afterimage I saw on the beach after the grave.

[outbreak]

Abnormal status\: ‘If not ■■ ■■’ occurs!

It’s like X but it’s really ridiculous…

Unless it was a hallucination.

“…”

“Park Moon-dae what are you listening to?”

The voice on the other side of the smartphone rings again.

– Junior have you ever felt like you absolutely have to do something recently?

The moment you realize that.

It seems.

Breaking through the crackling noise a sign finally emerges…

[! Status abnormality\: ‘Performance or death’]

If you do not sell 1 million albums within a set period of time you will die.

It’s not the end.

Additional text is attached below.

[※■■■ penalty]

\: Reduce period (1/4)

And it comes naturally.

The moment I came to my senses on the plane I checked the date on my smartphone.

-Saturday July 9th

And I remember today’s date.

Second Sunday of October.

-Sunday October 9th

Exactly 3 months. 1st quarter.

‘…a quarter of a year.’

It’s all gone.

So if you lower your head further from this additional phrase what you see is…

[Remaining period\: D-1]

Fuck you.

I ask again without any time for a chill to run up my spine.

‘There’s one day left.’

Is that why you were so nervous? Are you saying that your survival instinct is screaming at you to do something right away?

The head answers.

‘no’

Let’s calculate it calmly.

It is true that the date has passed.

then.

It’s not that there is one day left… It’s written as one day because the remaining time is less than one day.

And this.

-Junior.

It is not a urging but a warning sound that something has failed.

[Remaining period\: D-1]

[Remaining period\: D-0]

-Get up right now.

-Because something crazy is going to happen from now on.

Beep!

[!failure]

Status Abnormality\: Success or death

deadline

My heart is pounding.

-immediately.

I woke up.

“Mundae?”

And ran down the hallway. My head is pounding.

“Mundae that’s…!”

I hear a sound.

Deuddeuddeuk.

thud.

And then stage equipment started falling on my head.

I rolled over and started running towards the end of the stage.
