---
title: "Chapter 428"
category: "book"
index: 427
section: "Chapter 428"
slug: "428"
---

# Chapter 428

The image blinks.

scream.

A dull roar. And the pouring afterimages and shaking lights.

A huge shock coming from behind.

And I…

“Huh.”

I opened my eyes.

-Junior

It smelled like dust and iron.

And a faint light spreads in the outskirts of the field of vision.

voice.

-Junior.

“…uh.”

Cough! Speech was interrupted due to coughing. I can’t breathe. But it seems.

Shiny.

The smartphone thrown away by the impact turns over and blinks on the cracked floor.

A low sound was heard as if it were blocked.

-You’re alive.

Yes I lived bastard.

Didn’t you tell me to live?

But my condition was still trash to say such things.

‘It tastes like shit.’

My vision shakes and my heart becomes unstable as if it will jump out of my mouth. It almost feels like a pang.

‘When did you lose your mind?’

I don’t even know where my limbs are…

‘…I survived anyway.’

I wiped my mouth. The back of my hand hits my teeth under my lip and I taste blood. He said he wasn’t dead.

-Did the stage equipment collapse?

“okay.”

I held back my cough and opened my mouth with difficulty.

“I came up on stage.”

Failure with my condition means death.

So if the system tries to kill me right away wouldn’t it be convenient if that’s how ‘nonsense’ things happen?

‘It was an accidental death.’

Absurd accident.

So we guided the direction so that we could guess as much as possible what would happen.

Since there was no one on stage I reflexively thought that no matter what happened it would ultimately lead to the collapse of the facility.

Fortunately it seems like that was correct.

‘…If it was a hallway they would have searched everything.’

I guided it in a direction that would not attract the people around me as much as possible but also led me to think in a predictable way.

‘And somehow I avoided dying on the first hit.’

but.

“This won’t be the end.”

-…

“okay.”

I spoke calmly.

“If this was the end you wouldn’t have had to finish the mission.”

Since it can’t be avoided wouldn’t this guy have restarted so many times?

I waited with bated breath. Soon a low voice comes from the smartphone.

-yes.

I gritted my teeth.

“…When?”

-soon.

Fuck you.

I raised my head.

At first glance the surrounding area appears to be a mess with steel structures and lighting fragments piled up tightly.

Anyone can see that the moment the balance goes awry it will pour down on me and end.

‘If we rescue them before that… no that’s even worse.’

I don’t know what will happen during my rescue. As the number of variables increases it becomes increasingly difficult.

This is correct.

I took a breath and cleared my head. And then I said what I wanted to say.

“Don’t report it.”

-…

“I’m safe I can contact you and don’t say anything like that.”

I know you don’t have to say it but just in case…

-Don’t worry about that.

“…”

I guess the situation is like X. This guy talks like this too.

The voices continued quickly.

-And until the next thing happens.

‘Until… whatever.’

But the next words were not heard.

-…

silence.

“Shin Jaehyun?”

I turned my head towards my smartphone and realized something.

The faintly shining light disappeared.

“…!”

Fuck you.

I immediately reached out and traced the floor where I had seen the smartphone.

Soon an angular hard piece…

“Sigh.”

A sharp pain pierced my knuckles. It feels hot.

‘shit’

I somehow wrapped my hand in my costume and turned the smartphone over.

“…”

The smartphone was smashed. It seemed like it was probably the impact of the steel frame falling.

So the call was disconnected. No it’s amazing that we’re still connected through that shattered face.

…therefore

‘Admit it quickly.’

I don’t know what the fuck is going on but I failed to clear the status abnormality.

…And communication with the outside world was completely cut off.

I bit my tongue.

Another way Another way.

First of all hearing.

‘…What happened?’

I tried to listen as best as I could to hear the sounds outside. But there is only a humming sound.

If it was blocked to this extent it would seem that not only the stage equipment but also the ceiling was spilled.

Then… next.

‘It moves quickly.’

Quickly before shit happens again. I immediately raised my upper body.

My side hurt. It seems like the ribs that were broken last time have cracked or broken again.

‘Or maybe it’s just my mood.’

Let’s hope it’s the latter.

Anyway I can stand up on my own…

‘…It touches the head.’

I feel the cold metal gently passing over my head.

It probably looks like remnants of stage equipment.

“after.”

I closed my eyes and waited for a moment. I was so damn nervous but applying vision takes precedence.

And when I open my eyes the vision applied to the darkness reveals the overall outline.

“…!”

It was a mess on stage.

The steel frame has all collapsed so in fact there is nothing left to call a stage and with the steel frame and ceiling materials surrounding it on all sides nothing can be seen outside.

And where I am is right in front of the backstage on the other side.

I was pushed almost to the point of sliding and falling so I avoided it.

“Whoa.”

I’ve figured it out and if I observe further with this mind I won’t be able to get anything useful.

‘Let’s move on.’

If you stay here it looks like the steel frame will fall and you will be crushed to death.

The good news though is that the limbs don’t seem to be seriously injured.

Instead my back feels a little weird… but it doesn’t really interfere with movement so it’s okay.

I headed to the other side of the backstage trying my best not to stumble.

What to look for.

‘A place of certain danger.’

Just by looking at it it doesn’t seem like a safe place. Because they might do something ridiculous like a gas explosion or something.

A space where accidents that I can even roughly predict will occur.

and…

‘I need to be alone.’

I had to move as far away from the other guys as possible.

If you get caught up in it you lose whatever little control you have from then on.

“…”

So you should absolutely not wait here.

As soon as the shock subsides and the situation is understood it is easy to think of a way for people to approach the collapsed stage through the other side. Let’s move quickly.

I decided to go around the backstage area and exit towards the emergency stairs. Fortunately even though the fire is out the blue light from the emergency exit is visible.

“Whoop.”

I opened the emergency exit door with sweaty hands.

And after a moment of contemplation I ran upward.

‘If you go down and your stomach collapses and you’re buried to death no matter what you do you can’t handle it.’

Go up the stairs as quickly as possible…

Squeak.

An ominous sound keeps coming from behind.

‘no way’

However artificial sounds rise above the creaking.

[DING-DNG-]

Ringtone.

An announcement echoes from Dinga’s speakers.

[I would like to inform the audience. Currently a safety accident has occurred due to ground instability. Follow the staff’s instructions and take the emergency stairs…]

I immediately stopped walking up and turned around.

‘Upstairs hallway’

People may spill out of this emergency staircase so let’s go down the hallway instead.

And that was the moment I climbed just one floor left the emergency stairs opened the door and stepped into the hallway.

…My hair stood on end.

thud.

My footsteps echoed strangely.

Next…

The spine-chilling sense of crisis and fear without common sense comes again.

‘Fuck you…!’

I gritted my teeth and ran one step ahead.

Kwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakwakwakkwakwakkwakwakkwakkwakkwakkwakwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakkwakwa!

With an ear-piercing roar the ground under my feet collapses without any sign.

I know why.

‘This is on stage.’

It is the most unstable place due to its location.

And because it is used by the broadcasting station as a storage line for materials there is no one stationed there.

There shouldn’t be any.

‘Because I chose it on purpose…!’

It’s okay.

You can do it. You can do it!

I pictured the structure in my head.

We do not go to restrooms and facilities that are intentionally designed to better withstand large pillars or added weight.

If there is a big collapse that causes it to collapse the people inside this place will get hurt.

‘It’s hell.’

There are a thousand people here in the audience alone.

“Hmph!”

Dust and large and small debris fly into the air.

The place I will run to is…

[Supplies Room 303]

think.

‘Somewhere other than right on the stage!’

Instead of being foolish and pulling the door open I slammed my whole body against it.

and.

Kwakwagwagwang-!

The room shakes.

‘Fuck you’

Damn the system motherfucker.

As I was hit by the shower of supplies I clung to something that looked the heaviest and most massive and held it to my head.

A loud noise continues and the body continues to shake. Small and large objects hit the hands and arms.

How much time has passed?

“Huh.”

The roaring and shaking stopped.

I closed and opened my eyes repeatedly to clear my vision. I was out of breath.

If you check the object you are holding in your whitish hand… it is made of iron. The combination of hard surface and pipe looks like a shelf. Half of it was torn off the wall. No the wall has been torn away and the dark void beyond is visible.

I turned my head.

The door I came through was closed when the space was shaking so it looks like it was caught in a tight fit.

“…”

It doesn’t open.

“her.”

I knew I was trapped in this little supply room. and.

Rolling rolling…

Pens that appear to be furniture are rolled up and gathered in one corner.

‘It’s tilted.’

The room itself is tilted and twisted. It looks like it’s leaning towards the stage and hanging precariously.

“…Whoop.”

I was trapped in a smaller and more unstable space than on the stage before.

I can’t move.

I tried to accept reality as it was hanging on a steel shelf.

An hour or just a few tens of minutes ago all I had to do was finish one lesson well.

Now it looks like this.

I somehow survived twice but a crazy supernatural power source was chasing me determined to kill me at all costs.

“…sigh.”

Pain begins to rise throughout the body. But what is stronger than the pain… is the feeling of helplessness.

‘I don’t know.’

How much longer can I endure?

At least there is no information.

“…”

In fact there are ways to try contacting other people.

I knew it.

‘Big moon.’

This guy can be called through the other party window even if you don’t have a smartphone.

This guy might even know some clues. Because I can access the status window…

But the question is can I open the status window now?

Maybe it could turn into a bomb switch bringing about the next ‘nonsense’ sooner or a more certain death sentence.

So don’t call it. Never.

“…”

That’s what I thought… but…

I relaxed my grip. And he bowed his head.

The cold iron chilled my forehead.

‘Isn’t it better to give up?’

Common sense tells us that if this continues and everyone here dies and I die too what is the point of all this?

If this scale gets bigger I don’t know what the casualties will be.

‘You idiot.’

It’s funny because I’m wondering if I have the spirit to take care of other people’s lives when I look like a loser right now but if a person at least has a conscience they can’t not care about this.

Aren’t they people who are not strangers but people who have been together for several years?

and.

‘…they’re all fans.’

All 1000 people in the audience are filled with fans. Fuck this. Isn’t this an environment where it’s easy for me to give up to the point where I wonder if it was done on purpose?

I took a long sigh.

The shelves were shiny with blood from a cut on my palm from a broken smartphone.

‘…be heavy.’

I closed my eyes.

I closed my mouth and bowed down.

It was as quiet as the void.

How much time has passed like that?

“…hey?”

“…!!”

human voice.

I raised my head.

The first thing I saw was a luminous light.

The iron shelf has collapsed and yellow light is softly coming from beyond the half-torn wall.

And then a little later I realized what light that was.

…It was a light stick.

“Mumundae?!”

The person who spotted me through the wall… was a fan sitting in the audience earlier.
