---
title: "Chapter 429"
category: "book"
index: 428
section: "Chapter 429"
slug: "429"
---

# Chapter 429

When talking directly to fans.

In fact it’s rare. Most people communicate indirectly through light sticks shaking on stage or through posts posted on the Internet.

Even at fan signing events you stand in line and have a short conversation in a space where many people are together.

So moments like this where we have one-on-one conversations are extremely rare.

“…”

Even though I am in a room leaning and hanging on a collapsed stage. And even though he could die at any moment.

“Why are you here? “Why are you here?!”

A shout was heard from beyond the wall. Sound of confusion.

There is little fear or panic. That’s just the extent of the situation where the stage collapsed.

‘…I don’t know.’

I slowly regained my senses and made a decision.

The lightstick that the fan is holding is quite bright but since it does not shoot light forward it does not have much effect in illuminating the field of view. I’d rather just make that fan look good.

So that fan only recognizes my clothes and overall outline.

I can’t see my situation or my opponent clearly.

I swallowed and opened my mouth.

“…I came to get something and got locked up. are you okay.”

Will it be okay?

There was a wall blocking it anyway. In such an unstable situation why would something crazy and bizarre enough to involve that person happen?

‘You idiot.’

It was right to just send it. Why bother creating a variable?

“What should I do? Wait a minute. “I will call people…”

“no. “You don’t want to make too much noise.”

Even if I send it now it will be a problem. I’ll bring other people.

The problem is that it was reassuring.

“Oh that’s right… I’m sorry I’m sorry! Then… should I go to the other side and open the door?”

“It could be dangerous so why don’t we wait like this until rescue comes?”

“Ugh…”

I’m glad that we have to spend time talking. My eyes are hot.

I never thought the day would come when I would feel like this but it’s so funny that I’m laughing out loud.

‘Stupid bastard.’

I stepped back further leaned against the door as if I was leaning against a wall and grabbed the metal shelf again. As the distance became clearer things became more peaceful.

You won’t get caught up.

And without thinking I opened my mouth.

“Are the others okay?”

“I don’t know but maybe all the members have left. An announcement was made and everyone went out with the audience…”

It was fortunate. I asked chewing my tongue to avoid becoming lazy with unnecessary relief.

“…What about your sister?”

“Me me? I… Oh it’s okay! “I don’t feel any pain and the shaking of the building seems to have almost stopped.”

This person is said to have been looking for a place where the production crew collected cell phones to prevent spoilers.

And as he carefully climbed the emergency stairs he found me beyond the collapsed wall.

“I was a little late getting out so I got stuck. “I was sitting in the front seat.”

I laughed weakly. My mouth felt bitter because I got caught up in it.

“yes. “I saw it.”

“…Did you see me?!”

“yes. You were sitting in the front left. So by my sister’s standards she’s on the right.”

“Huh.”

Actually I think I’ve seen him occasionally since his debut but let’s not talk about that.

Let’s just… keep talking.

“How did you get here? “Are you free because it’s the weekend?”

“Oh yeah. “I’m not working. I’m a graduate student.”

Majored in biotechnology and raised dogs…

In fact that person may have been quite anxious so he told personal stories that he would not normally have told a stranger.

Also about why they like me which stages and broadcast scenes of mine they liked and supported.

There is a warmth that does not fit the situation in familiar and unfamiliar stories.

Is that why you do it more? To forget the situation.

“…I see.”

I quietly listened to it.

This wasn’t bad either.

And as the other person gradually relaxes he asks whether he has realized that he is trapped in the building again.

“Hey… did you stop performing earlier because it felt weird?”

“It’s similar.”

They probably didn’t see me fall.

Besides when I thought about it he didn’t seem to be surprised that I was alive so I guess he didn’t even see that it was me who ran out.

I don’t want to talk about someone who seems to have died after being crushed by stage equipment for fear of agitating me.

“…Thank you. “Thank you for your concern.”

“…!! What are you talking about? Of course… Ah. We’re in the middle of Seoul and we’ll be there soon to rescue you. “Don’t worry… let’s wait a little bit!”

It is a courageous voice that speaks in a deliberately raised tone.

I laughed.

“yes.”

My decision has been made.

at the same time.

Clutter.

There was a sound from the door behind me.

And a premonition.

Cold sweat nervousness and the feeling of near failure as if everything was over came back.

‘…It’s over.’

Sharp judgment that comes back in an instant. How about jumping forward right now and somehow getting over the gaping wall where that fan is standing?

Like jumping into this supply room.

‘If you get the timing right… ’

“…”

“…Mundae? “Are you hurt or in pain somewhere?”

Then the chances of getting caught up with that fan are extremely high.

“no.”

okay.

I placed a steel shelf.

At the same time an ominous shredding sound rang out from behind.

The sound of a door being smashed.

“…!”

“ah.”

Jijijijijijik-

The concrete scratches against each other and breaks.

The small supply room fell and descended with an eerie sound.

At the same time I jumped beyond the broken door.

thud.

But the hallway was already destroyed. Moreover because the supply room is slanted it is barely high enough for your hands not your feet to reach the hallway floor.

All that remains is black empty space.

“Sigh!”

Tup.

I barely managed to hang onto the broken end of the hallway.

‘…no.’

But I don’t have enough strength in my damn hands.

The limbs that have already been used several times have significantly reduced their output and my body cannot be supported with just one hand.

‘It will fall soon.’

Behind the roar I felt like I could hear a scream calling out to me.

“…”

But it’s okay.

This is the right choice not the other side.

If I can’t avoid it no matter what I should at least choose how I’m going to get it.

I clung to the piece of concrete with the material sticking out thinking I might be the last one.

-brother!

“…”

Now that things were like this there was one last attempt left.

‘Status window.’

Open the status window and contact Geoldal…

[Settling]

At that moment the bloody hand slips like a lie.

“…!!”

I fell straight into the air.

A brief feeling of dizzyness.

That moment when your entire body must be enveloped by a tremendous sense of blow and pain in the cool darkness.

……

[??’s search request! (101)]

[??’s search request! (102)]

[??’s search request! (103)]

[check]

The world stopped.

Consciousness accelerates as if it has slowed down infinitely as if looking at a dazzling light.

And the notation on the status window that appears in front of you suddenly becomes clear and opaque. Hundreds of pop-ups overlap and shine.

Even a new pop-up appears above it.

[Search complete!]

[Result\: Check ‘Title’]

What is this?

[Title\: Successful One (Idol)]

-You succeeded.

\: Permanent removal of status abnormalities

‘ah.’

Now that I think about it I remember.

This is a perk I received after clearing the last status abnormality… and completing the truth check at Bae Se-jin’s house.

Laws received from Geoldal’s system and expressed in language.

…A guarantee in the status window that you will never be affected by a status ailment again in the future.

then

‘This current situation… is contrary to the title.’

It was then.

Swish.

pain.

I stopped in midair due to the tremendous pressure that started as I grabbed my wrist and the force that felt like it would break.

Time flows again.

I heard a voice.

“Mundae…!”

I raised my head.

On concrete. I see a completely white face and a hand holding my arm.

It was Sun Ah-hyun.

“…!”

I don’t know why I’m here or what the situation is.

But he shouted that the pain was real.

“Now wait a minute.”

Sun Ah-hyun pulled me with surprising strength. And beyond the status window words appeared on that earnest face.

[Error!]

[Error check\: Status abnormality occurred]

[Recovery Attempt]

I took a deep breath.

[Correcting]

[‘Status Failed’ -&gt; ‘Mission Failed’]

[Penalty recovery…]

The status window changes.

More stable.

[outbreak!]

Mission Failed\: Building Collapses

– Disaster of collapsing buildings

\: Until the next disaster 00\:59\:59

hour.

“Hmm.”

“It’s okay it’s okay…”

My breathing slows down. The tension and irrational pressure that was building up to the top of my head ebbs and flows temporarily melting away leaving behind fatigue pain and reasonable anxiety.

“are you okay…”

I accepted it slowly almost leaning against Sun Ah-hyun.

“…”

That you are still alive.

* * *

“Water here.”

“…thanks.”

I accepted the plastic bottle of water that Sun Ah-hyun offered. It was a bit difficult to drink because my teeth were chattering but I drank as much as I could and wiped my mouth and saw the label.

‘This is.’

I wasn’t prepared considering that I would be caught on camera.

‘…If I got it from a vending machine there wouldn’t be any coins.’

Basically we were all naked wearing only stage costumes. Isn’t it funny to go on stage with something in your pocket? This question will be revealed in a moment.

“…!! Mundae hyung! Are you okay??”

As I moved a little with Sun Ah-hyun’s help I soon came face to face with Kim Rae-bin who was carrying an emergency flashlight and holding a lot of water.

It turned out that as soon as these two guys decided that I looked cold they rushed to the waiting room to look for a blanket and were separated from the members in a collapse accident.

‘I don’t know that stage equipment is falling on me.’

There’s no need to talk about it.

“…your wounds are severe. “There is a first aid kit in the waiting room so disinfect it first…”

“okay.”

I tried to comfort Raebin Kim who was almost crying and asked as calmly as I could.

“So this is the second floor where the waiting room is.”

“You are correct…”

The source of this water was the waiting room. The path down to the backstage on the first floor was blocked as the stage ceiling was pouring down.

If so.

“What about the other staff?”

“We got separated during the evacuation… I’m not sure where we went.”

“…”

I narrowed my eyes and looked at the two guys. Now that I look at them they look like they’ve rolled into a pit of dust.

I’m sure these kids heard some strange noise during the evacuation and didn’t stay here just to find me.

But it’s not too late to talk about that after you escape so let’s move on.

‘okay.’

escape.

I checked the status window pop-up that appeared earlier again.

In fact I didn’t even put it in.

…I’m afraid it will disappear.

[Mission Failed\: Building Collapse]

– Disaster of collapsing death

\: Until next accident 00\:55\:37

Status abnormality failure changed to mission failure and the scope became narrower and a bit kinder.

‘Is it because I have a ‘mission constitution’ that I connected with it?’

It looks like the words were put together somehow.

Still if I had seen that phrase in the status window before this shit started I would have wanted to turn away.

But now that this is happening I feel relieved. Where is one hour?

‘You can at least give it a try.’

It’s really traumatic when an idol you like breaks down while talking to you right in front of you. At least I want to leave some traces that I lived after that.

I went to the waiting room and received first aid as recommended by Kim Rae-bin.

“My back…”

“You just have to go out and get proper treatment.”

The hand treating my back trembled.

“What on earth were you doing upstairs while this was happening…?”

“…”

I hesitated for a moment and then changed my words.

As for what needs to be done in the future.

“Actually I was looking for the big moon.”

“Big moon…?”

“I saw you on that gold chat before.”

“ah!”

I’m sure he’s the one who just tried numerous searches in my status bar. Because he’s the only one who can access the status window.

‘And I think they somehow created a loophole in the interpretation by combining my title and mission constitution.’

It was similar to what I had done to him many times.

…He was trying to save me somehow.

then.

‘…I’ll have to check and see for myself whether Big Moon knows anything more and if he can handle this again in a similar way.’

But now communication is impossible.

[‘Mission failure’ penalty\: Restricting the use of status window additional functions.]

Now every time I try to have a pop-up chat with Geoldal this appears.

‘We have no choice but to meet in person.’

So for the sake of cooperation let’s be honest here.

“I saw this situation pop up in the status window like a warning.”

After explaining the general situation I swallowed my dry mouth and spoke.

“So let’s find Big Moon somehow and see if he knows anything…”

“Oh no.”

“…?!”

“Mundae is so injured right now. “I’ll take care of buying and looking into it until it’s rescued.”

“I want to do that too.”

Actually I don’t really want to do that but let’s at least say it.

Anyway.

“They say if we stay still… this building will collapse again in 49 minutes and 31 seconds.”

“…!!”

“I might find a way to stop it so I’ll do whatever I can.”

I got up. I felt like my strength had come back.

Let’s move.

That guy would definitely have stayed in the building despite seeing this.

* * *

“…”

Cheongnyeo pressed the call button on her smartphone.

Your phone is off so it goes to voicemail…

Beep.

It still rang the same sound.

No response.

But the traces before your eyes do not lie.

He opened the emergency door and saw the collapsed third floor hallway.

He would have come running here. and…

‘It was alive.’

At least up to here.

He looked down and turned on the flashlight function on his smartphone. Concrete and steel pieces are strewn about.

There are no traces of blood.

“It would be better to find a place that makes announcements…”

“quietly.”

“…”

Zhou Dan kept his mouth shut.

‘Did I follow you for no reason?’

When I saw the leader leaving the waiting room I followed my premonition of an incident and came out only to find myself trapped in a collapsed building.

‘There was a game like this… ’

Ju Dan frowned and followed Cheongryeo down the emergency stairs.
