---
title: "Chapter 430"
category: "book"
index: 429
section: "Chapter 430"
slug: "430"
---

# Chapter 430

Knock.

The sound of water drops echoed through the dark hallway.

“I guess the electricity went out.”

“Still I’m glad the emergency lights came on.”

While I was getting treatment on my back and changing my shirt in the waiting room even the lights that were flickering had gone out and the hallway on the second floor became extremely gloomy.

‘The wall in one corner even collapsed… ’

It was dangerous. Fortunately I was able to walk slowly thanks to the flashlight that Raebin Kim brought.

“It’s radish. Support…”

“I said it’s okay.”

The speed should not have decreased further here. It was worth walking.

And after a while I saw reality in front of the stairs leading to the backstage.

“hmm.”

The ceiling material that collapsed on the stage hit the door and a chunk of concrete was visible through the crack.

“It was blocked the second I heard it collapse.”

This means that when the 3rd floor hallway I was in collapsed this area was also destroyed.

‘When the stage set first collapsed I guess they told me not to come because it was dangerous.’

Anyway it will probably take up an hour to clear away rocks to get here so don’t hesitate and just throw it away.

In the end there is only one way to get around.

“We have to go down here.”

I went to the place where Sun Ah-hyun had taken me earlier.

One side of the wall had completely collapsed and there was an opening in the hallway right next to the stage.

“…”

I shined my flashlight downwards.

Hwii-

As the space expands the stuffy cool air reaches you.

The remains of the collapsed stage were visible but everything that was about to collapse had already been collapsed so it looked quite stable.

“Let’s go downstairs from here.”

On top of the collapsed stage.

The stage was huge encompassing the first floor where the audience was and the second floor where the stage equipment was.

And the second floor was divided in half with the stage at the center and the right side where the waiting room was was blocked from going further upstairs.

Well in the end the singers and agency employees are all outsiders so it was the right design not to connect the upper floors used by the officials but we were stuck.

‘So in the end there is no other way to move than here.’

Let’s write.

I grabbed what I had prepared in the waiting room.

It is a temporary rope made by twisting and tying thick curtains hung in the waiting room for purposes such as changing clothes.

It caught my eye while I was changing clothes.

“Would it be okay with curtains?”

“It’s okay because I twisted it several times.”

Meanwhile time continued to decrease.

[00\:33\:12]

“33 minutes left. “Time is running out so we have to figure out how to move.”

“…”

If we want to seize the opportunity to prevent another crazy accident where the building collapses again.

Raebin Kim opened his mouth with a determined look on his face.

“I will go first.”

“No first of all let me…”

“Ugh! “I’ll catch you…!”

“thank you!”

“…”

Okay do whatever you want. If I have to I’ll have to bend down so I can catch it.

Kim Rae-bin tied her waist tightly and asked as she watched Sun Ah-hyun fixing the other side of the curtain.

“Mundae do you know exactly how the given unit of one hour is measured?”

“I want to know that too.”

“It’s not clear.”

Raebin Kim nodded and carefully stepped off the edge of the concrete.

“I asked because if the building collapsed exactly one hour later it sounded more like someone had predicted that the building would collapse rather than a prediction.”

Look at this guy.

“…Let’s go downstairs and talk. be careful.”

“yes!”

He was indeed a sharp person in theory.

Just now it was clear that he was trying to hold back the question he wanted to ask ‘How does the status window know that?’

‘If I tell you that the system is after me… it will be bothersome.’

The problem wasn’t because they blamed me but because they were unnecessarily overprotective or worried things might not have progressed.

‘Let’s shut up.’

I carefully climbed down onto the remains of the stage after Raebin Kim.

And after confirming that Sun Ah-hyun landed safely he turned his head and looked at the audience…

“…”

“…Is there anyone?”

There was no answer from the audience covered in dust and darkness.

[—-]

There is only a small echo.

I felt uncomfortable…

‘Why isn’t there anyone?’

When I met a fan who was a graduate student earlier he said something with the nuance that there were definitely other people who couldn’t escape besides him.

‘In the first place if someone came down from the collapsed stage with the flashlight shining of course the people in the audience would have reacted.’

It was quite disturbing that there was no sound or reaction.

“It’s radish. First… I’ll find a way.”

“…yes.”

I took the rope made of curtains and carefully got off the stage. And the result of looking across the dark audience seats.

‘…the door was pressed.’

As the graduate student said all evacuation routes were blocked. It is a shape that was twisted and pressed probably because the weight balance was lost.

‘If you try to open it with force and it collapses there is no answer.’

There seemed to be no way to get out to the first floor lobby.

And there is no one else but us.

“The big moon that Brother Moon Dae is looking for must have come as an audience member so it seems highly likely that he has already escaped.”

“Hmm but I’m sure the door is still there… So if it’s not here doesn’t that mean it’s moved somewhere else?”

“Have you ever seen anyone else Brother Mundae?”

I saw it.

“…There was a fan on the other side of the emergency stairs.”

“…!!”

“I talked through the collapsed wall but the room I was in collapsed so I don’t know where he went after that.”

Worries and questions flash across both of their faces but they give realistic answers first.

“Then you could have gone upstairs.”

okay.

However the emergency exit leading to the opposite emergency staircase that my graduate student and I used was also half blocked by debris.

“Earlier… I think it was blocked by debris when the door gate fell.”

Isolation.

[00\:26\:51]

Meanwhile the time went down to less than 30 minutes.

‘…Let’s stay calm.’

Panic doesn’t help. Use your head.

‘I think it would be too risky to clear the area in front of that emergency staircase within 20 minutes.’

Wouldn’t it be better to somehow force the door open in the meantime and let these guys out?

I suppressed my sleep. And then I saw the darkness beyond the half-exposed emergency staircase.

I can’t just pass by. It’s too narrow.

‘It won’t work because all three of us are tall.’

Would it be better to scream… could it have a negative impact on the building?

‘I just need to be able to communicate somehow.’

I wish I could at least broadcast it… Wait.

“…Ravin.”

“yes?”

I lowered my gaze.

All escape routes were blocked but there was still one place left to move.

The place where the staff are stationed while preparing for filming. The place where I ran out in a panic.

Backstage.

And it came to mind while I was filming it.

‘We also prepared new equipment to use for filming this time.’

“Can you use a drone?”

“…??”

This broadcasting station wanted to do a new technology PPL so they tried filming with a new product.

There were one or two flying around during our filming and I saw the wreckage in front of the stage earlier.

‘then.’

Wouldn’t there be one or two spares?

I went backstage into a kind of makeshift editing room where temporary stage transmissions were managed.

Here too it was dark with no lights but it was obvious where to place such heavy and expensive equipment.

“…yes.”

And I found it in no time. A drone in an already torn box under the desk.

I picked up the drone.

“Let’s send this through the emergency stairs.”

“What a brilliant idea! “I didn’t know that Moon Dae had a hobby for drones.”

“doesn’t exist.”

“…?”

I grabbed Kim Rae-bin’s shoulder.

“I believe you can do it.”

“…”

Isn’t he a guy who is familiar with music equipment and various electronic devices? I believe that we can do this with amazing creativity and intuition.

“I will do my best…”

okay.

“Hey Moo Moon Dae the computer isn’t turning on…”

“Let’s do it on the laptop.”

Unfortunately the internet was not available but the drone has its own cellular system built into it so operation is possible.

then.

[Ooooh]

“…! “It will work!”

Raebin Kim quickly glanced through the drone manual picked up the joystick and with his eyes shining connected in an instant and activated the drone.

“Amazing Ravin…!”

“Yes it’s great.”

“no! As if it was a test run luckily it was already connected to the laptop in question. Then we will move to the emergency stairs immediately!”

“Ugh!”

‘…Is it a waste to only be an idol?’

I briefly thought about this guy’s abilities but now wasn’t the time to think about such things.

[00\:17\:52]

Because time was cut in half again.

‘Whoa.’

I clenched and unclenched my fists and headed toward the emergency stairs.

Squeak.

Open the iron door and Seon Ah-hyeon secures it with one foot.

Raebin Kim sat down holding a joystick.

“Then… I’ll send it to you.”

“okay.”

[Weeeeing-]

A drone flew through the black darkness.

“Fortunately I have enough batteries so the attached lights are doing their job.”

“I know…!”

The camera linked to the laptop shows a drone operated by a beginner tilting and holding it awkwardly. Climb up the stairs quickly and see the light…

“There’s a hole in the wall here.”

‘…You were standing here.’

This is the open wall I was talking about with the graduate student earlier.

Now instead of the supply room leaning into the empty space of the stage from the third floor and touching the wall the light from the drone just traversed the empty space.

“…”

On the other side there was a path connected to the backstage area where I exited from the stage set-up but it was an iron gate so I couldn’t open it with a drone.

…Where did it go?

“Let’s keep going.”

“yes.”

Let’s look for traces of people.

So if you climb up the railing at the top of the dark stairs illuminated by blue emergency exit lights and red fire hydrant lights turn around the corner and look up…

“…”

“…It’s blocked.”

thud.

Above it is also blocked by debris from the third floor entrance.

This is the floor where the supply room I entered earlier was located.

It seemed like it was blocked by the impact of the floor collapsing.

“…”

The search is over. Without any trace or income.

“ah…”

“What should I do?”

[00\:15\:47]

Fuck you.

I swallowed my saliva and tried to use my brain as best as I could.

If your stomach is clogged…

“Let’s go underground.”

“ah!”

The emergency stairs will lead to the underground parking lot.

People may have been reluctant to go down to the basement of a collapsing building so they may have gone upstairs but rationally it is possible to escape that way as well.

If there was a parking lot it would have been designed to withstand the load well and the entrance would have been large so it might not have collapsed.

‘Big Moon may have thought of that.’

“Then I will go there.”

[00\:14\:25]

The drone flies again. Let’s go down down…

“…!”

“The door is open!”

Surprisingly there is an iron door that has been artificially secured using a fire extinguisher.

‘I was prepared for it to collapse and twist the door.’

“Looks like there’s someone there…!”

“Yes let’s go in!”

Raebin Kim moved the joystick carefully with hasty hands.

Emergency lights flash across the laptop screen.

Beyond the iron gate was a hallway but no matter how I looked it didn’t seem to lead to the underground parking lot…

It seemed like a space used by facility management staff although I can’t be sure because it was dark. I think there will be a lounge or CCTV room or something like that.

‘Did everyone evacuate this way?’

But for that I can’t see any traces of people… Wait.

“That one.”

“oh!”

“It looks like a person.”

I saw something next to the clunky gray door at the end of the hallway. As soon as Kim Rae-bin saw him he moved the drone faster and approached…

“…??”

“…!?”

The person was right. however…

“Senior?”

It was a casting.

The guy who was standing in front of the door as if he was standing guard made eye contact and made a strange expression as if he had checked the drone then nodded with his chin resting. Why isn’t this guy surprised… No more than that.

‘Why are you here?’

Since VTIC was in the waiting room they would have been able to get out right away… No now that I think about it for a moment these guys were also in the waiting room but they couldn’t get out.

I looked back at Sun Ah-hyeon and Kim Rae-bin but they were also in a state of bewilderment at their senior who had suddenly made indirect contact with them.

‘I’m going crazy.’

[00\:12\:46]

I looked back and forth between the remaining time in the pop-up window and the front end of my laptop.

‘Let’s think about it. When you think about it… ’

Just when my head felt like it was going to overload suddenly. A bell rang behind me.

[DING-DING-]

“…!”

No it’s not like a smartphone ringtone… this.

“Announcement…?”

The moment I heard Sun Ah-hyun’s voice I took my eyes off the laptop screen and looked up.

Poor sound quality spreads out into the audience from speakers hanging in all directions next to the collapsed stage.

[I would like to inform everyone who is still in the building. The vibration seems to have almost stopped. However actions such as hastily breaking down the door can be dangerous.]

[You can wait for the rescue team in a safe place such as the emergency stairs or around the central pillar of the bathroom.]

It’s a calm well-spoken male voice.

No matter who hears it it’s the perfect voice to make an announcement in an emergency situation.

The problem is that it’s a voice I recognize.

And it’s a voice that even the people next to me know.

“…Brother Sejin?”

That’s Bae Se-jin.

Why isn’t that bastard going out and broadcasting over there?
