---
title: "Chapter 431"
category: "book"
index: 430
section: "Chapter 431"
slug: "431"
---

# Chapter 431

I took a deep breath.

…Let’s sort it out.

In the announcement Bae Se-jin is holding the microphone and on the drone screen the VTIC main board is visible.

‘Are you kidding me?’

There are 12 minutes left until the collapse. I don’t know where the guy is in the basement but there’s a guy in the announcement room.

Not all the managers and staff are fucking idiots and everyone escaped except for the celebrities they belong to.

[DING-DING-]

“The broadcast has ended…”

In the meantime Bae Se-jin’s voice disappeared.

‘then’

First quickly lure the side that is being confirmed. Because if you act like a parent here you could end up losing everything.

I gritted my teeth and looked at the laptop screen.

There’s a main… Why isn’t there?

“Where did this guy go again?”

“…! “Maybe he didn’t go into the room…?”

Fortunately he appeared on the screen again.

Holding A4 paper with writing on it.

-Are you a survivor inside the building??

It was an attempt at communication.

“omg!”

“This drone doesn’t have the ability to send voice so what should I do…”

“Move the drone up and down.”

“ah.”

The drone’s vision fluctuates depending on Raebin Kim’s manipulation. Then Ju Dan writes a new text on A4 and shows it.

-Are you looking for an escape route?

Raebin Kim nodded.

“hmm. “We are looking for someone so if we were to be precise the first answer would be no…”

“for a moment.”

No.

“It’s even stranger that a trapped person doesn’t find an escape route. Let’s just say we find it.”

“indeed!”

I had to start there and move the conversation forward quickly.

‘They’ll either ask us if we’ve achieved any results or guess our identity.’

I pictured the conversation in my head predicting his next response.

Meanwhile after seeing that the drone was moving up and down again he scribbled on A4 again and held up the completed sentence.

…a sentence I didn’t expect.

-There is an escape route in the employee area in the basement.

“…?!”

“Uh uhh.”

The sentence was not finished.

-There is a door leading to the outside and it operates because emergency power comes on.

“Then…”

“Preventing the collapse is important but since time is running out securing an escape route is also important!”

“Ugh that’s right!”

That is correct. If the situation arises at least the remaining personnel must be sent out.

The problem is…

‘I should ask since when it has been working.’

Normally in a building this size even emergency power would not last for an hour but I don’t know how much time we have left.

‘And this guy has a door so why isn’t he going out?’

another.

…Normally the door just opens and doesn’t require power.

The guy who was watching the oscillating drone writes one more line on the paper in real time.

-However a staff pass is required.

‘also.’

There was something.

I think I found a staff door that requires a security key to open.

-Please find your staff pass and come to the basement.

The stairs were blocked. You bastard.

I don’t know how I ended up falling alone and going underground but in the end only the mission was renewed.

‘…Find the staff ID and go to the basement.’

That too.

[00\:10\:34]

Within this time.

“…”

“I don’t think the staff ID was in the editing room earlier… But I’ll look for it one more time and come back…!”

“Then I need to find a way to go underground… Mundae?”

I put my laptop down on the floor.

“10 minutes left. “Both are impossible.”

“…”

“I’ll have to use another method.”

“yes?”

There’s nothing I can do when it’s like this.

I stood up and grabbed the curtain rope I had packed earlier.

* * *

Zhou Dan raised his head. A bright ray of light illuminates you from the end of the dark hallway.

[Weeeeing~]

Drones are now a familiar element in modern disaster apocalypse content.

‘Hoo.’

He clenched his chin and nodded. It seems that the survivors stranded in the building are slowly finding a way out in various ways.

In that case I guess I should respond in the traditional way.

He quickly turned around and entered the room.

“Perhaps I could borrow your smartphone…”

“…”

There is no answer either.

What did you expect?

He quickly changed his route and picked up an A4 sheet of paper.

-Are you a survivor inside the building?

The drone moves up and down vigorously. Oh he was a person who knew how to respond quite well. Ju Dan was interested and shared the information he knew quite sincerely.

‘What I’m looking for is… um. ‘That’s a bit much.’

You must live within your means. Zhou Dan shrugged his shoulders stumbled at the surprising information and suddenly saw the drone that had fallen to the ground.

‘There is more than half a chance that they are surprised and looking for the staff.’

This was enough to protect his own human rights.

“Brother a drone just came and had a short conversation. “It’s not a rescue team it’s another survivor trapped in this building.”

“okay.”

And there was a member of his party who showed no interest in this peculiarity.

Facility management room in the basement.

Cheongryeo was standing there operating the device with an expressionless expression.

I thought I wouldn’t be able to watch the CCTV because the power was out but I was able to use some sort of wirelessly charged portable security device to view some of the CCTV footage from the previous hour on a small screen.

Usually idols have never done it and have no way of knowing how to do it.

‘I guess that’s all the experience I gained while regressing.’

Joo-dan concluded that he may have lived as a murderer under pressure at least once in his many lives so he should continue to treat him with courtesy.

Whether he does it or not Cheongryeo quickly flips through the CCTV footage with mechanical movements.

The screen is dark because the lights don’t come on and then another screen.

“…”

And then.

“ah.”

there is.

Cheongnyeo confirmed the person she was looking for beyond the open wall of the second floor emergency staircase which was illuminated thanks to the light of the light stick.

Moon-Dae Park.

Immediately afterward he watched without moving until the entire supply room where Park Moon-dae was located collapsed.

“…”

I realized that my reasoning based on experience was surprisingly accurate.

There was no special joy.

It just confirmed what I already knew.

The supply room spilled out onto the collapsed stage. There is no CCTV as it was originally captured using broadcasting equipment. So it was impossible to confirm here.

Although there were no traces of blood when I checked with the naked eye earlier… it may have been buried underneath.

“…”

Cheongryeo lowered his hand.

I found out that I could check the surrounding audience seats with the remaining battery.

But I felt rejected.

because…

‘Because it’s quiet.’

If Park Moon-dae had lived unreasonable disasters would still continue to occur.

But quiet means… it’s over.

“…”

‘Why do I have to confirm that this guess is correct?’

Cheongryeo quietly looked down at the equipment without any expression.

And Judan was also watching it. A bit distant.

“…?”

Does that guy have flashbacks to the past?

It was then.

Kkkkkkkkkkkwagwang!

“…!!”

A tremendous amount of vibration and noise came from somewhere above or even further away upstairs and even hit the basement.

It was the third collapse.

“Ugh!”

Objects fall and everything shakes.

Zhou Dan thought as he immediately went under the desk to protect his head.

‘Is this foreshadowing?’

This is a role that gives good information to the protagonists who flew the drone but is dead when they go underground.

‘That’s troublesome.’

Deciding to be fully prepared he lifted his head in good conscience and looked at the group.

And I was surprised.

“…!”

Cheongryeo… was smiling faintly.

The sight of them standing still and smiling amidst the shaking equipment and flashing lights seemed somewhat unrealistic.

‘…Do you really feel the sense of being alive in danger?’

It was speculation.

And amidst the roar and collapse Cheongnyeo’s murmurs were heard.

“Shall I go look for it?”

* * *

8 minutes before collapse.

“Mumundae?”

“for a moment.”

I returned to the collapsed stage and carefully climbed back onto it.

‘Where we came down earlier.’

And I looked around the structure of this place again including the stage.

The second floor area is divided into right and left halves in a ‘ㄷ’ shape due to the stage occupying the center space.

‘We used the curtain as a rope to fall in the waiting room area on the right.’

On the right a collapsed wall was visible.

And the second floor on the other side is the office area used by broadcasting station employees and officials.

A place where you can go upstairs. But it’s a place you can’t go to.

‘after’

I took a breath and turned my head to the two guys.

“I have a favor to ask.”

“What…?”

“I need to go up there again but can you help me?”

“…!”

He clearly looked embarrassed when he was told that he would return to the waiting room hallway.

“Are you trying to look for a staff ID?”

“It’s similar. “But I don’t have time to explain.”

I spoke quickly.

“If I go…”

“I don’t have time to explain how to find it so hurry!”

Sun Ah-hyun bit her lip. It looked like he was going to shout no at any moment but he soon nodded with a firm face.

“Oh okay… I do it because I believe in it.”

“…okay.”

Damn it.

To avoid unnecessary guilt I turned my head and tied the curtain rope around my waist.

If you hang it in the middle and climb up you won’t die if you trip and climb up. If you tie one side to the wall you can catch these guys and come up later.

“You have to lean back…!”

“You must tread comfortably!”

“okay.”

I stepped on the thighs and shoulders of the two guys and jumped stretching my hands into the air.

‘Gotcha…!’

Done.

After grabbing the rebar I used my arm strength and reaction to raise my other hand to the floor of the second floor.

The ship crashes roughly into broken concrete.

Sigh.

‘Fuck’

It hurts so bad. But the important thing is…

‘It means we’ve arrived…!’

“Huh.”

I rolled up onto the second floor. I untied the curtain rope from my waist. A shout was heard from below.

“Are you okay?!”

“uh! “It’s dangerous because it’s sharp so now get off the stage and go to the center pillar. I’ll call you when it’s over!”

“All right! How many minutes are left?”

[00\:04\:31]

“…8 minutes!”

If you do this you won’t panic even after 4 minutes.

I took a step after confirming that they had heard.

I then went around a few rooms with the flashlight on looking for an employee ID card but I couldn’t find it either.

It’s worth it. Because this is a space used by outsiders.

[00\:01\:57]

‘There were no employee IDs even backstage.’

As expected the space where the employees were located was the right place to save it. I had to go to the office space on the second floor on the other side.

But what if there is no way?

‘…I have to make it.’

I spun around and walked to the end of the hallway assessing the location of the stage.

“…Whew.”

here.

Beyond the wall of this small waiting room is the opposite area. maybe.

“…”

Of course I don’t have the ability to break down this wall. It might be more realistic to clear the area in front of the emergency stairs below but… we don’t have time.

‘If that’s the case.’

Don’t you think like this?

see.

It is certain that the building will collapse soon targeting me. However if the building collapses again the debris accumulated in the area where it already collapsed does not disappear.

‘But a healthy wall can be destroyed…!’

[00\:01\:03]

I started moving heavy objects around the waiting room in front of the wall.

‘Just now the wall fell clearly aiming at me.’

In that case it is highly likely that this disaster which Geoldal (presumed) discovered a contradiction and renamed as ‘mission failure’ became more localized and milder there.

They even kindly informed us that it was collapsing.

‘Use it in reverse.’

I’ve survived it twice so I’ll do better this time.

Take a deep breath clear your mind and prepare.

The countdown has begun.

[00\:00\:03]

[00\:00\:02]

[00\:00\:01]

Pop.

A choppy sound.

I was leaning against the wall.

[00\:00\:00]

I turned to the side.

“…!”

At the same time the room shakes with a tremendous explosion. And the heavy furniture and metal props that had been piled in front of me fell to where I was.

Kikiikikiikiigwagwang!

Even heavy ceiling lights.

‘Fuck you’

For a moment I felt regret that I had done something crazy… no shut up that’s all. This is correct!

in action!

I rolled to the side.

“Inhale”

Then she slid her body and went under the dressing table.

Sharp debris splashes onto my cheek causing a burning sensation.

Chewy profit-

And the crashing sound and shaking. When it calmed down a bit.

…Sounds that were not expected start to resonate loudly.

“Aaaahhh!”

“It’s mom!”

Screams and shouts.

“…”

I stumbled out from under the dresser.

All kinds of objects were smashed and rolling on the floor. And light and sounds were coming out from beyond the half-collapsed wall. I walked slowly.

Beyond the wall seen after stepping on the rubble…

“This person here… Mumundae??”

There were more than ten people sitting in front of the elevator.

It didn’t end there.

Sounds come from all over the hallway vaguely visible with flashing emergency lights.

“Who are you?”

“What’s happening now?”

“…”

Everyone who wasn’t in the audience was here.

‘what.’

I blinked. And because of that shock I saw it a beat later…

[Management Office]

A nameplate hangs on an open door showing an announcement device with a microphone.

And the guy who ran out of there as if he was falling.

“…Park Moon-dae?”

It was a big Sejin wearing a stage costume.

He looked at me in disbelief then ran over and grabbed my head with both hands.

It didn’t end there.

“Mundae??”

“what?”

Other guys come out one by one from beyond the door.

“Mundae hyung!!”

“You… you…!!”

Ryu Cheong-woo rolls up Cha Yu-jin’s arms whose harness was torn.

And even Bae Se-jin who was on air earlier.

‘…no.’

It was the worst. The fact that they are all here is nothing short of a nightmare.

And yet.

Damn it’s nice to meet you.

I opened my mouth with difficulty.

“…sorry.”

“You crazy crazy bastard…!”

“…”

This is the first time I’ve heard this guy swear like this. And that too in front of the fans.

But I wasn’t angry. The pain in my ribs from hugging was bearable.

‘It’s heavy bastard.’

I paused for a moment to ask all my questions and check things out and accepted the reunion.

However the pop-up was being updated again.

[outbreak!]

Mission Failed\: Building Collapses

-Disaster of a collapsing building (completed)

\: Until the final disaster 00\:29\:59
