---
title: "Chapter 432"
category: "book"
index: 431
section: "Chapter 432"
slug: "432"
---

# Chapter 432

A few hours ago.

After Park Moon-dae ran out onto the stage and stage equipment poured down on him like a lie.

Wow!

Ugh huh huh!

In a backstage filled with screaming falling and confusion Lee Se-jin stood and thought.

‘Is it a dream?’

It seems like I’m having a strange nightmare.

Otherwise how would it be possible for a member who was fine to suddenly collapse and run out onto the stage with stage equipment falling on top of him?

No matter how much you have experienced supernatural phenomena this is so absurd… I mean it doesn’t make sense.

‘There’s no way something like this could happen… ’

match.

pain.

“Come to your senses!”

When he turned his head he saw Bae Se-jin hitting his back with a pale face.

“It could be alive. I need to check if it’s alive…!”

“…!!”

Sejin Lee took a breath. Sound poured in.

He again looked at the stage where the massive and massive equipment had collapsed into a mess.

It wasn’t so dense that you could see anything like a person through the cracks. But there is a possibility that there is space inside…

“I need to check inside.”

Perhaps because he heard those blank words Liu Chengyu was heard speaking in a rare emotional voice.

“Opposite backstage!”

“…!”

“Let’s go there!”

Cha Yu-jin immediately jumped out. The remaining members also took advantage of the staff and employees’ inability to stop them due to the confusion and turned backstage and started going in the opposite direction.

However on the other side where we arrived… there were only completely collapsed steel structures piled up like scary sculptures.

“…sigh.”

Cheesy…

Electricity bouncing from broken lights.

And a steel frame with some blood stains on it.

I could eerily imagine what it would have been like the moment I was crushed.

It shouldn’t have been like that.

‘I’m alive here… ’

It was that moment.

thud.

Kikigiggakkukukunggiikgwagwang!

It’s as if he’s asking me to meme my thoughts. In an instant even the concrete structure on the ceiling above the stage collapses again.

“…!!”

*Come here! hurry!”

The walls shook.

“Go in now!”

The members rushed up the emergency staircase that Cha Yu-jin had opened as if she had rushed over and ripped it open.

And while hearing the screams shouts and footsteps coming from all directions they must have followed the staff’s instructions and escaped.

Even if you haven’t seen this.

“…Blood stains here!”

What Bae Se-jin found without realizing it was Park Moon-dae’s blood traces leading upwards.

“…That’s how it happened.”

“…”

Ryu Cheong-wu explained all of the briefly summarized explanations.

After that we gathered the people who were still in the building to make it easier to escape but after another collapse the doors to the first and third floors were all blocked so we were isolated on the second floor.

And then I realized.

I saw it with a drone earlier… the iron gate on the second floor opposite the wall of the collapsed emergency staircase.

That wasn’t the door I got out of backstage when the stage collapsed. At that time I was running away and got confused for a moment.

‘Because of the height the backstage door would have been next to where we flew the drone.’

The tightly closed iron door on the second floor… was actually connected to this office space.

Liu Chengwu finished speaking.

“So Sejin came up with the announcement. Fortunately the radio is rechargeable so I can use it.”

“…”

That’s why I couldn’t escape because I couldn’t let go of the possibility that I might still be here alive.

I’m going crazy.

I barely spoke.

“thank you. But in the future…”

“…in future?”

I tried to say ‘Don’t do such a reckless thing’ but when I realized that my nose was three inches wide I decided to keep my mouth shut.

Even if I hadn’t done something that seemed suicidal in the first place there’s no way these guys would have stayed.

“…I’ll explain when I have time but I’m really in a hurry this time.”

“…”

Liu Chengyu looked at me with an expression that said he had a lot to say but in the end he didn’t pour it all out.

Because I also explained it.

“…You said you still don’t have enough time so let’s get up first.”

“yes.”

I don’t know if it’s the system or something but I just explained that the status window displayed a collapse message.

[00\:26\:03]

“Then that means we have to find the person named Geodal first.”

“yes. But for others escape comes first.”

Then open the door to the management office and come out. Just then someone pops out from the next room.

“It’s here!”

Cha Yu-jin was holding three or four employee ID cards in her hands.

In just a few minutes the office in this hallway has already achieved its goal.

“I found it with the fans. “Let’s get out quickly now!”

There must also be sufficient manpower.

In the same sense we were able to take care of the two guys in the audience at the same time because there were enough people.

“omg!!”

I turned my head when I heard a fan screaming next to me.

“Bar Park Mun-dae…!”

“brother! “You’re safe!”

“…!”

I saw the two guys Bae Se-jin had brought over from beyond the wall. Maybe I felt that way too.

It seems like they climbed up using the hanging rope so it’s even more dusty than before.

“…”

And they both looked like they were almost in tears.

From their perspective… the building suddenly collapsed early and they lost contact with the guy who climbed up.

Damn it.

“that…”

I hastily rolled my head.

“I miscalculated the time.”

“Oh I don’t believe it.”

I was in big trouble.

“Park Moon-dae you…”

“It was a real mistake.”

I moved with Sun Ah-hyeon and Kim Rae-bin as if I was under siege with Bae Se-jin looking at me with suspicion. Meanwhile it is surprising that Kim Rae-bin even brought a laptop and a drone joystick.

“Raebin Kim! are you okay? What is that? “We have to make ourselves lighter!”

“You shouldn’t judge value based on your knowledge alone…”

Kim Rae-bin rarely checked his surroundings and grasped the atmosphere.

“…It’s an item that could possibly be used for escape!”

The problem was this. The point is that there are dozens of fans looking at us right now.

I can still hear the whispering.

“Are there any kids left?”

“Ah… what should I do?”

In this situation I don’t know what might happen if we just disappear and talk to each other instead of briefing on the status window.

In fact it is one thing to be trapped but because you are a public figure you attract attention. They are fans to begin with and they are still as worried about us as they are about their own situation.

This means that I didn’t just go into the room and chat with Ryu Cheng-wu for no reason.

The level of difficulty increased a bit as I had to be careful not to make unnecessary noise while spreading the word.

Of course the remaining time is running out.

[00\:24\:01]

Of course there are people who are still agitated by the rapidly changing atmosphere and situation.

“Hey… is there a problem?”

“are you okay. “I accidentally fell alone in the beginning and everyone was surprised.”

“ah…”

I smiled as gently as I could. I hope it felt roughly similar to a fan signing event.

The fan was glancing at my changed top. The rest will all stand out because they are all in stage costumes.

‘You probably didn’t notice the wound.’

“That’s right~ Still I’m so glad we met like this right? I was really surprised and happy earlier! “Now I think we just have to worry about getting out safely!”

Big Sejin jokes and pats my shoulder.

Even so the guy who cursed earlier must have had a hard time trying to calm the atmosphere in the hallway.

“Thank you…”

“Go out and talk.”

“…”

No there was a situation… so it happened.

I started with the urgent things right away.

“I wonder if there are any male audience members here.”

There are people scattered all over the office so isn’t it quite likely that Geundall is among them?

‘You may not have noticed the fuss because you were accessing the status window.’

Judging from the fact that he attempted to search more than a hundred times he must have been concentrating all his attention on it.

“If it’s something that requires effort wouldn’t we all be able to do it together?”

“no. ah. “It’s not like that I’m just looking for someone.”

“iced coffee…”

I seemed to be in quite a hurry so without even asking what was going on everyone started looking for someone.

But there isn’t. Most of the fans are women and the one or two remaining staff members are all women.

“hmm.”

It would be foolish to delay further.

“What should I do…”

“are you okay. “Let’s start with evacuation.”

I spoke to the fans and winked at Liu Chengwu. Liu Chengwu calmly gathered people together and began to talk about moving underground.

“Do you see Ravin in there? It’s a control device and they say they used it to confirm that there was a door in the basement. “Let’s take our order and take turns…”

People quickly woke up to the hopeful story. Then even people who were scattered far and wide looked up with anxious faces.

Among them there was a person who was squatting in a corner of a room and sticking his head out.

“Mumundae?”

“…!!”

Even though I had heard similar sounds many times this one was a little different.

Because I just heard that light stick and that voice.

‘ah.’

…It was the fan I saw in the equipment room earlier. postgraduate student.

You escaped well.

“Uh oh…”

“hello. I saw it earlier. “Us.”

When our eyes met I could see him holding back tears.

I guess I didn’t tell anyone that I fell and died.

‘If I tell you it will only create fear.’

It’s easy for anyone to think that way but it’s not normal to keep enduring it.

I spoke in as gentle a voice as possible. I don’t have time but I have to fucking do this.

“Ahyeon caught me and I got out. “Thank you for your concern.”

“no…”

His face soon became calm as if he was trying to remain as calm as possible given the situation. As a graduate student it seems certain that one of the two is either low mental strength or a high threshold for mental pain.

Anyway now is not the time to enjoy the afterglow. I guess I should follow suit too.

I also asked this graduate student.

Since I couldn’t see the man himself I planned to collect eyewitness accounts this time.

“Have you ever seen a man this tall wearing glasses? “He looks like he’s in his late 20s.”

“They said you’re handsome.”

“…”

Even when Geun Se-jin is upset he still helps out. I don’t know if it helps.

The graduate student had a blank expression on his face as if he had no idea what the hell this was all about. I knew so…

“I think I know myself!”

“…!!”

“I fell while leaving the front seat and couldn’t use the escape route in time… There was someone who helped me up at that time!”

what?

A graduate student gestures with his hands and feet.

“Wearing a hat and glasses like this… he’s tall his skin is white and yes I think he’s handsome!”

It matches perfectly.

I asked hastily.

“Did he evacuate?”

“Oh no it was already blocked due to evacuation so the members called me and tried to come up with me…”

The graduate student had a look on his face that made him think he was somewhere out of the chaos.

But there is no such guy here.

“uh? “Where have you been…?”

Damn it!

“When will that be?”

“That was the second time there was a mess! “When the stage completely fell apart… that’s when!”

“You came up the emergency stairs.”

“Uh huh!”

I took a deep breath and plotted the route in my head.

This person was sitting in the front left audience seat.

‘He probably tried to run back and get out.’

However he fell in the middle and Keundal helped him up. In the meantime the escape route was blocked and everyone went to the emergency stairs.

‘But there is no big moon on the emergency stairs… ’

It wasn’t visible even when viewed from a drone and the third floor had collapsed.

then.

“…”

Oh damn.

I turned and ran down the hallway.

“hey!”

“Who’s left! “Everyone else please go down to the basement via the emergency stairs!”

I screamed and then climbed over the wall.

Then in an instant Seon Ah-hyeon and Keun Se-jin were on both sides.

“You now…”

“I think I found it!”

I passed the dressing room and headed up to the collapsed stage where the stair ropes were still hanging.

And saw.

The audience beyond the stage.

“Why are you here again?”

I held my breath and held the rope.

“I’ll be here.”

“…!!”

The big moon is still in the audience.

‘And the reason we couldn’t meet each other even though we were here for a while… ’

Because we can’t meet.

“But he’s probably passed out.”

“…!”

Why did he suddenly disappear from the route? It is impossible to move.

‘Isn’t it because I can’t use my body?’

There is a high possibility that instead of concentrating on accessing the status window to prevent this damn thing he opened the status window again.

So I couldn’t follow it to the emergency stairs and still…

“I’m sure he’ll be in the audience.”

My head becomes clearer.

I grabbed the rope and wrapped it around my waist. I was planning on going down like this and searching around but… wait.

‘There is a problem.’

As my head cleared I could also see the size of the dark audience seats.

“…under.”

This is an audience seating area that can accommodate 1000 people.

I wonder if I will have time to discuss anything with him in this area after finding him and waking him up in time.

[00\:19\:35]

Within this hour?

Then you can go up here again and go underground.

“…”

X is done.

In fact I knew I had to move quickly when I felt that emotion but I instinctively lost strength and let go of the rope for a moment.

A low voice was heard from next to me.

“Park Moon-dae you’re hurt now.”

“not really.”

“No I will come down and come back quickly so give it to me.”

Big Sejin held out his hand with a stern expression. And Sun Ah-hyun also approaches without hesitation.

“no…! “I’ve used ropes and know the downhill area well… so I’ll go and come back.”

I’m going crazy.

The rope must have been wrapped around his waist well. The moment you think about just throwing yourself down because you might get lucky.

Patter.

“…!”

Huge stage and audience seats. The end of that dark and vast space.

A small sound was heard from the corner where the blue light was coming from. It was an emergency exit.

“That’s…”

This is where I put the drone because it was half-blocked.

But like a lie that’s where the shoehorn comes out.

Men’s dress shoes that are dusty but still look good.

And then the long legs come out from under the emergency lights and finally the face of the upper body that comes out shaking its hands…

“…!!”

Cheongnyeo.

The guy turned his gaze away without even looking around the audience. On the collapsed stage. To us with flashlights.

“…”

What is this… situation? Cheongnyeo smiled faintly and opened her mouth under the emergency lights.

“Who are you looking for?”

In his hand was a portable surveillance device that appeared to be for use by facility employees.

…CCTV.
