---
title: "Chapter 433"
category: "book"
index: 432
section: "Chapter 433"
slug: "433"
---

# Chapter 433

“…”

I stopped my hand.

This is not the first time that an unexpected face appears in a collapsed building but it is so unrealistic.

Cheongnyeo.

I thought that guy would already be doing an interview outside.

‘I thought I escaped smoothly.’

Isn’t he a guy with experience?

However no matter how dark the audience was the blue sky under the emergency lights was not a hallucination.

No and even if there were some left how did they get out of the half-blocked emergency door?

However there is no time or opportunity to ask questions for a long time.

The guy starts walking in a frozen atmosphere as if he has seen a ghost. Shoes sound like footsteps and voices are heard again.

“Junior?”

At that moment I knew what to do.

“What you have in your hand.”

I swallowed.

“Is it CCTV?”

“…”

He stopped in front of the stage and raised his head.

“As expected there was something I was looking for.”

“person.”

I picked up the rope again.

“There’s someone passed out in this audience.”

“…”

“I have to find it.”

Cheongryeo stopped and turned her gaze to the audience.

I stared at him with cold sweat in my hands barely noticing that the rope had been taken back by Sun Ah-hyun.

And the answer came back.

“Well I think I already found it.”

“…!”

He picked up a CCTV device.

An infrared camera was operating near the main entrance escape route.

“excuse me!”

I hastily turned on the flashlight. A collapsed leg can be seen under the rear seat on the left exterior.

Keun Se-jin runs closer and shines his upper body with his flashlight.

“for a moment.”

When the guy turns his upper body under the chair a familiar face is revealed.

Ryu Geon-woo’s face with his hat removed.

It’s a big month.

‘after.’

I exhaled.

On Cheongryeo’s CCTV which was ‘accidentally’ watching the audience it was even possible to check the recording of the big moon suddenly falling down during the evacuation.

There’s a lot to say about that though.

“I’ll get you up first.”

“for a moment.”

This is urgent now.

While holding the big moon I first checked the status window.

[00\:15\:53]

…There is no change.

‘There is no such thing as contact.’

Of course I have to talk to you in person to find out anything.

“Big moon Park Moon-dae Ryu Geon-woo!”

I tapped and shook Big Moon’s shoulder using all the titles he used.

However the large moon does not even flinch and just shakes as an external force enters it.

‘…no way.’

I put my hand under his nose. Fortunately he is breathing. It’s quite stable even like sleeping.

So… what does it mean to be in a state where you can’t wake up even now?

‘There may still be something going on inside the status window.’

I decided not to waste any more time. Because the time limit was tight.

‘But there’s no problem with going out.’

First pick it up and move…

“it’s crazy?”

“I gave myself a rat…!”

“…”

…I tried to do it but I ended up having to move along with the others.

“You have to stand in a line and move.”

“…okay.”

Because the roads leading underground are all lumped together there won’t be enough space to move around.

Still it was fortunate that the passage near the emergency staircase where Cheongnyeo came from was open and it was time to return.

I lifted the big moon together with Sun Ah-hyeon and Big Se-jin. As long as the balance is right lifting one person doesn’t seem to be a big problem.

“Well would you like me to listen to you?”

“That’s it.”

I didn’t even think about having someone else do it. However Cheongryeo surprisingly held up the neck of the large moon in front.

“…!”

‘Is there something this guy is kinking about?’

Let’s take a closer look at this amazingly cooperative thing later.

“Let’s go first.”

First of all escape.

We started moving quickly towards the emergency stairs. The dark audience seats quickly pass behind you.

A voice was heard from the black silhouette of Big Sejin in front.

“Senior I didn’t expect to see you here but how did you end up staying?”

“well.”

The flashlight showed Keun Se-jin gritting his teeth and holding back with superhuman facial expression control. It doesn’t seem like anyone else’s business.

‘You shouldn’t ask questions.’

[00\:13\:06]

There are 13 minutes left.

And although there was a lot of debris in front of the emergency stairs where we arrived it was still passable as long as you walked carefully.

I don’t know when I cleaned it up

‘Enough.’

“Let’s go in carefully!”

“okay.”

We entered the emergency exit being careful not to break the big moon’s neck or limbs.

Then suddenly I heard a voice right next to my ear.

“You’re here.”

“…??”

I almost hit him.

Instead when I turn my head what I see is the guy I saw with the drone earlier. Sun Ah-hyun’s embarrassed voice is heard as she holds up the flashlight.

“Senior Seo…?”

“Nice to meet you. Testers. “Given the circumstances I thought you would be able to rescue at least one person.”

It was a VTIC cast.

Why is the guy who saw the exit from the basement here… no way.

I glanced at him.

Unlike Cheongnam who was dressed in a suit to watch the MC Judan was in civilian clothes as if he had just arrived at the waiting room.

In short it means that it is an outfit that is more suitable for working.

‘…This guy cleaned it up together.’

“Let’s go first.”

For some reason it didn’t make sense to say that he cleaned it up alone but there was an additional labor force.

Ju Dan shrugged his shoulders shaking off his dusty gloves.

“We were cooperating pretty hard to get the perfect timing.”

I don’t know what this nonsense is.

“And as expected it leads to a standard successful happy ending.”

Think whatever you want.

“Yes thank you anyway.”

Meanwhile his eyes which had adapted to the darkness finally saw the fans moving behind him with their heads covered.

It appears that after clearing up evacuation has begun.

“Zhu Judan??”

Like just now the person who discovered the VTIC unconsciously shouts out its name but basically everyone keeps their mouths shut and moves frantically.

Someone will get hurt if they move an unconscious person between them.

“I have to let it go and move on.”

“okay.”

We took a moment to catch our breath with the big moon leaning against our bodies.

‘after.’

I suddenly opened my mouth as I observed people walking down the stairs leaving gaps between them to avoid falling.

This is because the staff threw it away to prevent spoilers so the audience did not have it but Cheongryeo remembered something he had.

‘I spoke on the phone.’

Smartphone.

“Did you report it?”

“ah.”

The guy lowered his gaze to the pocket of his suit jacket. From the looks of it it doesn’t seem like it was done.

It’s quicker to escape now than to report it so it’s better to keep moving without complaining.

“Hmm that’s strange.”

“what.”

“no.”

“…”

Let’s not argue. Escape comes first.

However on the other hand he opens his mouth again.

On to another topic.

“It’s pretty stable.”

“what.”

“Your junior’s condition.”

This probably means that for a guy who will soon be left behind due to a status abnormality failure he doesn’t seem to be in immediate danger of his life and his mental state seems to be quite good.

“What do you know?”

I can’t answer but I feel eyes on both sides. Sun Ah-hyun and Keun Se-jin.

‘shit’

This… it would be better to explain it roughly.

“…I can see the time of the next collapse.”

“yes.”

“…The next one is final. “It was said to be the last.”

For a moment silence fell.

Those who were listening also noticed.

“last?”

“okay. “I think it’s over.”

“ah…!”

Actually it can be interpreted in many ways.

But before the people present could think about the meaning a voice was heard from above.

“There you are!”

“ah!!”

“…! “You removed that from the door!”

The guys who sent the audience away first finally started running down from the second floor.

“Are they all there?!”

“okay!”

As soon as the other members of Testa spotted us they were happy and ran over.

“you!! Please consult first before taking action!”

Let’s say you’re happy.

Cha Yu-jin who ran first shouted.

“Brothers are here! Everyone Oka… Who the hell was that?!”

“Do you remember the person I was looking for?”

“Oh-”

The guy let out a long exclamation then looked at Big Moon’s drooping face and nodded.

“Give it to me! “I carry it.”

“No it’s okay.”

Keundal’s body passed through many people’s hands like a restaurant bill and was eventually placed on Cha Yu-jin’s back.

“song!”

Those who checked the VTIC seemed surprised by that as well but started walking with the tacit agreement that going down was the priority.

“Can we leave now?”

“yes.”

Everything that can be done has been done. The atmosphere just before escape with the pressure and tension slightly eased.

I cut it open and heard Cheongryeo mumbling.

“hmm. It’s probably one of two things. Either that will end the disaster or…”

Are you still counting?

“Your opportunity is over junior.”

“…”

after.

“What does that mean?”

“Park Moon-dae?”

I kept my mouth shut. Cheongryeo finished the sentence.

“The building completely collapsed.”

at that time.

thud.

Kukukung-!

“…!”

“vibration?”

“Brother I can’t believe time has been distorted again this time…”

“no.”

I quickly checked the pop-up.

[00\:09\:59]

There is definitely time left.

“I’m sure there’s time left.”

Then Bae Se-jin muttered with a pale face.

“…Isn’t the bigger the collapse the earlier the signs appear?”

“…”

There was a short silence.

Cheongryeo muttered again.

“hmm. “I guess it was the latter.”

Is now the time to say something like that?

“If you know run!”

I started running quickly taking the others with me.

bang!

“Aaaah!”

A scream rang out from the basement.

I shouted.

“key! “Where are the keys?”

“I gave it to the person in front! “Two!”

There is no way Liu Chengwu would lie so it is the truth.

Then people should be leaving right away…

‘Why are they all together?’

The underground hallway we arrived at was filled with dozens of people.

Squeak!

“Ughhhhh!”

And every time a loud noise is heard from above people cover their heads with light sticks or their hands.

‘what.’

Why am I not getting better?

“wait a minute!”

I delved into the crowd of people. A person standing in front of an iron gate with the words ‘for facility security’ written on it shouted urgently as soon as our eyes met.

“The door here won’t open!”

“…”

what?

I made my way through the crowd. Then I took it from the hand of the audience member holding the card key and put it on myself.

Beep-!

[This is an unauthorized card.]

refusal.

‘Fuck you.’

I held up another card.

Beep-!

Next one too.

Beep-!

“…”

It doesn’t work.

“…!!”

“Why doesn’t this work??”

“Huh huh huh huh.”

I shook my head among the people who seemed to be hyperventilating from embarrassment and fear.

There is a reason.

‘The reason it doesn’t work is… ’

Let’s think let’s think.

‘You don’t have permission?’

I busily looked at the keypad for the security key and the iron door. And then I saw it again. The words written on the iron gate.

[For facility security]

“…”

Oh damn.

“Mundae?!”

“Wait a minute!”

I made my way through the crowd of people almost shouting.

“What are you doing?!”

“Card for facility managers!!”

I yelled.

“The ones we brought are office workers and must have security cards!”

“…!”

Since this is a space for the security team it was not strange at all that the permissions were set that way.

I gritted my teeth.

‘Is there a possibility that at least one person was left behind?’

If you go to the next room like this and search… Okay fuck it. I know.

‘I couldn’t even find the cast iron that came first.’

Still you should try it right? I told the people and prepared to shake it up and search it.

It was then.

“Junior.”

Tuk.

A square plastic badge with a golden logo on it waves before my eyes. Cheongryeo just took it out of the inside pocket of her suit and held it out.

“Here.”

“…”

[Seton Security]

“It was in the dresser where the CCTV was.”

I immediately snatched it up and ran forward.

And brought it.

Tiririk!

With a short and cheerful major sound.

Sweet.

“It’s open!”

The door was opened.

Shouts screams and desperate footsteps intersect with the sound of cracks as people exit through the open door. The outside air hits my face.

“under.”

I covered my face with one hand.

I almost got in big trouble.

‘For some reason that bastard hasn’t escaped.’

It was clear that they were clearing it because there was a way out there.

“If you are Cheongryeo you probably didn’t share it in case I betray you in an extreme situation.”

“no. “You were next to me when the CCTV security was disarmed.”

“…”

This guy Judan couldn’t recognize his employee ID because it was in the form of a badge…

‘No anyway I opened it and that’s it.’

I deliberately held the door open and stepped aside to take my time pretending to lead the people out smoothly.

[00\:06\:16]

Time is ok.

“You all get out quickly!”

“I will.”

It would be like that as the fans leaving behind would turn around and say something one by one.

“Everyone left right?”

“Let’s go now!”

And the needlessly responsible guys followed suit and waited until the end so I opened the door again as if to tell them to leave first.

Then the eyes of some of them narrow.

“You can’t believe it…”

“I said no.”

Hey anyway would I volunteer to stay in a collapsing building?

Thud thud thud!

A heavy cracking sound is heard from above again. I hastily opened my mouth.

“I was looking at the time because I wanted to go out last. Get out now! “The longer it goes on the later it becomes.”

“…”

However Sun Ah-hyun took a deep breath and stopped.

“…!”

“If we don’t go out at the same time I won’t go out.”

Oh damn.

‘I was trying to increase the distance between us in case something crazy happens again.’

I gave Cheongryeo a look but he just looked at me without reacting.

And not only Sun Ah-hyeon but also other guys hold the door and start looking at me. Are you fighting?

‘I’m going to go back.’

5 minutes left you crazy people.

“…”

I looked back and forth between the door and the guys then finally opened my mouth while holding back a sigh.

‘Whether you push or anything the angle will come out.’

“…Okay let’s go out together.”

“…!! huh!”

I pushed Sun Ah-hyeon’s back and came out.

That moment.

The outdoor air pours in.

The cool air of early fall.

It was dark in places like the backyard that were hidden by the container wall but as soon as I turned away from the wall sunlight came down.

“…!”

…It was sunset.

At that moment the anxiety nervousness sharp warning of survival instinct and cold fear disappear in an instant.

Everything was pulled out as if it were being sucked in and only peace remained.

“ah…”

I took a deep breath and exhaled. My head felt cool.

And the pop-up changes as if you hit it right.

[00\:04\:47]

[00\:04\:47]

[Goal lost]

[clear]

A sense of stability returned.

I turned around and looked at the building we came out of.

The roaring sound had disappeared before I knew it.

I opened my mouth unconsciously.

“…It’s over.”

“uh?”

“I think it’s over. breakdown.”

The other guys also looked back at the building and then let out a long sigh or then burst into small laughter.

It has never been so refreshing.

* * *

Although the body is heavy the atmosphere is quite friendly and hopeful.

“Phew.”

“Everyone worked hard.”

“I’m glad everyone came out safely…”

“But we’d better move quickly now. “If it collapses you could be swept away.”

“That’s right.”

Everyone hurried their steps at Big Sejin’s words. Still he doesn’t stop talking.

“Where is this?”

“I think it was a secret entrance behind the building that not everyone knows about.”

“Oh then it looks like the front will be full of media.”

That’s… not sure.

‘There’s no such thing as good rice cake.’

The reason the rescue team was late was probably because the media had already taken up all the seats and they were in a mess.

Well anyway it looks like the collapse has stopped since I got out… Even if there are employees who were stranded on the third floor they will be rescued soon.

Didn’t all the people the media was targeting come out?

“Repair… um.”

At the charity concert hosted by the first-tier idols the first-tier idols come out after being locked in the building?

Honestly I expect hell.

“Let’s go to the hospital first instead of thinking about training for a year at a liberal arts college.”

“…”

No someone would think that I am a person who does not use modern medicine.

“…yes. anyway. “I think this is the front so if I go back…”

“okay.”

Anyway we trudged along looking quite shabby around the overgrown back road and out in front of the building.

‘Suddenly people started screaming… ’

however.

“Why are there no people?”

There was nothing in front of the building.

“…??”

Bystanders reporters and onlookers hear sirens.

There is no trace of everything that I thought would definitely exist.

The only thing that flows is silence.

There isn’t even a single car on the road.

what.

“for a moment… What about the fans who came out earlier?”

“…!!”

Bae Se-jin shouts urgently.

“Even if there is no mass media those people should be seen!”

However there was still no one in front of the building where the sunset was setting.

It was as if everyone had gone somewhere else.

“Oh was it this?”

I turned my head.

Cheongryeo was looking down at her jacket with a strange expression.

A place to hold your smartphone.

“It was strange that I didn’t get a single phone call.”

“…!”

That’s right.

If a building had collapsed it would have been natural for calls to flood the smartphones of people believed to be trapped.

But the fact that there wasn’t even a single phone call from that guy…

‘…was cut off from the outside world.’

Or it was disconnected at some point.

And then.

“…Hmph!”

“Hup!”

Big Moon who was riding on Cha Yu-jin’s back opened his eyes. Shouting like this.

“I won!”

“…??”

With a new pop-up.

[Mission failure scenario completed]

Victory\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)

Reward\: Fragment of ■■■ 1 (1/4)
