---
title: "Chapter 434"
category: "book"
index: 433
section: "Chapter 434"
slug: "434"
---

# Chapter 434

A few hours ago.

Quagwagwagwang!

“Aaaah!”

When the stage equipment collapsed and screams began to rage.

‘Hurry hurry hurry…!’

Keudal accessed the status window and tried to communicate with Testa Park Moon-dae or Ryu Geon-woo to see if there were any problems with his personal life.

But it was impossible.

‘…uh?’

And instead I saw a bright red warning window. ‘Status abnormality failure’ pop-up.

“…!!”

I swear Big Moon didn’t let down his guard after returning to reality. In the first place Park Moon-dae was also given a separate hostage.

-Do you feel like you resonate with the system like before? He said it seemed like it would be absorbed.

Of course he was worried that the system might still be there so he checked it carefully. But there was no such sign…

-No I don’t feel that way at all anymore!

-okay. thank god.

A status abnormality suddenly failed.

So then… wouldn’t that mean he would die?

Geonwoo hyung.

‘Oh what should I do?’

The powerful presence of the system was still not felt. But it has already happened.

Even as his hair turned white Geoldal worked hard to keep his head down.

And miraculously it came to mind. The clear congratulatory title he gave to Park Moon-dae.

“…!”

Status abnormality permanently suspended! This situation where a status abnormality failure is displayed while completely ignoring that is contradictory!

‘How do I dig into this… ’

Through past experience I learned that this kind of logical flaw can work for the system. Moreover because he was the status window itself in the first place.

‘It might be possible!’

He gritted his teeth and began to nervously dig into the status window.

* * *

“…So we tried to lighten the disaster as much as possible with a mission failure instead of a status abnormality. And in the process I tried so many times that I lost my mind because I was so focused on the status window.”

“yes yes…”

A bench in front of the broadcasting station building at sunset.

It seems like a fairly peaceful scene just sitting around and listening to the story without any other distractions.

Except that there wasn’t a single ant baby around.

I saw Big Moon sitting on a bench gratefully taking the water offered by Raebin Kim and drinking it.

We are still in the front yard of the broadcasting station with no one around.

And it’s a very positive situation to see this guy come to his senses and confirm that my guess was correct but other than that I still don’t know what the situation is.

‘What is this reward window again?’

I glanced again at the pop-up that appeared at the same time as Big Moon came to his senses just now.

[Mission failure scenario completed]

Victory\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)

Reward\: Fragment of ■■■ 1 (1/4)

There are so many things I want to ask from scenarios to victory and fragments but there is a reason I can’t.

“…Hmm.”

There are eight people around me right now with their eyes wide open.

Moreover one guy even slightly raises his hand and intervenes.

It’s a big hit.

“Well I’m sorry to hear such a personal story but I’m asking anyway because we’ve been through all of this together.”

“yes yes!”

“So this means that Park Moon-dae knew that this was aimed at him and that he might die right now?”

“…”

In an instant the atmosphere cooled down. I avoided eye contact.

‘You escaped because you didn’t say anything.’

This is a bit unfair.

Fortunately a brave guy also came out.

“Mundae hyung worked hard. I understand you loser. “He wanted people to be safe.”

It’s surprising that Cha Yu-jin made the most adult decision.

“But understanding and understanding are not words with the same meaning. “Your actions are so cruel!”

“…”

It was a build-up.

“The situation turned so quickly that I couldn’t even think about it. “I couldn’t tell you because I wasn’t sure and it wasn’t like I could ask anyone.”

I quietly explained the situation.

“I worked hard because I wanted to live and I didn’t act with the thought of sacrificing myself for others.”

“…”

The atmosphere calmed down a bit. Big Sejin wiped his face with his hand and eventually gave in.

“okay. “You had a lot of trouble.”

“…!”

good.

I quickly looked at the big moon before there was any backlash from those around me. Because just then the next questioner appeared.

“I also have a question.”

It is the cast and hem.

That guy is somehow the most interesting person here.

“So is this like the mental world you created like last time?”

Is this even what I’m curious about?

Big Moon answered willingly.

“No not really. The reality is true here too… Since my brother escaped successfully there was no penalty for the building collapsing. So this reality will soon disappear!”

“…!”

The explanation is as follows.

Originally I would have had to have been hit until the last building collapsed for the ‘mission failure penalty’ to be completed.

‘But I avoided it.’

Thanks to this the penalty was deleted and retroactively the ‘building collapse’ penalty for mission failure was eliminated from the beginning.

‘Even I who know the situation roughly think it’s bullshit but I’m sure the other guys really wonder what they’re talking about.’

“Well maybe it’s a similar force that causes the system to go back in time. It destroys reality and starts over from the past…”

“…!”

And there was one other person besides me here who could understand those words.

I looked back at Cheongryeo. The guy just listened without any expression.

Geoldal continued his explanation.

They say that maybe because these guys got out of the building at the same time as me they didn’t go back to the past and stayed here.

“…Anyway you’ll soon be leaving here and going back to a time when the building didn’t collapse! “Like everyone else.”

“Ohh.”

“That’s a good thing really.”

Anyway it seemed like everyone was satisfied with the conclusion as the speckled guys who escaped the disaster nodded with a much calmer look on their faces.

And the questioner himself was impressed.

“It’s kind of… a kind of parallel world where you choose one and the rest are discarded.”

“…! “Do you understand?”

“On a fundamental level yes. “If you need it I can recommend some related materials.”

I pretended not to see Cha Yu-jin briefly muttering ‘Nerd’ next to Kim Rae-bin.

Liu Chengwu gently asked Big Moon again.

“Then when can I go back?”

“Uh… now!”

“…!”

And the next moment.

[—]

The people sitting on the bench disappeared as if evaporating.

But I didn’t disappear.

Instead I saw the big moon taking a deep breath and looking at me.

“I have something to say to you separately. “I sent it to you a little early!”

That’s a pretty brilliant idea.

But the problem is that not everyone is gone.

“Well I see a countdown.”

“omg.”

“I see you still have GM authority.”

Cheongryeo was still sitting on another bench.

And I also checked the countdown he was talking about.

[100 seconds until scenario deletion]

This probably means 100 seconds until this place disappears. Then there is no time left.

“Just don’t worry about it and speak quickly. “It looks like there isn’t enough time to start the countdown.”

“yes. yes.”

I’ll leave the other questions starting with the survival of the system to a later date and listen to what this guy has to say.

Geoldal opened his mouth in an expression that looked as if he was trying to remain calm.

“brother.”

okay.

“If things go on like this the building collapse will probably happen before it happens… but what happened before that would have happened.”

“…?”

What happened before that?

And I realized it a beat late.

“The first time I started interfering was after my brother’s life was threatened due to a status abnormality failure.”

The first status abnormality failure signal.

Big Moon swallowed his saliva and spoke lowly.

“When you leave it will be at the point where stage equipment is pouring down on you from the stage.”

“…”

“That was you right? “You avoided it but it’s still dangerous so I thought you should know this so you can avoid it again… I thought I had to tell you.”

I realized it there.

‘You didn’t know I was hurt at that time.’

This guy thinks I safely avoided the first one so he’s just a little nervous.

“I get it. “Just in case I’ll pay more attention to avoid it.”

“…yes.”

I looked at Cheongnyeo as a sign to tell me to shut up but I soon realized that it was also time for this guy to worry about himself.

“…You will also be affected by the collapse of the stage equipment so why not start thinking about how to respond now?”

Isn’t this a donation event hosted by VTIC? The moment accidents and events are linked by keywords it will become a mess.

But Cheongryeo laughed… no he didn’t laugh.

The guy opened his mouth with an expressionless expression.

“Why not just worry about yourself?”

“…”

No even if you pay attention damn it… whatever happened. It’s true that my nose is three feet wide.

“Protect your head first.”

“uh. “I know everything.”

I took a deep breath and reviewed my actions going forward. Fortunately time runs out before Big Moon notices anything strange.

“The countdown is almost over.”

“yes…”

I read the numbers.

3.

2.

1.

And when I blinked.

“Park Moon-dae…!”

I was running on stage again.

Instead of the stale air from the dust pouring out of the cracks you can feel the smell of dry ice on the stage and the warmth of the fuzzy lighting heating up the cooled air.

‘come.’

And devices falling upwards.

Wood-dud-deud-deuk!!

But this time with a much clearer mind I know exactly what to do.

Do you know how far it falls?

‘Faster…!’

This time instead of running blindly I accelerated and slipped.

Until my thighs sting.

Kukukukukuk!

In a roar.

It turns into rubble with a chilling sound behind it. A scream rang out.

“Ugh!”

“evil!”

and

“Whoop.”

The moment my sliding stopped I realized where I was.

It was backstage completely off the stage.

“…”

I looked back.

Then I saw the smashed and collapsed stage equipment but this time… they were as far away as I was tall.

Complete avoidance.

‘It’s a success.’

My back and ribs don’t hurt like before.

I waited a little longer.

My thighs are hot from the friction but that’s it.

That was the end of it.

“you!”

The members who appeared backstage with shocked faces rushed over in rapid relief.

And the building no longer collapses or shakes there.

“after”

I stretched out backwards and lay down.

There are still many unanswered questions and problems to consider but I couldn’t help but laugh.

“Are you laughing?”

‘I lived.’

No one was killed or injured and they escaped.

* * *

What happened after that went strangely.

Of course as soon as the audience at the scene received their smartphones and evacuated they posted all kinds of articles on social media and articles began to appear one after another.

[SBC Broadcasting Station Stage Collapse (Breaking News)]

[‘Unprecedented stage collapse’ no casualties… everyone safe]

Tidal was chosen in a scary way but the original article was like that. Fortunately no one was injured so the public repercussions did not seem to last long.

No matter how big the collapse was there are no photos of the scene as evidence because all the smartphones were taken away.

But it wasn’t even a fatal accident? Then the shelf life is really shortened.

After careful consideration I thought the pre-recording schedule might be rescheduled somewhere else…

[Testar member Park Moon-dae who narrowly escaped a stage accident…”He plans to recuperate”]

Who are you?

-Every time I see an article he seems to be threatened by a steel frame.

-Shouldn’t you at least try to solve Park Moon-dae’s misfortune?

-I heard you ran out onto the stage. Why did you do that all of a sudden? It’s so scary. It’s like you knew an accident was going to happen and you were intentionally trying to get into it;;; Who did you want to send away the stagehand?

└People almost died but there’s a scoundrel making comments like this.

└Why would you take such a gamble on the life of a handsome idol who makes a lot of money? Anyway you idiots need to understand your delusion.

I don’t know who leaked it but thanks to that my activities were put on hold. I’m really thankful.

Moreover we have not yet seen who was blamed for the stage set-up collapse and how VTIC responded to the incident.

because…

Because this is what I am now.

“I want to contact the company…”

“Um just lie down. “Get some rest.”

“…??”

“Would you like to eat an apple Mundae-ya…?”

That’s right.

…I have been in the hospital for a week.

For your information there were no injuries other than a minor laceration on the thigh.

Even that got better in two days.

‘Why on earth?’

“I am discharged…”

“Oh they say you can’t be a doctor~”

“That’s right.”

“…”

Where did these bastards come from kissing and telling such blatant lies…

‘I’m going crazy.’

And so the forced rest began.
