---
title: "Chapter 435"
category: "book"
index: 434
section: "Chapter 435"
slug: "435"
---

# Chapter 435

Why am I hospitalized even though I’m not injured?

Thanks to the traits ‘Bacchus’ and ‘Nectar’ I had superhuman resilience and the days of having to deceive people are over but I never thought I’d end up doing something like this.

‘no.’

If this continues I think my brain will deteriorate. I said as I put down the ebook reader Bae Se-jin brought me saying it was a ‘gift’.

At this time it had been four days since I was hospitalized.

“There is also a problem with a lack of hospital beds so isn’t it a shame that they are being used like this?”

“Ah I heard this is a special room so it’s rare to find a full room.”

“Still it would be better to be discharged.”

“Even if you tell me at Mundaemun University I’m not a medical professional. “You understand that this is a situation I can’t help right?”

“…”

This abomination… Wait a minute. Is this guy just copying what I did when the building collapsed?

I was dumbfounded and looked at Keun Se-jin but I smiled and left the room.

“Rest~”

“…”

Let’s catch the next guy.

Surprisingly Raebin Kim came to visit the patient in the evening carrying a turntable that could play LPs.

“It is said that classical music helps stabilize the mind and body!”

I’m going to avoid the latest music.

I approached the guy logically who seemed to have consciously blocked the topic of ‘album’ and ‘activity’ from his brain.

“It’s strange that I keep being hospitalized even though I’m not sick.”

“As you went through a very dangerous situation we need to wait a few more days to see how it goes.”

Raebin Kim seemed to really believe that. It seems like a few people came up with a really good cause.

“You can do that at the hotel too but honestly it’s a waste of money.”

“You don’t have to worry about that. “The company says it will be covered as an expense!”

“If that is treated as an expense the net profit decreases accordingly ultimately reducing our settlement amount.”

“…??”

For a moment question marks and exclamation marks crossed Raebin Kim’s face but then he nodded as if he understood.

Did it work?

“it’s okay! “I believe that all members will not mind spending that much for my brother’s peaceful rest.”

“…”

The copyright owner’s halo was visible on the face of the guy who said he would pay if it bothered him.

I lay back on the bed enduring a long sigh.

Next batter.

“All my muscles will disappear. “I need to get back into my routine soon.”

“okay?”

Liu Chengwu who visited in the morning responded positively to Jebib. I was planning to start building up from here but…

He reserved a single-person exercise room next to the hospital’s rehabilitation room.

“…”

Now that I think about it if the company had paid for the hospital room this guy the leader would have convinced me.

In fact they were trying to build up the man who was the instigator of this situation. Is there any way it can work?

“The facilities were good. Oh if you want to write longer let me know.”

Done.

I gave up and walked over to the device.

Let’s do it anyway…

“I am self-employed.”

“I am self-employed.”

“Whatever.”

Cha Yu-jin sitting in the caregiver’s seat shrugged her shoulders and chewed a whole apple. I gritted my teeth and spoke lowly.

“Anyway give me the smartphone.”

“I don’t have any. “Watch it on my smart TV.”

“…”

I was furious at the special room that had 4 unnecessary OTT devices installed.

The Wi-Fi works so well that there is no delay. And the Wi-Fi that explodes cannot be used for internet purposes.

‘You’re crossing the line.’

I also asked the manager I saw two days ago for a smartphone but he came back with an obvious excuse.

-There is a doctor’s advice that it may have a negative impact on mental health so please refrain from doing so.

‘It’s manipulative.’

Even if it was too much it was too much.

“But you have to be patient.”

“…”

[You already know right? I’m now in a situation where I need to get the most important thing back. faith.]

okay.

I pressed my temples.

To be honest it’s not that difficult to get out of this ridiculous situation and get discharged.

What’s difficult is the persuasion process to make people around me understand that I’m going to be discharged from the hospital.

But this time it was difficult to ignore it. Anyway they are the ones who were trapped in a collapsing building because of me…

‘I must have been nervous because I was afraid I might have been left behind.’

I was wondering if I thought of this as my own revenge in a situation where it was like nothing happened and there was no way I could get advice from anyone.

…but.

“To what extent should that be?”

No how long are you planning on keeping me stuck here? When will you release the album when will you prepare for the end of the year and when will you make plans for next year?

There is a limit to what you can tolerate based on the atmosphere.

Still I decided to exercise my last patience.

“hey.”

“What.”

“At least tell me what’s going on outside.”

You can endure it for a few days just by gathering information. Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“Nothing much. [No terrorism no topic um I think I only saw headlines about everyday traffic accidents? Oh and bank fraud too.”

“…Not like that.”

Has anyone asked about current affairs in modern society?

“What is the current Internet public opinion on our group and VTIC?”

“I don’t know about that. “That’s not my interest.”

I felt like I was about to raise my fist but I calmly imagined the scene where Cha Yu-jin was browsing internet communities and social media.

And I admitted that it didn’t really suit me.

Let’s find the next batter.

I listened to jazz on LPs all afternoon that day and relieved my stress with mystery novels.

And then I met Bae Se-jin who visited in the evening…

“no.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin avoided gaze.

“…I can recommend more books.”

No need.

I was trying to encourage Bae Se-jin to spill his words by mistake but I held back. And then he stuffed the mung bean and samgyetang he had packed into my mouth.

I felt like I was receiving private meals from a visiting lawyer in prison.

The last remaining candidate… I thought he had virtually no chance.

Sun Ah-hyun came to visit quite often.

But after the first day I never asked this guy to leave the hospital.

Not only was it shockingly difficult to communicate but the expression on his face made him feel like he was dying to have this kind of conversation.

“Mundae are you okay?”

“You know I can’t be this fine.”

Look at that he’s peeling a tangerine while avoiding his eyes again.

But now is the time to talk.

“I think it would be more difficult to remain hospitalized. “I also want to practice.”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun avoided her eyes. As expected like Keun Se-jin he is someone who has no social skills and is shameless enough to say things like ‘I don’t know~’.

So I hit it straight.

“I’m serious but I can’t be this fine so let’s get out of the hospital now.”

“…but.”

Sun Ah-hyun’s mouth trembled.

“You lied. “Something bigger…”

“…”

He peeled a tangerine and placed it in front of me. My hands were shaking slightly.

I held back a sigh.

‘It must have been a big shock.’

When I faked the remaining time and bounced up to the second floor.

After that the sound of the building collapsing was heard and communication was cut off so this was unavoidable.

Just… let me put it all down and explain.

“I did it because I was scared too.”

“…!”

“How can you not be scared if you die suddenly? Besides someone else could get caught up in my death.”

“…”

“But it seemed like there was nothing I could do and it wasn’t a situation where anyone could help.”

This is my first time experiencing such a feeling that no matter what I do I will fail.

“That’s why I couldn’t explain it properly… But again I’m sorry if you felt deceived.”

This was sincere.

Sun Ah-hyeon opened her mouth but soon put the words together with difficulty.

“Oh no. I’m sorry… I acted carelessly. Just because you don’t believe it…”

“It’s not for you to apologize.”

To be honest that was a fairly moderate reaction for being stabbed in the back.

I chose my words.

“It’s good for me to just rest but I don’t feel like I’m really resting right now because I have so many things to worry about.”

“…!”

“I want to stop staying at the hospital.”

The guy seemed to be holding back tears but then he looked quite stern and nodded.

“I. “I’ll talk to you…!”

“…thanks.”

There were signs of a solution.

And that evening.

“Have you packed everything?”

“yes.”

I was finally able to go through the discharge process.

It had been well over a week since I was hospitalized.

‘That’s it.’

It was light but there was a lot to do. First of all I need to take a close look at public opinion draw up an activity plan and go out to work.

I was planning to go back to my dorm and find some time to chat with other guys.

“let’s go.”

“yes.”

Liu Chengwu willingly volunteered to drive and help with the discharge procedures.

However the car he was driving was not headed to the dorm. Instead they run happily in the opposite direction.

“…?”

wait for a sec.

“Where are you going now?”

“Oh I’m not going to the hospital.”

“Then where is it?”

“haha.”

Answer me.

The car on the highway eventually headed to the outskirts of Gyeonggi-do and eventually arrived at a remote country house with a beautiful white stone wall.

Liu Chengwu said refreshingly.

“We’ve arrived. “You can get off.”

These bastards… put me in a pension.

‘Seon Ah-hyeon!’

How is this different from hospitalization? That doesn’t mean you just have to be discharged!! However the escape route had already been blocked.

“The accommodation was going to be briefly remodeled so we were all planning to stay here.”

“…”

“I decided to refrain from going out. “I think it would be a bit of a problem if there were reports of sightings.”

When did these bastards become so cautious?

And once inside Kim Rae-bin and the other members who were holding a cake with ‘Congratulations on discharge’ written on it laughed and set off party fireworks.

phut!

“Congratulations on being discharged!”

“…”

Somehow only Liu Chengwu came out to meet me and it seemed like everything was planned up to this point.

I will admit it.

‘It’s my defeat.’

I silently removed the pollen from my hair.

The good news though is that it soon became clear that there was no harvest at all.

“here!”

After a pissed off celebration meal.

Cha Yu-jin called me into her room and handed me a smartphone with a drawing of a dog’s head on it. It was my smartphone.

“…!! thanks.”

This is where I got the reward for persistently asking for outside information from this guy throughout my hospitalization.

“Brother you have to give me some delicious food. “I am a traitor now.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged saying that she had tried to persuade him and that she had not even told Bae Se-jin the truth yet.

[Let’s change the expression to say you are faithful to me.]

I was happy to answer in English.

[It’s okay. Actually it’s all a bit excessive. I don’t think forcing someone to rest will truly “recover” them.]

He explained even emphasizing ‘recovery’ with one hand.

[But if he uses too much I’m wrong. I promise you that won’t happen.]

“okay.”

I gladly made an appointment with him and returned to my assigned room and plugged in the charger for my dead smartphone.

Then I turned it on and started talking.

‘Can you hear me?’

To the big moon.

Immediately a pop-up appeared like a bolt of lightning.

[Have you been discharged from the hospital now?]

‘…okay.’

I replied darkly. The pop-up flinched.

While he was in the hospital this guy kept his mouth shut and didn’t say a single word to me about the outside world.

“What kind of guy cracked down on joining?”

Of course we had some pretty useful conversations instead.

I recalled the conversation I had with this guy on the day I was hospitalized.

About this status abnormality failure and the reward pop-up that appeared at the end.

[Mission failure scenario completed]

Victory\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)

Reward\: Fragment of ■■■ 1 (1/4)

-What on earth is this ‘fragment’ reward?

It was at this point that I roughly realized the phrase treating mission failure as a scenario.

Perhaps because the collapse of the building became a non-existent event it felt like it was being treated as a scenario rather than a reality. However the ‘Fragments of ■■■’ of compensation… honestly it was a fairly pessimistic prediction.

[I’m not sure about that either. As I was trying to make the mission a failure… the status window naturally created that shape!]

Is that so?

[yes!]

So I answered like this.

-Then how about the interpretation that in fact the system remained fragmented and I won the fragments and received the thing itself as a trophy?

[]

The pop-up stopped as if it had frozen.

And there was a new development chat with trembling handwriting.

[Actually I also… think that maybe that’s why I didn’t notice because there were only fragments of the system left…]

also.

[Sorryㅜㅜ]

-What do you have to be sorry for? I mistakenly thought I got rid of it.

I had a bitter taste in my mouth.

‘I thought it was completely removed.’

It’s not like a marble or a pizza but I never thought it would remain in pieces. I’m even quite concerned that (1/4) is added as an explanation.

A quarter.

“I’m just asking since you’ve been discharged from the hospital.”

[yes!]

“I’m sure this won’t happen three more times.”

There was a short dizzying silence.

[Oh probably not. I missed it this time because I didn’t know if the system was fragmented so I identified this wave separately and looked through my brother’s status window!]

[My brother is clean now!]

okay.

That’s some positive feedback.

But I decided not to completely believe that. This is because more than once I have been stabbed in the back for thinking that way.

In that sense let’s think about it now to avoid failure in the second state.

‘Let me see.’

Did you say that the symptom of abnormal status is that you have a strong desire to achieve your goal?

Just like I was obsessed with the album just before that.

Yes after it was all over I think I was a bit unusual in wanting to release an album but I guess that was influenced by it.

‘Then what I want to do most now is… ’

What can it be? Right now I’m in a hurry to understand the situation so that’s the only thing that comes to mind.

So before searching on my smartphone I decided to listen to the summary information that I could hear right away.

First to prove that I was discharged from the hospital I sent a text message to Geoldal on my smartphone and asked him this.

‘What happened to the VTIC donation concert?’

Cancellation or contraction?

Since there was such a fuss it must have been one of two things.

I was planning to start from here and establish a stance to search SNS…

[Oh the promotion is going well…?]

“…”

What kind of magic did you use?
