---
title: "Chapter 437"
category: "book"
index: 436
section: "Chapter 437"
slug: "437"
---

# Chapter 437

‘There is no rice cake… ’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan who was muttering darkly and meaninglessly scrolling through social media saw a post shared from beyond the timeline.

It was a post from VTIC’s official account.

[〈Save the world〉 Unconventional news commemorating D-7 Sharing Concert!

The indomitable guests return.

(picture)]

And the account that shared it left a short ominous comment.

-Surely our kids?

“…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fans also fought. It was mainly a hunch that was right on cue.

‘Oh please.’

Even though he went through that uproar Testa is still appearing at the VTIC donation concert?

I liked it and I didn’t like it.

Since the donation concert was such a hot topic it was good that they cleverly announced their participation without losing sight of the trend. More content is better.

The problem is… VTIC seemed like they were only doing good things so it felt like crap.

‘No those bastards are responsible too. It’s not like they almost got into an accident so shamelessly we’re victims too…!’

It was an obvious trick but it was Cheonchu’s fault that the broadcasting station got even more upset and passed over it.

Now that Testa is out the Sharing Concert will be even more successful! Kim Rae-bin’s fans fumed but eventually accepted the reality.

This is because after graduating from high school and preparing for employment her fighting skills on the Internet gradually eased.

‘What… are you going to perform on stage?’

I’m not sure because the incident happened before we even performed on stage that day but we’ll probably do a few titles.

So naturally a thought occurred to me.

‘…Park Moon-dae is okay right?’

No matter how strong he is almost getting crushed by the stage equipment seems like it would be a trauma.

However just yesterday Testa resumed using SNS again.

-Exciting board game (dog emoticon)

The attached short video affectionately showed Lee Se-jin rolling over and Testa bursting into laughter at the sight of the wrong dice number.

Looking at the scenery it was indoors but seeing everyone hanging out together the atmosphere didn’t seem bad.

‘Of course I only posted those things.’

As she captured the image of Kim Rae-bin in neat pajamas passing by she decided to focus on the rice cake instead of wasting unnecessary emotions.

However ‘the’ planned meal was not what she expected.

That afternoon a post appeared on Testa’s official account as well as VTIC’s official account.

[Testa’s Counseling Center

Preparing to open (biceps emoticon)

Branch\: 〈Save the world〉 Sharing Center]

“…?!”

She was confused and clicked on the description.

– Help the teenage head of a household and consult with Testa about the concerns and difficulties of your teenage years (photo)

That’s right. Testa did not perform on stage.

If they perform the stage they prepared at the donation concert the stage collapse is bound to come up again.

It is ambiguous to make it a narrative that they overcame it because there were no injured members. There was a possibility that viewers would only think about accidents instead of enjoying the stage.

So I chose this method instead.

Additional content for VCR!

-Talk to Testa!

They say it’s a counseling session or something but in fact… it was a video call-type fan signing event!!

‘Aaaah!’

Raebin Kim’s fan quickly found a post on her timeline that summarized the explanation.

-You can apply by donating to the fundraising box selecting a member of your choice and writing a story. The face of the person giving the consultation is hidden but the story can be broadcast anonymously…

-And the members choose the story!

The period is only one day.

“…”

She looked back at the presentation PPT she had been making and pulled out her hair.

“Ahh really!”

I don’t know all night long!

She who had never won a prize before because of her crazy fansign cut without conscience decided to give it a vain challenge this time.

Of course there is a high probability that you will not be accepted as there must have been a huge number of people applying but…

‘Raebin Kim!’

She turned on Ward.

And two days later he roared when he saw the news of his winnings.

Of course I had no idea what process Park Moon-dae went through to plan this.

* * *

I won’t deny it. Surprisingly unlike being hospitalized living at the pension was quite good. Bae Se-jin seriously persuaded me saying ‘Why don’t you return your smartphone?’ but it was bearable.

It’s a bit funny but it was a few days of relaxation rather than boredom.

‘I wonder if there is such a difference because I have a smartphone… ’

No I’m not some kind of addict.

That can’t be possible.

Hmm… I guess it wasn’t boring because there were a lot of minor and non-threatening variables.

“The cat has arrived…!”

“Wow what pattern is this? “The baby has yellow stripes~”

“It’s like water! “It’s strange!”

I nodded as I watched Cha Yu-jin panic as she tried to pet the stray cat that came in like a dog.

Something like that.

Aside from that although it was a bit hectic it wasn’t a bad life. Exercising cooking and practicing drawing.

I also thought that one day when I retire I could live like this.

‘Is this the first time I’ve experienced something like this since I entered this body?’

To put it in a vulgar way it is a daily life where you kill time by doing whatever you want like an unemployed person on a day when you have a lot of money.

Of course we couldn’t stay like this forever so after observing the atmosphere for a few days I called them over in the evening.

And I just said it out loud.

“I feel comfortable working.”

“…”

“It’s good to rest but I can only rest when I want to.”

Let’s move on to the next one that doesn’t look at it with the same attitude of ‘what should I do?’

“therefore…”

“know.”

“…!”

Big Sejin answered without expression.

“But even if you don’t feel well you should rest when you need to… It was really a doctor’s recommendation. “Your lactic acid level is too high.”

“…!”

“I didn’t lie. “I think you felt that way.”

“…”

I looked around at the other guys. Even the one whose expression was easiest to read did not waver.

It means truth.

“They said that if you tend to use your smartphone too often it would be better to stop using it for a while.”

“I?”

Immediate answers pour in as if they had been waiting.

“uh. “You are completely addicted.”

“Park Moon-dae looks at his smartphone like he’s drinking.”

“…”

No the only utility of alcohol is to relieve stress and there are so many things you can do with smartphones so what kind of bullshit is this?

But no one refutes it. Cha Yu-jin also just shrugged her shoulders.

Fortunately Kim Rae-bin secretly made this statement.

“However it is said that most modern people have symptoms of dopamine addiction so I don’t think you need to worry too much!”

“You’re saying that because you’re also addicted to electronic devices.”

“…??”

And it sank.

Liu Chengwu took advantage of that opportunity and started speaking. Soft as if it had been prepared for a long time.

“But the university may have been embarrassed. yes?”

“…”

“I guess we were too embarrassed. Even though you’ve been through a lot before your debut… you never thought that someone’s life would be in danger. “And in such a supernatural way.”

okay.

So I tried to cooperate with their attitude as much as possible but…

“Still I should have said this first but I guess it’s a little late.”

Liu Chengwu smiled and stretched out his hand to pat my back.

“Thank you for being safe.”

I felt sick somewhere.

“…Okay thank you.”

“thank you.”

I hear similar stories here and there as if they had been told beforehand. It makes me more upset every time.

‘Damn it.’

I took a deep breath and answered calmly.

“me too. Thank you… I was glad that everyone came out safely.”

“okay.”

The atmosphere in the living room calmed down. The strange tension that came from avoiding topics during the few days of hospitalization disappeared.

Bae Se-jin cleared his throat with his face slightly open.

“I think I was sensitive too. “Because something unimaginable is happening…”

“But wouldn’t it be helpful when acting in a similar work later?”

“no! “This should not happen again in the future.”

Bae Se-jin glared at me. And I asked seriously.

“Can something like this happen in the future?”

“I don’t know either.”

“hey!”

“They say it doesn’t seem likely but honestly I’m not sure. “I think I need to find out more.”

Honestly I thought I was going to scream again.

However Bae Se-jin just nodded and said this.

“…Okay thank you for being honest.”

“…!”

“No interrogating you will not give you an answer… Anyway I will also look into this and that.”

Are you thinking of reading a science fiction novel?

“great! We were all grateful to each other. You can just keep going like this. “Tell me what you want to say Mundae-hyung.”

After Cha Yu-jin finished speaking Lee Se-jin opened her mouth with a bitter smile.

“So you want to work at Moon University? “What exactly do you want to do?”

It was quite friendly.

‘I guess I can say it right here.’

I don’t even think I had to leave the pension to choose something to do but… well.

“It’s like this.”

I explained my plan to the members. The listening atmosphere wasn’t bad…

“Sounds like fun?”

In the end it passed successfully and our new participation method was announced through our VTIC account.

-〈Testa’s Counseling Center〉

* * *

[hello! Thank you for answering the call.]

“Yes uh hello!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan swallowed his saliva. On the screen Raebin Kim’s face was seen looking at his own screen. It didn’t really feel like it. But it’s reality.

It’s reality!

He said that his story of selling out his younger brother won so he is on a video call with Kim Rae-bin for the first time in a while!

‘Aaaah!’

She tried not to make a strange expression.

‘You look so handsome!’

Raebin Kim was tying her hair in a small ponytail.

However this does not mean that it was loosely tied at home. It was seen that he was dressed well with careful attention to the piercings and thick gray knit.

And it was paradise to be able to see the secret two-tone inner color light purple beige and ash purple underneath the hair.

Fan sighed.

‘This is my country… ’

It’s not a joke Raebin Kim is really capable of running the country well… no she could be scammed.

Momentarily regaining her objectivity she told the story she had prepared as calmly as possible.

“I fight a lot with my younger brother…”

Roughly speaking this means that families are falling apart and society is falling apart due to frequent fights with younger siblings.

Kim Rae-bin who had been listening intently nodded seriously.

[I also experienced a lot of various conflicts growing up with my older sister so I asked to speak with Jiwon because I thought I could help her with this problem.]

He asked to talk to me!

‘The choice of words kills… ’

It’s not a choice it’s a request… Ah anyway.

Actually I didn’t need that help but I was very curious about what kind of help they had in mind.

On the screen Kim Rae-bin opened her handsome mouth with a serious face.

[I think it would be a good idea to tell your younger brother exactly what upset you without adding or subtracting anything.]

[I have disappointed my sister quite a few times but I think I can fix that if I get accurate feedback. Of course it may be inconvenient but… please consider it.]

“…”

So you’re saying that he has been faithfully listening to his sister’s admonitions?

‘i envy you.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan clenched his teeth. What on earth did you have to do to be born as Kim Rae-bin’s older sister?

-Did you really win this year? Isn’t it a scam?

-But it’s not like you’re actually seeing it so no matter how much you make it up it’s no good. Just roughly… ugh! evil!

-Is it my fault you’re ugly?

The years I lived with that as my younger brother passed like a panorama.

I pretended not to be interested and just chased away the guy who was wandering around and trying to check.

In short useless advice that makes people angry!

However Kim Rae-bin’s fan smiled brightly and nodded.

“I’ll give it a try!”

[…! Thank you for saying so!]

You can’t miss Raebin Kim’s sincere gratitude for her! And really… it was totally worth it.

‘Let’s ask you to tell us your own anecdote!’

In the end you will also come up with a cute message of encouragement for yourself.

Kim Rae-bin’s fans gave themselves strong motivation.

And at the same time.

A room on the third floor of a pension.

[hello.]

“…Hello sister.”

Park Moon-dae also started his first video call feeling like he was breaking into a cold sweat. What you see on the screen is…

[My concern during my teenage years was being compared to my older sister.]

Seojin Ryu.

He is the younger brother of Ryu Seo-rin the writer of Idol Inc. and a senior in the Department of Journalism and Broadcasting who was a frequent drinker in the same photography club as me during Ryu Geon-woo’s days.

[Oh I’m Puppy… No you can call me Ryu Seo-jin.]

…And it was the twin home horse of Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin.

He knew now too.

‘Is this true?’
