---
title: "Chapter 438"
category: "book"
index: 437
section: "Chapter 438"
slug: "438"
---

# Chapter 438

A situation where a senior from a club I was drinking with suddenly appeared as my fan on a video call.

And this moment when my job is an idol.

It’s very embarrassing.

However a mouth trained over many years of professional experience speaks the truth.

“…yes. Sister Seojin.”

[yes.]

I’m going crazy.

When I saw Ryu Seo-jin’s face on the screen which seemed satisfied I became more disturbed.

Although I was able to successfully participate in the karaoke casting for “Azusa” because I remembered what that senior said while drinking.

‘Did that senior… like idols?’

I was busy making a living so I didn’t know what the club members liked but I think they mostly just took pictures for their portfolios.

I’ve definitely never had someone take pictures for me.

however…

‘It’s just… you kept it a secret for the sake of your social life.’

It was even a home horse.

“Puppy Bear” which posts photos of Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae is an account that has taken so many worthy shots that even I can remember their names.

‘Looking at the photo upload interval and operating guidelines it seemed like Testa was definitely not the first idol.’

I don’t know if I didn’t know because I wasn’t interested or if the senior hid it well.

Anyway.

‘…Somehow the composition seemed particularly natural.’

Was it because you learned something similar at the club? No let’s stop.

‘Work work.’

You should think of them as grateful fans who participated in the event.

You can’t let anything strange come in during a live video call being recorded.

‘If you think only as a fan… ’

But even here I have a question\: Why did you include me in the story?

It’s not a big strike.

‘I like Keunsejin but wasn’t it so that they took pictures of me who was number one in order to increase sales volume?’

Then I realized what had happened.

‘…Because we were in a hurry we couldn’t limit applications to one member per person.’

If you are a meticulous person you could probably create a customized story for each member.

In this case the Department of Journalism and Broadcasting is unconditionally advantageous.

…And the story that that senior or rather the fan told me is…

– Will I who followed a similar career path as my older sister in high school be able to accept and love myself now?

I wrote down a very believable story comparing competition with my sister and my own low self-esteem with my own experience of debuting in first place through survival.

Of course the identity of the older sister is Ryu Seo-rin the author of Azusa.

[First of all my sister is a person with a very strong sense of purpose and good drive.]

Oh I agree.

I almost twitched my eyes as I remembered the aggro master writer who was at his peak.

However he nodded his head quite discreetly without showing any signs of it.

“You are a wonderful person.”

Surprise yourself.

[yes. So I think it was a little difficult for me to work in the same field. [I ended up comparing them.]

Ryu Seo-jin continued to tell the reconstructed story as expected from a new student without even putting a lick of saliva in his mouth. This means that the story is like a fabricated autobiography.

Still I saw a big trend so I felt comfortable answering.

“I think I thought that too when I first went on Idol Survival while watching the other contestants.”

As I calmly went with the flow things gradually got better as if I was broadcasting a script.

And by the time the end came I had completely regained my pace.

“…Seeing us talking about our concerns like this I think Seojin is a person with just as much drive as him.”

It’s obvious but it ends with a beautiful conclusion that it’s okay to believe in yourself more and not compare yourself to those around you.

And the fan on the screen listens seriously even though it is clearly an idol’s obvious broadcast-style feedback on a story that is comparable to an autobiography.

“…”

okay.

Whether it’s a senior or something I don’t forget that that person is a hardcore fan who is willing to spend money and time on me…

[Then can I get Mundae’s dog version of Fighting?]

My mouth is trembling.

“…sure.”

‘Fuck really.’

I don’t know what to call this. Shame?

“go for it!”

But I happily cheered by squeezing one cheek and flapping my hands above my head.

I was out of my mind but anyway after doing a few more fan-signing event-specific motions the first call ended successfully.

-Tirik!

“…”

I feel like I’ve been reduced to ashes.

I was so drained of energy that I lay down on the floor for a while. The staff didn’t stop me. However the door suddenly opened.

“Is this fun at Mundaemun University? “It’s also somewhat meaningful~”

The guy in the next room probably waiting outside the door shouts out quite excitedly.

“I did it with your fan.”

“…??”

If that guy had come in a little hastily he would have benefited from the time he spent submitting the story so it’s a shame.

* * *

I was a little freaked out the first time but the task itself wasn’t too difficult.

Sitting at the pension with the staff and chatting with fans for a few minutes? I’ll do it even if I don’t get paid.

In fact each member only has 7 fans. This is because it was agreed that in order to select a video that would appear on the concert VCR it would take a certain amount of talent to select one or two people.

‘I think I could have pulled out a little more.’

The schedule is to talk on the phone for about 5 to 10 minutes per person with a 10-minute break in between so it ends in 2 hours. For all the work I did I felt like I didn’t hire much.

I looked at the screen smiled and nodded.

[Have you ever had a hard time staying at our dorm?]

No matter what answer I give it’s a minefield but I know there’s no malicious intent.

“Hmm… When bugs came out the members didn’t let us go into the room so we stayed in the living room.”

The answer is the same book answer that seems to be related.

[omg! who?]

Okay you caught me.

So we ended another video call by telling an anecdote.

I mainly selected a number of stories that people could relate to that had a clear cause and effect structure and selected them at random.

So like before half of the people who had never even thought about talking on the phone with an idol reached out which was quite refreshing.

Of course there were some faces I saw often.

Surprisingly the first home horse came out on the fourth or fifth time.

[Hello Mundae!]

“Is this a story about an idol other than me becoming more liked?”

[…?! Oh no…??]

Just kidding. It was a story about how I was contemplating dropping out of high school due to issues with my friends and career path.

However less than 3 minutes after it started it turned into a typical fan signing conversation rather than counseling for concerns but I accepted it without stopping the conversation.

[Thank you so much Moon Dae-ya. We’ll see you again!]

I just wanted to do that.

And I felt it again.

‘…It’s been a while.’

It’s been a while since I did something like this with Testa. In my experience it’s been well over a year.

Even after I returned from breaking the system I only toured without releasing an album.

It was a new feeling to feel so directly that I was a tester.

“…”

I told myself to keep working hard and not lose anything so I calmly got my hair style adjusted and then stared at my smartphone again.

It was already the last consultation for concerns.

And this person…

[Oh hello! Wow what should I do!]

“…!”

What appeared on the screen was the face I saw a few days ago.

The person I saw with the light of a light stick between the dark concrete walls.

“…hello.”.

I am a fan who is a graduate student.

[This is my first time winning something like this!]

It is a bright face that has never experienced a collapsed building. I squeezed my hand under the table and it was done.

The excited fan shared his personal stories before sharing his concerns.

It was a story I already knew. Because those were the words I heard through the collapsing supply room at that time.

I guess I always have this bright and optimistic personality.

I said without thinking.

“…You’re a graduate student.”

[yes!]

Because I was worried about my studies I chose it because I thought speaking from the perspective of Park Moon Dae who had taken the qualification exam would provide a new perspective.

[But I don’t recommend it…]

It was a story about graduate school.

I smiled faintly.

“I think it’s great to have research or study that you want to do. So my sister is a great person.”

[Ugh hyung.]

It’s a bit of a strange sound but I hear it every time I attend a fan signing event so I wonder if it’s okay.

I listened and responded as sincerely as I could to the people before me.

When the end was announced the graduate student said this with his eyes shining with less tension on his face.

[thank you. really…! Actually I’m still worrying about it but I think I’m getting the strength to overcome these worries from Moon Dae and Testa.]

The fan on the screen smiles brightly.

“No thank you.”

It really wasn’t bad.

And only after I hung up the phone did I realize that this fan had not asked me for any lines or poses.

‘this’

You didn’t pick the mulberry.

Maybe I’ll see you at the next fan signing event.

Anyway the video call that started at 7pm did not end until almost the end of the night.

After going out of the room and taking the final ending cut… that was the end of today’s filming.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“It was fun!”

Because the work wasn’t hard the staff’s expressions were bright. The same goes for the members.

“I think it would be good to hold fan meetings in this format sometimes. “Because standing in line on site doesn’t feel like having a one-on-one conversation.”

“The way we meet our fans is to diversify by using modern culture.”

“I like it…!”

It must have been quite fun.

I chuckled and flipped through the screen to find today’s review.

– Bae Se was asked to recommend major books but he did not answer the question.

-I requested a heart challenge from Cheongwoo. I was embarrassed to say something like this that had nothing to do with my troubles but it was a really worthwhile embarrassment (video)

-Raebin Kim crazy guy how dare you wear your hair in a ponytail? Do you call me sister? Collarbone knit Son Minsu I am

It seems like everyone here had an impressive experience.

I flipped through my smartphone while reading Keun Se-jin’s review of ‘KakaoTalk Boyfriend Profile Picture Generator’ and Cha Yu-jin’s review of ‘First-Time Spanish Instructor for Travelers’.

The last guy asked quietly.

“Are you happy now Moon Dae?”

“okay.”

It’s all thanks to me for stealing the smartphone so please remember it and do something delicious.

And not only for Cha Yu-jin but the atmosphere was already on the verge of a company dinner.

“Can it be delivered here? If it doesn’t work out it’s okay if I go out and buy it.”

“Oh we’ll go and come back. “I was just about to go to the supermarket.”

Donation concert staff members who joined in the conversation shouted loudly saying they would gladly bring pizza.

I’m grateful but I think I’m running away because I don’t like going out to dinner with unfamiliar celebrities. As an office worker it’s natural.

Anyway it was after seeing off the staff members who went out like that.

“Then let’s set the table before you come…”

“Ohhhh the cat is here again! “We take responsibility for this cat!”

“Eujin Bae Se-jin is allergic to cat fur…”

“Ouch.”

When we had passed the cat-and-matter situation for a while and had progressed to some extent in preparing for the company dinner.

Ding-dong

The doorbell rang. Those who were putting down their glasses suddenly raise their heads.

“hmm?”

“Are you here already?”

Is that possible? The staff left 10 minutes ago. The pizza wouldn’t have even gone into the oven.

‘I guess I left something behind.’

“I’ll go.”

I stepped forward for the crime of being closest to the front door.

Ding-dong.

I knew it.

I quickly changed my pace and immediately grabbed the front door handle.

Sweet.

And light and sound poured out from the open door.

“hi!”

This voice…

“Surprise~”

“Wow applause”

“…!!”

I froze.

VTIC guys in plain clothes were standing outside the main gate of Dajjagojja Pension.

what.

“Hello Mr. Moon!”

What kind of situation is this?

Cheongryeo smiled brightly and waved her hand.

Even though I think this is some kind of bullshit description it is reality.

And the cause appears backwards.

The shining lights above the camera twinkle. And the ones holding that light… are the staff members who left earlier.

‘oh.’

At the same time I grasped the situation and slowly lowered my hand that almost clenched into a fist.

Actually as a surprise we agreed to do a temporary stage at the end of the donation concert VCR…

‘…Did you intend to do it like this?’

I had no idea we would be in for a surprise like this.

“I came for a special performance with Testa!”

In front of the lights Jin Chae-yul smiled and waved her hand.

‘Is there anything you can see after going to the military?’

It was a strange somewhat upsetting reunion. but…

“…Welcome.”

“…!”

There’s nothing that can’t be done.

I chuckled and stepped aside slightly.

Let’s do it.
