---
title: "Chapter 439"
category: "book"
index: 438
section: "Chapter 439"
slug: "439"
---

# Chapter 439

Even the synergy effect of controversy and publicity.

VTIC’s donation concert was carried out meticulously and with precise timing by a former Reset Syndrome who had been an idol all his life.

Of course it was he who planned the concert.

‘hmm.’

Zhou Dan nodded seeing everything going smoothly.

The enormous downward-type incident that caused the building to collapse was restored to its original state as if it had never happened.

If the finale ends in such a perfectly happy way then of course there is a suspense-free success story right after.

‘Everything will go well… ’

“Cast and Dan”

“yes.”

As soon as Judan heard the voice he quickly put away his smartphone.

It was not because he felt habitual pressure from his leader but because it was a reasonable request.

And in fact when you think about it at the level of the species isn’t it natural even if he felt a certain amount of intimidation and fear?

Although she has such a pale and young face Cheongryeo is actually a being who has built up her ego over an enormous amount of years.

There is probably a reason why humans have respected their elders who have survived for a long time since ancient times.

‘Let’s stay calm.’

Zhou Dan muttered in his mouth invisibly.

And Cheongryeo the person involved… glanced at Judan’s behavior and said.

“I would have said it was okay without you checking.”

“It’s a hobby.”

“hmm.”

Instead of saying things like ‘If you don’t want to do it don’t do it’ Cheongryeo stared at him briefly and then left.

It was tacit permission.

It’s quite generous… No it’s not generous. Permission! No matter how much of a leader he was it was an excessive abuse of power.

‘But he was that kind of character even before his debut.’

It feels like you are pressing down from a high place rather than shooting the person directly.

‘As a leader of a group he is the type that is efficient.’

Is that why VTIC has been going strong for so long?

‘I thought I would have been ruined by the time my contract was renewed.’

Another member did fail.

Ju Dan decided to put that thought aside. And instead I remembered the reactions to the VTIC concert on the Internet that I had seen earlier.

First of all the negative ones.

– Didn’t you follow the Testa donation icon?

└Did you rent out Donation Cone?

A minority opinion is that it reminds them of Testa’s donation concert right after his car accident that was held on the same platform. Although it almost disappeared thanks to Testa’s guest news.

Of course I admit that they used a fairly novel method called ‘audience participation’.

‘But it’s a minor policy that only works for Internet users.’

What VTIC planned was a donation concert with a more classic and extravagant flavor.

And it worked.

-It really tastes good.

-It’s been a while since I performed a concert that only features songs I know and I’m excited to hear the live performance so well haha.

However he did not deny that Testa was helpful to some extent. Testa’s (already announced) surprise VCR appearance in Part 2 was quite an interesting element.

[Park Moon-dae\: This is Mundaeng a daily counselor]

[Maltese\: (silent scream)

The Maltese dog character held up his paw and covered his mouth. This is the fan who requested counseling from Park Moon-dae.

It was quite cute and heart-warming to see applicants share their concerns with VR-like animal characters of members providing counseling for the sake of anonymity.

It was funny too.

‘It’s a humorous device that adjusts the tempo in the middle of an intense stage.’

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: First drink a glass of warm water.]

[Rudolph\: (hiccup)]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: It will also help with those hiccups…]

“Oh you’re cute!”

“Ahyun it’s really nice to see you working so hard.”

While filming ‘Donation Concert VTIC Reaction’ with other members Joo Dan nodded his head several times.

Of course this reaction itself was content that would soon be released.

That’s right after they enlisted.

“…”

oh my god.

‘Enlisting?’

I thought I would quit this job before that big hiatus but strangely enough I keep doing it.

Zhou Dan nodded.

‘…But since there is nothing to consume in the meantime it is unlikely that fans will return to being outsiders.’

3 types of proprietary content 2 free sound sources and 2 music videos. When I thought of the cinematic trailer to connect the world view I felt confident.

Of course it was made by Cheongryeo.

‘When on earth did I start preparing?’

I can’t believe I left out so much content during my gap year even though I’ll only be gone for 6 months next year.

This may be why it is difficult for him to rebel against a superhuman leader.

Anyway the screen moved on to the next step.

After the VCR ends the stage comes out when it is supposed to…

[Visit Testa’s consultation site!]

This is VTIC suddenly making a surprise visit to Testa’s pension.

-omg

This was a real surprise.

If Judan had checked the Internet on his smartphone which he had turned off he would have seen countless exclamation marks and excited reactions.

[Huh!?]

[Huh? Seniors?]

Even Testa who was in the picture on screen looked like his eyes were going to pop out. Because this is something we haven’t agreed on.

‘Hmm.’

Zhou Dan secretly felt proud. It was all for a great reaction.

-The kids are going to faint haha.

-Look at how you act like you’re not surprised My Precious Sorry Dog ㅠㅠ

– Bae Se-jin ran out with socks on. Hahaha.

-Is that Testa’s dormitory?

└The accommodation is revealed so it looks like you rented it somewhere.

Anyway after greeting each other warmly they shared pizza and briefly talked about the donation concert and its meaning.

And then… it’s a scenario where we come together. First of all Testa’s Park Moon-dae opened his luck like this.

[We are very sorry and disappointed that we will not be able to participate on stage.]

[Sorry! I even consulted to get him to participate in some way!]

[That’s right you’ve done enough.]

Among the testers who looked at each other shyly Ryu Cheong-wu smiled and opened his mouth.

[thank you. Then I’ll just say what I regret.]

[then…]

Chaeyul answered with a bright face. He was the perfect member to do that.

[How about making it short here? The stage!]

[!]

[There are lights here… and they are all prepared performance craftsmen!]

[Wahhaha!]

In this way the seemingly impromptu stage was confirmed.

[Let’s go out!]

Outside the sun had already set. Although it was a pension located in nature far from the night view it had one advantage.

As expected from a pension it had a large front yard and lamps lined up all around it.

[Oh!]

[You consulted in a wonderful place.]

Naturally VTIC and Testa ran out to the front yard excitedly stopping for a moment but laughing.

[What are we dancing to?]

[I never thought about that!]

And Testa’s Lee Se-jin smiles while shaking his head with the members.

[Since this is a seniors’ concert wouldn’t it be expected that the seniors’ songs would be heard?]

[Hey~]

Of course this is a fully prepared lineup.

And yet he was such a sociable person that it made him feel uncomfortable to say that line so naturally. Zhou Dan nodded.

Anyway the idols stood around the front yard applauding the chosen song.

[Music please!]

The grass at night glowed under the twinkling lights of the lamps and the stage lights turned on by the staff.

When a familiar intro is played on a dark background

[iced coffee!]

[Oh I love this so much!]

The idols who came out showed off their exciting and cheerful steps.

And the intro sounds like a sing-along song.

[Hey partner!

I wonder if you are thinking of me]

Night Sign.

VTIC’s immortal song which was released around the same time as Testa’s debut song was played in the front yard.

This song was excluded from the set list of the donation concert because it had a dark languid and sexy concept but it was different here.

[I remember again

[Night after night]

As the atmosphere at the concert becomes more excited like people running at a party even this song shows off the strengths of a hit song.

A song we all know.

The excitement that comes from empathy.

Even though it was a song that didn’t have that kind of choreography originally.

The two groups laughed and mingled with several people taking turns coming forward and dancing along with the choreography.

It was a picture of VTIC who stepped back a little at times and deliberately gave the junior a place to step forward and Testa who did his best to enjoy the senior’s song without crossing the line.

The balance seemed easier and more natural thanks to the mix of members who had already been with each other before.

And let it be a refrain.

[Until the end of this night

[Remember my eyes]

They immediately formed a formation and performed a representative choreography.

Because it came from the atmosphere of an impromptu party just before the perfect movement seemed even more impressive.

[Um Um]

The camera work captured the faces of each member smiling or having fun.

It was an exciting movement that didn’t suit the song but oddly enough it did.

[Like a night sign]

Gestures and great improvised choreography skills filled the song with a fast tempo.

But when I solved it I definitely solved it.

[right!]

As a group the idols imitated that exclamation-like note performed the choreography and smiled brightly.

“ah…”

“It was so much fun that time!”

The VTIC members who were watching the screen and filming their reactions also made a fuss while thinking about that time.

And Ju Dan turned his head and looked.

Cheongnyeo was also smiling faintly.

“okay.”

[Night sign!]

After the last phrase that was shouted in unison. The members checked each other’s movements and posed for the ending which was several times larger.

Hwiik – Pang!

And the impromptu dance ended with fireworks exploding in the sky above.

With laughter.

[and!]

[thank you!]

The color of the firecrackers behind the waving hand was captured emotionally.

It was a fitting mid-finale to a donation concert that left an overwhelming impression.

The audience reaction was also appropriate.

-ㅜㅜㅜ

-It was nice to see it really touched me.

-I didn’t know I would participate like this. I think it was a good idea.

-Korean idols are really amazing. How do they do it right like that?

└ㄴㄴVtick testa is great

However one unresolved question remains in the minds of the two fandoms.

-Why are you close to me?

* * *

“Ah it was fun!”

“Have fun!”

After the VTIC guys raided and filmed the performance in the pension yard.

As it was the end of the concert VTIC who were busy immediately started preparing to leave. And Testa is sending him off in a sincere manner as befits a junior.

I was just restoring the stage.

‘It was okay.’

It’s been a long time since I’ve heard a song like that on the spot and pretended like I heard it for the first time but since we’re all experienced workers it came out quite naturally.

If I had to choose among VTIC songs it would have been safer to choose a hit song before Testa’s debut but really… there wouldn’t be any problem.

‘They’re going to the military.’

In idol group relationships all problems other than love arise from competition.

Since there is a hiatus and we are no longer competitors I think fans will react more leniently.

It was then.

“Mr. Mundae!”

“yes.”

“Hey we’re back to using respectful terms again!”

Jin Chae-yul who changed her clothes smiled.

“Can I contact you when I’m on vacation? We still see each other often. In that case just leave it alone like before!”

“It’s always good for me.”

Of course if a problem arises I will be busy.

Anyway Chae-yul nodded eagerly then lowered her head slightly and spoke softly as if in a whisper.

“And after we all enlist Jaehyun is alone. “Emotionally.”

I don’t think it was much different before I enlisted.

“Are you and Kong going to keep in touch? “I said it before but since I’m like the mountain spirit of Winak I don’t think I’ll even eat food like that!”

No green rye probably eats well focusing on protein and fiber.

But I nodded.

“I will try.”

“is it so!”

Jaeyul left after hugging me with a bright face.

And Judan who was listening quietly approached and opened his mouth with a mysterious look on his face.

“Chaeyul is somewhat emotional and irrational. “It’s because we attach too much meaning to interpersonal relationships.”

“…”

“But socially people tend to accept my brother’s words more easily. “It’s amazing.”

no

Anyway I decided not to forget Chae-yul’s words. That much.

And a few days later.

VTIC’s donation concert ended successfully.

And as a surprise event they even released a colorful fan song MV and the rest of the members except Cheongryeo actually enlisted that month.

When I saw the photo in the article I felt a little strange. Is it because I was in a group with young guys under the age of 20 not long ago?

[“Loyalty! “I’ll be back.” VTIC Sinnoh’s Salute 〈Hansung Star Photo〉]

“By the time we go popular culture will also have passed a bill to replace military service…”

“If your expectations are high you will be disappointed.”

“…”

Our turn will come soon but it’s still a few years away. Before that you can receive a national medal that allows you to postpone your enlistment.

‘I guess that should be my next goal.’

I nodded.

“Why are you nodding?”

“I thought a good song would come out.”

I put down my smartphone in the middle of my studio.

Sun Ah-hyun was seen recording in the booth with a nervous face.

And the next batter Lee Se-jin glances at the VTIC news on my smartphone and says as soon as our eyes meet.

“Hmm~ Comeback in January?”

“January comeback.”

What are the conditions for receiving a national medal?

When it comes to KPOP there are clear precedents from the past.

Global recognition and evaluation.

It’s not enough to just be popular. You have to be the best in this genre.

This is the top tier that VTIC has completely dominated so far.

‘I’ll eat everything during my military service.’

We will start off with a special performance at this year’s awards ceremony where VTIC has disappeared.

“Not much time left.”

We started preparing to rob an empty house.

So the end of the year has arrived.
