---
title: "Chapter 440"
category: "book"
index: 439
section: "Chapter 440"
slug: "440"
---

# Chapter 440

It’s already been over 5 years since we debuted at the end of the year. At this point everyone has a pattern of preparing for award ceremonies and year-end music programs.

1. The type of person who prepares leisurely

With many years of experience I am the type of person who works hard on my body while keeping my mind at ease.

Or because you push your body hard you gain some leeway.

“Whew I think it will be okay if I take some more time to learn the next movement.”

“Okay~ Then I’ll skip it and fix it starting with part B today. Cheongwoo-hyung are you okay?”

“huh. “Then should we increase the practice time?”

“Of course.”

The majority belong to the following.

2. The type who prepares nervously

I am the type of person who has a lot of worry and anxiety about mistakes so I am immersed in agony every time I feel comfortable because I am thinking about various scenarios.

“Is it me who takes the time to learn it? No don’t answer. Either way just work hard. Yes because I gave him a lot of time…”

“Brother I think that if you allocate so much time to the bridge movement it means that the choreography point will shift to that! In that case my dictionary arrangement will sound unnatural…”

“stop.”

…If you cut it off in moderation you will be influenced by number 1 and calm down.

“When you rest don’t think about anything.”

“but…”

“Don’t do it.”

I made their break time feel like break time.

And the next type that belongs to the minority is…

3. The type that plays leisurely

[You know too right? Cramming is like a kind of cheating.]

“Do you understand?”

“Hee hee!”

He practices because his colleagues tell him to do it but in reality in addition to matching the group dance angles his movements and gestures are at a level that would be awesome even on stage.

“In the first place your own skills are important!”

“…Does this mean that there is no point in practicing for someone who can’t do that?”

“Nope! “Effort will become your original skill.”

“Hmm.”

You open your mouth easily.

Anyway these guys have come together and the year-end preparations are going well even though they are creaky as always.

“stop!”

“Eat Raebin Kim!”

I watched the practice video I had just taken while dodging the dried sweet potato that Cha Yu-jin threw at Kim Rae-bin. It’s okay.

“…hmm.”

And in fact if we classify it this way there was a final number as well.

Number 4.

This is the type of person who is nervous but still has fun.

However there is no such person in this group.

This is a situation that everyone has experienced at least once while preparing for an exam but it is a serious injury that is naturally cured when you receive money.

In other words this does not apply to those of us who receive money.

However this applies to me in other fields where I don’t get paid. This is because there are situations where you can’t use your hands even though you’re nervous.

“Surely receiving a national medal is the next status quo?”

-yes?

Weekend night after practice. I was relaxing in the bathtub drinking a cold non-alcoholic beer.

Of course I’m not doing this alone like a crazy person I’m holding a waterproof smartphone.

“Isn’t it strange that I care so much about a medal that doesn’t exempt me from military service but just allows me to postpone my service for a few years?”

-No. Bro really not!

The big moon on the other side of the phone almost screamed. It’s been a while since I’ve been communicating through voice chat and it definitely makes me feel different from chat pop-ups.

Anyway this guy’s opinion is the same. No matter how much I searched I couldn’t find anything strange.

And the reason why I am obsessed with national decorations is…

-… No one wants to go to the military.

“…”

-As the time approaches.

That’s… right.

Since I’ve been there twice I become more obsessed with it as the time approaches like an inevitable physiological phenomenon.

Those who have tried it before know that it is more like shit.

But that’s it.

“You know so well that you’re not going anymore.”

-sorry.

I’m sorry but my body has changed with my age so I need to get exemption from military service to make ends meet.

And I also know that what this guy knows well is not the military.

“No I guess you just have to take a good look at my opponent to be sure.”

-yes! That’s it!

Geoldal explained without even taking a breath.

-I was so immersed that it almost seemed like it was going to be a status window again so I looked through it thoroughly but there was no trace of 1/4 of the system! really!

“Okay I got it.”

The wall will collapse. I admitted lowering my phone volume.

“Then what about mission failure?”

-… No.

I knew it.

I decided not to bring up this topic anymore after Geoldal rapped that he would regularly check my status book.

‘If I feel bad like last time I’ll have to run to a direction where there are no people.’

And after all this process the exciting year-end tax settlement period has finally arrived.

“Mundaemun University~ December 20th is the third quarter settlement date right?”

“uh.”

No not this settlement.

It is a time when what we have done over the past year is evaluated based on quantitative figures such as grades and qualitative figures such as recognition.

okay. It’s finally the awards ceremony.

“The Artist of the Year Award is… Testa!”

“Congratulations!”

“This is a test for the album’s grand prize.”

“Congratulations to the final grand prize singer of the year… Testa.”

Puff poop!

Numerous fireworks drum rolls cheers and even Testa’s representative song of the year played in the background.

“thank you! “I will work harder!”

“We’ll be back soon!”

Screams applause and cheers.

At every awards ceremony I attended I neatly won one grand prize. This is because this company does not send out awards ceremonies that do not award grand prizes.

Well it’s efficient.

And at the company I returned to I was greeted by people from the same company one after another as I moved to take promotional photos displaying the trophy.

“brother! Hey~”

Spacer’s newly debuted female idol AR team staff and management team leader…

Even Mirinae.

“Congratulations!”

“Congratulations…”

It’s an amazing industry where your mouth congratulates you even if your competitor looks at you like they want to break your head off and take the grand prize trophy for yourself.

“…That junior member Seong Ha-rin? “Do you hate us?”

“I guess so.”

Anyway the end of the year was quite fun without any special surprises.

Yes is there anyone who doesn’t like receiving an award for doing well? They received favorable reviews as they prepared a special stage.

-The Testa Saber stage was crazy.

-What is that called? Sword dance? I almost drooled while watching it.

-Testa T1A stage currently equipped with real-time popular videos

It was a taste of the heyday like the end of hardship and adversity.

…Of course unfortunately this does not mean that we won the grand prize in all target categories.

The sound source is Youngrin and the album is VTIC.

Even after VTIC went to the military this structure remained strong.

Because the leader stayed and attended the awards ceremony.

“thank you.”

Cheongryeo came to the most prestigious awards ceremony at the end of this year wearing a navy blue semi-suit for the awards ceremony red carpet rather than a stage costume.

“I would like to dedicate all the congratulations and joy of receiving awards to our grateful members who are faithfully carrying out their assigned duties.”

He didn’t seem the least bit embarrassed or in a hurry to attend alone.

Instead as always it was appropriate without the slightest tension and there seemed to be no loopholes whatsoever.

And he also gave this hint.

“We will show you what you expect next year as well.”

Wow!

“thank you.”

Applause rang out toward Cheongryeo who slightly bowed her head. Big Sejin who was smiling respectfully trusted the magnificent BGM and whispered.

“Are you saying you want to release a solo album?”

“huh.”

There’s going to be a dog fight again.

Moreover if he is that guy he hints at the complete VTIC or even sneakily inserts a song that will later be arranged as a group song into the build-up… I’ll give him the ‘Colorful K-Pop Star Award’.

I looked at the shabby-looking plaque on the table.

This is an item that suddenly appeared this year to appease sponsoring companies. We received it without any reason or grade.

‘When it’s time to make something like this let’s break down the Rookie Award.’

Still it will probably disappear next year so isn’t it rare?

“It’s a prize. congratulation.”

“yes.”

Cheongryeo whom I met backstage also praised this award.

I quietly handed the award over to the staff member who was taking care of the award. Then Cheongryeo who had been watching without much agitation opened her mouth.

A random remark.

“Didn’t you hear the good news?”

what?

“Is it possible that your pet dog is giving birth?”

“Hmm junior did you fall asleep during science class?”

I mean what kind of bullshit is this? I feel the same way here.

I looked at him to tell him to speak properly. Cheongryeo stared at me as if thinking for a moment then smiled slightly.

“Well it doesn’t matter.”

“yes?”

“No it means that if there is good news I want you to let me know.”

why.

“Because I’m curious.”

With those words he got into his car and left the awards ceremony. Then I sent a short video via text. With a message.

-happy birthday. (video)

“…”

The video was about a dog receiving a new cushion as a gift instead of a broken one.

‘What do you mean?’

Of course I thought it would be fun to ask so I left it alone.

By this point you must have learned that if anything makes me X you will also become X.

Anyway the last Music Awards of the year came to an end leaving behind numerous temporary awards for distribution.

What’s left…

“We are making a comeback!!”

That’s right.

It’s a new year and a new activity period.

We will make a comeback in January when all results can be fully reflected.

And we plan to use a method that will attract much more attention and use up more time than regular music broadcasts.

as soon as.

“We will make a comeback at the awards ceremony in January.”

“Yesss!”

Even though we already knew this the response was strong. It was clear that everyone was excited because it was their first comeback in a long time.

In fact there was almost pressure from the head office to make a comeback at ToneA in December. Because that’s their awards ceremony.

But we discouraged that opinion.

“It’s a good thing you protested that the stage quality wasn’t up until then!”

“I made the right decision!”

“Happy New Year Comeback? “It’s the best!”

…It may seem like they were a little overly excited but it was amazing to see these guys who were already intoxicated with the taste of victory humming and practicing all night long.

“…good. Yes I think it will definitely work out!”

“brother! “There’s a jinx in that!”

“…?!”

“I’m kidding.”

“hey!”

So on Monday January 9th we will be on a New Year’s late-night radio schedule just before our comeback.

Of course this is all a calculated action.

“It’s not really publicity it’s kind of viral.”

“I like that it has a bit of gimmickiness without being too bold!”

Since talk is the main content we can only say as much as we want to say. Isn’t this the age where you can be scared on the radio anymore?

And I want to give fans the pleasure of guessing and guessing what kind of album will be released.

Because it is a limited medium there is no need to worry about the promotional effect being used up there.

‘A kind of eve ceremony.’

I smiled and said hello to the media room in front of the radio booth.

“i look forward to.”

“Wow! yes!”

The writers and staff welcomed the group warmer than expected and everything went smoothly.

“The testers are scheduled to be deployed in 16 minutes!”

“yes!”

We sat on the sofa outside and began waiting to enter. Since it was a surprise appearance it was planned to make it feel like an intrusion.

“Mundae this is…”

“ah. thanks.”

I massaged the stress ball held out by Sun Ah-hyun.

And he blinked slowly.

‘There’s nothing to do while waiting like this.’

This is the time to stay conscious and do nothing at the same time because you might miss the timing while thinking about something else.

All that’s worth doing is reorganizing in your head what you’re going to say on the radio.

Blink.

‘First say hello and make sure the audio doesn’t get cut off… ’

Blink.

‘Kim Rae-bin is excited so I made sure not to spoil too much about the song.’

Blink-blink

‘The last time I said goodbye was Bae Se-jin… ’

Blink.

I see a dark ceiling. I closed and opened my eyes again.

Blink.

It’s the same.

“…”

It’s dark for a moment?

“…!!”

I got up. And then I realized I was lying down.

‘what?’

It was a bed. No bed?

‘what’s this.’

I fumbled my way down the bed.

‘fire.’

Beep.

When I press the button on the wall the light comes on.

And the comfortable bedroom scene was revealed.

“…!”

A room with a poster of Testa.

I feel like I’ve seen this structure somewhere but no I’ll think about it first…

I suddenly woke up in a different place.

“Whoa.”

I took a deep breath.

Honestly now that I’ve been through so much I don’t think I’d be surprised if something crazy happens…

‘No matter what how can something happen without any sign?’

There were no pop-ups no status windows or even any psychological signs!

‘First of all from the status window… ’

It was then.

[brother!]

“Ugh.”

A sound rang in my head. A sound like vibration carries meaning

‘vibration?’

And I realized that the vibration that conveyed meaning was something I had already experienced.

When Geondal who was studying for the civil service examination in Ryu Geon-woo’s body sometimes lost control and used my body.

“…no way.”

Hey this can’t be right.

I suppressed my silence and thought that I wanted to reply to this voice in my head.

Then.

Hwiik.

Strange calculations and processes pass by in my mind in an instant and then a pop-up appears in front of my eyes.

[_____]

what’s this.

[what’s this_]

I get it.

‘This is a chat pop-up.’

This is what Big Moon used to send me.

And that means one thing.

“Damn it.”

I realized that my voice was familiar in another way so I picked up my smartphone and checked my face with the front camera.

“…”

That’s right Ryu Geon-woo fuck…

“Damn it.”

[brother? Is it really possible that you are in my body now?]

“okay!”

Hey I have no system left!

I think that thought just went to the pop-up chat but I’ll pass it over for now… and think about it. What can I do?

‘connection’

Big Moon can also access Park Moon-dae’s status window! By sharing the view.

I don’t know if I can do it though. Let’s give it a try.

‘Is that… is it okay if that’s how I call the status window?’

I focused my thoughts.

Park Moon-dae status window system connection connection…

connection.

[-CONNECT-]

and.

Visions and sensations come to mind. It was the feeling of Park Moon-dae who was on radio standby.

It was correct that we could use the sense sharing that Geoldal mentioned.

‘after.’

Fortunately it only took a moment to feel relieved that it had worked.

…A hologram appeared in the shared view of Park Moon-dae.

That familiar status window pop-up.

[outbreak!]

Status abnormality mission failure\: return to original state

-Everything back to its original state as if it never happened.

\: Until end 23\:59\:59 (1 day)

“…”

[I’m really sorry I don’t know what’s going on! All it says here is that the mission failed…]

And I instinctively realized what this was.

Oh fuck.

“You had it.”

[yes??]

“It was with you.”

This damn system 1/4 status abnormality was caused by that guy not me…

And that’s because his body changes 10 minutes before the radio goes on standby!

[Aaaah!]

That was the beginning.

〈Continued in Part 2〉
