---
title: "Chapter 441"
category: "book"
index: 440
section: "Chapter 441"
slug: "441"
---

# Chapter 441

“Sigh.”

I took a deep breath and exhaled. The face of Ryu Geon-woo reflected on the smartphone screen moved along.

…This is an impossible situation but let’s try to sort it out as calmly as possible.

1. Park Moon-dae (me) and Ryu Geon-woo (geundal) changed bodies.

2. Park Moon-dae is the main vocalist of a first-generation idol group and is on the verge of a comeback.

but.

3. Ryu Geon-woo (Keundal) who entered Park Moon-dae’s body is a comebacker a naggi and has no idol experience.

And this is where Hwaryong’s point comes into play.

4. Park Moon-dae’s live radio broadcast is in 10 minutes.

“…”

It turned. It’s not like I’ve been through a crazy situation once or twice but this is a really crazy situation.

‘Is this true 10 minutes before the live broadcast standby?’

The only hope I have is that I can share Park Moon-dae’s vision just like Keundal did.

First of all it’s an abnormal condition and it’s stupid so I have to do something about it from the live broadcast… Wait a minute.

‘…Park Moon-dae’s vision is getting blurry?’

The radio waiting room is hazy.

I feel bad. What if the problem occurred because I an outsider connected it instead of Keundall which was the original status window?

‘Fuck you.’

I can hear the sound of the live broadcast going downhill. I hastily started chatting.

“Are you okay? Connection problem with view…”

[I’m crying…]

“…”

[sorry.]

I understand.

However as his tears welled up a few people appeared pacing from in front of the radio booth breaking through the blurry vision.

…It’s the writers!

[brother!! brother! People want me to come in!]

“for a moment.”

This is not the time to get lost in sentimentality.

“Call your smartphone lock pattern!”

[Oh my debut day! Testa debut date!]

Pattern based on male idol debut date? You even made it so unintuitive!

Anyway I quickly think about it.

‘Excluded because there is no ‘0’ notation on the keypad. However since the pattern has only three digits there are too few so if you add the year… ’

Five digits!

After connecting the positions of the five numbers I lifted my finger and a screen opened.

‘That’s right!’

I immediately started downloading the broadcaster’s radio app. I was thinking of replacing Park Moon-dae’s hearing with this.

‘I’d rather end up with this than try to share Park Moon-dae’s body and hearing and make a mistake during a live broadcast.’

To be honest I was at a point where I had no idea how I was even sharing my perspective.

Let’s get to work right away.

I opened the downloaded radio app. In those few seconds plans were made discarded and reviewed simultaneously.

And then I got up from the bed.

“Listen carefully.”

[yes!]

“This is a surprise radio appearance right before the comeback. The script has at most five or six lines and can be checked in real time. Since there are a lot of people I only have to answer questions that come directly from Park Moon-dae.”

Other than that they only open their mouths when everyone answers together and speak slowly whenever I give them a signal through chat.

At that time while I send the answer I fill in the gaps by adding exclamations and taking a little time.

But one thing is important.

“Before answering exclamations should not contain any nuance whether positive or negative. “You have to pay attention to that and control it.”

The moment you make a mistake by being sarcastic or inappropriate you become X.

The broadcast ends the moment it is broadcast. Tension is essential.

[Ugh…]

Geoldal displayed something like a terminal message in the chat pop-up. I held back a sigh.

‘It won’t work if it’s too tight.’

If you put too much pressure on it it will fail.

“You don’t have to worry too much about your reflex reaction it’ll be fine. “Because you don’t have an aggressive personality.”

But Chat cried out.

[please! Just control me! I’ll just react and do whatever you tell me to do! Just do what you write! yes!?]

I couldn’t be that desperate.

But I can’t hire that person who has a good sister and good brother-in-law.

“You can’t do that.”

[yes…?]

I sat down on the sofa and lowered my head.

“That’s a visible radio.”

[…]

This means that you also need to control your facial muscles. Including all reactions.

[Please save me.]

Isn’t he doing this to save his life?

I sighed.

“If you can’t decide there is a way to avoid the broadcast itself.”

[What is it!?]

“Just fall on the floor now.”

This is the surest way to have your schedule canceled.

Take him to the ambulance.

“…”

After a moment of silence.

[I’m sorry I can’t…]

Yeah I thought so.

Testa is already listening to the final briefing in front of the booth door. If you were so shameless that I would have collapsed in the middle of this you wouldn’t have come here to save me.

“There’s nothing to be sorry about. Anyway it must be hard for you to handle it alone right now.”

[…yes.]

“good.”

I already thought about it.

An amateur who has never broadcast before is put into a live broadcast? The tempo will jump and stand out unnaturally.

‘It’s even more problematic because it will be compared to the broadcast version of Park Moon-dae that I originally showed.’

I needed someone who could assist that guy and fight back on the spot.

However if you share it with all 7 people right away a big disaster will occur. So… there is only one answer in the end.

I pressed my cheek and opened my mouth.

“I’m only talking to one guy.”

* * *

The area in front of the booth was tense with just the right amount of tension but not too much. It was only natural that it had already been more than five years since Testa began his broadcasting activities.

However just because he is a member who frequently appears on entertainment shows does not make him feel any better.

For example… like Lee Se-jin.

He had already read the script repeatedly in his head and checked his parts.

And the following order is also important.

‘Well this place will be fine too.’

He memorized the parts he was not explicitly assigned to but could ‘get’.

It is a habit that has not disappeared since debut survival.

Do your part.

Testa was already big enough as a group to be indisputable. However the trend of comparing and lining up individuals in the group as is typical of survivalists has not disappeared.

furthermore…

‘There’s no need to do it right?’

Stage pictorial producing interview… There was a member who stood out everywhere. To put it bluntly there is a member in this team who ‘scores points’ no matter what they do.

But walking while others are running? It was no different from resting.

Lee Se-jin wasn’t going to do the pathetic thing of missing a point where he could have taken the point. Forever until retirement.

“Is there anything else you need?”

“It’s okay~”

Still other members besides Lee Se-jin are now quite familiar with this type of talk-type broadcast. I had to do better.

‘Well it’s good that the members are reliable.’

Sejin Lee recalled the waiting room just before. Everyone is managing their own tension and waiting skillfully…

At that time a small whisper was heard in Lee Se-jin’s ear.

“Over there.”

A desperate sound with a hint of crying.

For your information this was a person who would never fit these two modifiers.

Thanks to this Sejin Lee turned his head almost as a spinal reflex.

“…?”

And then I ran into someone who was almost in tears.

It was Park Moon-dae.

Sejin Lee was so scared that she almost jumped up from her seat but held back. And the next words were really almost like that.

“I’m not Moon Dae-hyung…”

“…!?”

“Suddenly my body changed. “I am that big moon.”

“…”

yes?

“You know what. “In Geonwoo’s body…”

As soon as he briefly began to think about the possibility of Park Moon-dae pulling a prank like this 4 minutes and 50 seconds before the live broadcast he immediately threw it in the trash can.

In the meantime Park Moon-dae – a person claiming to be in the body of someone else but in fact a different person – was eagerly talking about the situation.

It ended with an explanation that he was currently communicating with ‘Moon Dae-hyung’ in some magical way.

“Well I heard that Moon Dae tells me how to speak on the radio…”

‘Telepathy… ’

A few childish movies or dramas quickly passed through my brain.

Still there was something that came to mind before the question of whether the past few unrealistic experiences had helped absorb the shock.

I was worried.

The last ‘nonsense incident’ was a building collapse.

Lee Se-jin who felt a chill down his spine opened his mouth.

“Is he okay?”

“Yes it will! “I was in bed trying to sleep…”

A brief moment of relief passed by.

“And… you want me to tell you this…”

“…?”

Sentences that felt like reading a Korean language book followed.

“First of all don’t tell anyone just keep it to yourself. “Do you know what it will be like if your live broadcast is ruined?”

“…”

You’re fine.

‘That’s Park Mun-dae.’

My eyesight became dizzy.

And Keudal’s earnest mosquito-sounding speech ended like this.

“Please save me. “Moon Dae said on the radio that all you have to do is trust Sejin…”

…Park Moon-dae!!

Sejin Lee internally shouted without changing her expression.

At that time Liu Chengwu turned his head at the front door.

“What’s going on?”

Sejin Lee was briefly conflicted. however…

“…Ah~ No! I have to go in! “Come on let’s get to the radio properly~”

Park Moon-dae was right. This is… the moment the conversation tempo is disrupted by sharing it’s hell.

He gritted his teeth and laughed. Then he grabbed the back of Park Moon-dae’s body and cheerfully entered the booth.

However there was something that both Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae missed.

It is said that Sun Ah-hyeon was waiting next to them… quite close enough that I could vaguely hear the conversation.

It was a gap created by the combination of a live broadcast and a strange phenomenon.

“…”

“Ahyun hyung? “It’s time to enter the booth.”

“Ugh!”

Sun Ah-hyun swallowed her saliva.

And with a pale complexion he followed me into the booth with a determined step.

…So at 23\:47 on Monday January 9th.

That night when people are busy living reality frantically planning the new year and the beginning of the week.

“Song DJ’s midnight radio. It’s a Monday specialty. “We are back in the &lt;Weekly Lucky&gt; corner.”

has just entered the final Monday corner.

“We have invited some very special guests today.”

The elderly radio host smiled as he saw seven tall idols rushing in.

It’s been a long time since there was this much noise on the radio as she is well-received for comforting the day step by step with her soft voice.

‘You are young.’

Testa was on his way in actively responding warmly to the greetings of the directors outside the booth.

Still like top stars who have been doing well for several years they are all skillful and naturally find a seat sit down and smile happily.

“I think listeners will probably be very surprised.”

She looked at the table carefully and checked his face.

Of course I knew the names of all the guests. Surprisingly all seven of them had enough reputation that she did not need to learn them separately.

‘The blond young man over there is Cha Yu-jin the scraggly young man with ponytails is Kim Rae-bin and the pretty young man with a hood is Bae Se-jin… ’

And this cute friend sitting right next to me is Park Moon-dae who is famous for his composure.

For some reason my hands are shaking like a motorboat.

‘…??’

The host almost rubbed his eyes for a moment. However the skilled mouth made the intended introduction.

“Testa the undisputed king of K-pop who won Singer of the Year at the Gold Disk Awards a few days ago!”

And when I saw the hand again it had already disappeared under the table.

‘Did I see it wrong?’

Of course Sejin Lee pushed him away with his elbow.

And so the thrilling live radio broadcast began.
