---
title: "Chapter 442"
category: "book"
index: 441
section: "Chapter 442"
slug: "442"
---

# Chapter 442

I tapped the arm of the sofa.

At the same time a cheerful greeting came from the smartphone radio app in my hand.

[hello! Take your star this is Testa~]

And a few seconds later.

-Just tested

-??

-Turn on SBC radio right now

-radio?

-Why is Testa a radio?

The Internet page was constantly updated.

I touched my forehead.

If the radio appearance had been announced in advance there would have been less interest. I usually watch WeTube and don’t bother looking for the radio to listen to it.

‘At best I’ll probably just look around for some clips later.’

However since it had the attribute of ‘surprise appearance without warning’ the amount of mentions actually increased.

This is a similar phenomenon to the way that a movie that comes on while changing channels is found to be more interesting than a movie that you find and watch directly on an OTT service.

‘That’s exactly what I was aiming for but fuck… ’

It’s back to karma.

And whether my head hurts or not the radio program goes on to talk about the latest news after greetings. And the internet page is constantly being updated.

[Testa~ I think we have great plans this year too. I am very nervous because I am in the same place as the music group.]

[Haha we are even more thankful and nervous for inviting us. And… yes. We are doing our best to prepare to see you more often this year.]

[that’s right! We will come to see our fans in good shape. And that’s why I came today too. Good job DJ!]

[Oh my~]

Liu Chengwu this type of conversation must have been frustrating. Cha Yu-jin also speaks well when she needs to.

The atmosphere is cheerful with laughter.

The problem is as follows.

‘…my turn in the script.’

[Oh thank you. So shall we begin our corner? Oh have you ever listened to our midnight radio…?]

I decided to open a chat as well just in case. You can say it directly.

“We…”

And Ryu Geon-woo’s voice that I make overlaps with Keundal’s sound in the app.

[…I heard it naturally because we often take the car. Later I changed the frequency and searched for it. I like it.]

Calm voice.

[really?]

[Really~ We are all big listeners so we requested it ourselves DJ Song!]

[that’s right!]

“…after.”

I leaned back on the sofa.

good. Passing score.

Surprisingly Geoldal was able to imitate my speaking style quite convincingly.

‘That means how often does he watch Testa content…?’

[brother! How was I??]

“good job. It was the same. “It goes on like this.”

[yes!]

…for a moment. However you should not suddenly raise your head conspicuously!

“you…”

Fortunately the moment Park Moon-dae was about to stand up in the app someone put his arm around his shoulder.

It’s a big hit. That guy is pressing on Park Moon-dae’s head.

“…”

thanks.

‘shit.’

I pressed my eyes.

“You don’t have to stay frozen in your seat but it’s weird if you move in response to my pop-ups.”

[That’s right. yes!]

I understand. Suddenly seeing the host’s words the script and even my pop-up on camera would make my head explode.

It’s like my eyes are spinning as I try to share the view and see the viewer status on the app.

‘But I have to do it because I have no other choice.’

And if you’re going to do it do it right.

-Is this a comeback signal?

-It doesn’t seem like it just came out does it?

-Full radio? Hahaha

-Testa speaks well again.

After quickly checking the friendly audience reaction I listened to the radio and looked at the surrounding atmosphere through Park Moon-dae’s view.

Sometimes it seems like Keun Se-jin looks at Park Moon-dae with a smiling expression that makes his eyes twitch but it’s okay. I will understand.

And finally we come to the main point.

[Return Monday. &lt;Weekly… Lucky&gt;!]

[Wow!]

[This is a corner where you can hear stories about this week’s unusual Mondays that are different from everyday life.]

There are two things that are often done on the radio.

Read the story. Comte.

What are you doing here? The explanation is simple.

Do both.

[Today friends from a music club in high school are going to read a story. Shall we say hello to our friends?]

[Yep~]

[Mom I’m on the radio!]

…Testa reads the story while pretending to be a high school student from the same club.

For reference the ambassador just spoke is Bae Se-jin. The color of my face didn’t change either.

Are your hands and feet shrinking? Originally this was the moment Comte was conscious of it. Be patient.

[If you haven’t slept for three days since the weekend and are still working on a project you may feel really tired and exhausted… We also sympathize with the story you sent us from our jobs.]

[You are a high school student. Do you have empathy in your profession?]

[oh.]

[Ah~?]

[…Of course~ Sejin is a high school student! Because they are young people with many dreams they have good imagination and empathy.]

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Possessed defense

-Should we view this as the idol ego winning or the high school ego winning?

└Comte Ego wins

Nothing much happened until the story came full circle. Sometimes it was okay to show off my idol self in a funny way.

The most important part of Park Moon-dae’s body was also safely handed over the story assigned to him.

‘Now let’s take the time with an exclamation.’

[Um… 9503 says that a friend with whom he has a bad relationship transferred to a new school today but there are no transfer students among us…]

Geoldal safely read the pop-up I sent and got through the longest situation without a script.

He didn’t even stutter.

‘after.’

“Well done.”

[yes!!]

I pressed my eyebrows.

Geoldal also seemed to have lowered his level of nervousness and tension a little and his vision became more stable than before.

‘good.’

Now this life-threatening event is almost over.

Soon the promised time was given on the radio. This is the amount of guest appeal.

[The last story of the day… This is a story brought to us by our friends in high school.]

[Wow!]

[yes! It is a great honor to be able to tell our listeners about the unique events we have experienced until today…]

Kim Rae-bin’s speaking style is too angular to be considered a high school student but he must have been like that when he was in high school so it is not a historical error.

Testa then started talking about a strange incident that occurred in the school dormitory.

Sun Ah-hyun spoke calmly.

[I decided to throw away one of the things I left on my desk last week and organized it…]

[I see. But what?]

[I keep coming back.]

[…yes?]

[Come back to the desk.]

[…]

[Continues until Monday today.]

There is silence.

-????

-Gapbun ghost story

-Ahyeon?

To roughly summarize this is the ghost story of Sun Ah-hyun’s aroma plaster doll that comes back even if you throw it away.

[…is that real?]

“uh.”

It was reconstructed as a high school version. This actually happened at my dorm not long ago.

[This is a true story everyone.]

[Yes. Ahyeon and I as roommates witnessed it firsthand.]

-No please say skit.

-Don’t try to save reality in a place like this.

– Hahahaha what a reaction.

The reaction to this quite powerful story is agitated.

Of course if I were to report the true story of the Testa shock that happened today I would definitely take first place.

‘Who wins when it comes to body changes?’

But if I tell you no one will believe me or they’ll faint so let’s move on.

Anyway like seasoned broadcasters they manage to set the mood quite convincingly. And the host gently created a radio-like atmosphere.

[Listeners are sending us a lot of feedback right now. ‘Could it be a ghost?’ ‘What shape is this doll?’ ‘Do you have a source?’]

[Oh it looks like a deer.]

However Kim Rae-bin made an unexpected remark here.

[I witnessed Moon Dae making choices together during a school trip rather than a tour!]

[Is that so? Moon Dae-ya do you remember when?]

Suddenly something came to Park Moon-dae. shit!

‘Don’t panic.’

I quickly tried to make a pop-up appear.

But surprisingly Park Moon-dae’s calm voice came out of the app first.

[that’s right. Last year Ahyeon bought it herself in Japan. At a used prop store without a sign…]

“…!”

The members and the host make a fuss saying that it has become more scary and reactions pour in on the Internet.

I opened my mouth.

“How did you know?”

…Surprisingly it was the truth without any error.

A pop-up appeared proudly.

[Hehehehe… It was in the behind-the-scenes video of last year’s tour! My brother chose the straight antlers between straight and split antlers!]

I don’t remember these details either. How far and what have you seen?

“…okay. Well done for staying calm. “It exceeded my expectations.”

[Really?! Hehe yes…]

Anyway Keoldal seems to have gained confidence and now his vision is unwavering. It was an unexpected score.

‘quite.’

I laughed and focused on monitoring again.

[…so! When was the first time Ahyeon saw that deer doll again~?]

[Ugh it was midnight that day.]

Anyway the story that really enlivened the eerie night atmosphere went well. And it ends in a reasonably comical way preserving the essence of the skit.

[Yeah actually everyone is guilty!]

[…?!]

The circumstances of the case are as follows.

Not knowing that Sun Ah-hyun was throwing it away whenever non-roommates found the plaster doll in front of the front door they took turns kindly bringing it back to her desk.

It is even said that Seon Ah-hyeon the person involved was so fearless that she wanted to do it even though she was skeptical.

It is a heartwarming story that only roommate Kim Rae-bin suffered because of this.

[Accommodation… No I even checked the year the construction of the dormitory began.]

The host burst out laughing.

[Why do you think there was a story before it was built? Oh my god!]

[So how was it Ravin?]

[A cow lived in a peaceful rice field…]

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-What’s wrong with our rabbit?

-It’s a surprise.

The guys who were excitedly taking charge of the story eventually slowly dragged the story to the really important part.

[Why~ There’s a saying that if a ghost appears in a recording studio things will go well!]

[Ugh it wasn’t really a ghost but it was something similar…!]

[yes. Even though we are still a school club I think this is a sign that we can do good music activities!]

Bae Se-jin responded to those words with a lively voice (I don’t know why he chose this character for the skit).

This is the main point.

[that’s right! Oh you know what? Testa is also making a comeback early this year.]

-???

-Huh?

Internet page updates surge again due to the sudden declaration.

‘okay. Testa’s comeback is coming soon.’

Actually it’s an obvious story. It’s been a while since you released an album and you’ve been secretly talking about it on social media so it’s a plan fans were all anticipating.

Still wouldn’t it be more fun to make a surprise announcement through an unannounced radio appearance rather than hearing it through an article?

I chuckled and fixed my smartphone.

And for the first time Park Moon-dae’s vision shook in a different way. Rather than being nervous… it was as if he was out of breath.

‘Are you surprised?’

Well now that I think about it this must be the first time I’ve heard this news.

Anyway Park Moon-dae doesn’t have any lines here so it’s okay to just listen to Testa news. I spread my legs.

[From what I heard they are stealing something.]

[Wow~ Is this a phantom thief concept?]

And it was supposed to end here with Ryu Cheong-woo answering something like ‘The hearts of the fans~’.

Suddenly the words came out.

[Te testa is the concept of a phantom thief this time!?]

It was Park Moon-dae.

…The big moon suddenly took off.

Without agreement.

[…]

[…]

There was a moment of breathtaking silence.

Big Moon covered his mouth.

‘don’t do it.’

That’s even weirder.

Kim Rae-bin opened his mouth looking at Park Moon-dae with an expression as if he had seen a ghost.

[yes?]

I pressed my eyebrows.

‘It’s ruined.’

That moment.

[Ugh. Moon Dae is very interested in Testa.]

“…!!”

[Are you a fan…?]

Sun Ah-hyun… received it?

‘how?’

However without having time to think about the question for a long time I immediately scan the audience’s reaction with my eyes.

that…

-Is it that kind of situational drama? Haha.

-What’s going on in Mundae’s acting? Why are you so good at it?

-For a moment I thought I really didn’t know.

-Did you get special training with Bae Haha?

Surprisingly good.

Because they performed a skit with a ridiculous high school setting in front of them they were accepted as part of it.

So… wait a minute.

“…!”

I touched my chin.

Is this… actually beneficial?

[…So~ I like Mondae Testa! Hey I know all the songs too~]

On the radio Se-jin who is very popular is trying to control the situation. As long as you agree well the flow can naturally go as it should.

‘but… ’

hmm.

[Sorry bro what should I do with this…]

“no.”

[yes?]

I sat back down on the sofa.

“It goes on like this. “You react comfortably.”

[…?!]

And after a while.

In the visible radio app Park Moon-dae opened his mouth with a serious face.

[that’s right. Actually I’m a huge fan of Testa.]

[…??]

[I heard you’re a real fan of Testa.]

I’ll leave it to you Keun Sejin.
