---
title: "Chapter 443"
category: "book"
index: 442
section: "Chapter 443"
slug: "443"
---

# Chapter 443

Idols’ daily lives as varied as W App Radio had something in common.

Light fans say that if they miss the real time they don’t watch it often. Unless it becomes a legend and becomes known by word of mouth.

At most you wouldn’t know it by looking at the hilariously edited highlights.

In that sense what Testa is doing now is…

-What are you all looking at?

-Ugh Testa

-Quickly go to SBC Radio

This was an exception.

From sudden surprise appearances to comeback notices.

I thought I had already done something since the ghost story skit which was quite a challenge just by listening to it but by this time fans’ SNS was excited in a good way.

And in the middle of it all.

Suddenly Moon Dae Park began to strongly claim that he was a hardcore fan of Testa.

[I know… I’m such a fan that I even know the songs on Testa.]

-???

-Park Moon-dae suddenly declares himself a high school boy lover

-What is the concept of this skit?

While everyone was confused by the concept of the skit and the comeback that went astray without knowing where it was going a clear sound of laughter came from the radio.

They are good members.

[That’s right Testa is fine. Mundae.]

[I am KPOP No. 1 Fan!]

[Ah I listen to Testa’s song too! The stage is also respected!]

-Is this your last bath?

-Bae Se-jin’s school lunch character still can’t get used to it. How many years has it been an in-house cafeteria meal?

With the addition of one person with fantastic acting skills the skit seemed to be on the rails again.

[No bro. What I mean is that I watch every single step of the stage.]

[…??]

[And I also watched all of the Testa entertainment videos. I’m a huge fan. It is the vitality of my life.]

Park Mun-dae started to lead in a crazy direction again. break away from the flow

‘hey!’

Then Keun Se-jin also took hold of the steering wheel again.

In his mind he put aside countless speculations and curses about Park Moon-dae’s big picture and the current situation.

And in an instant he came up with the most unique way to deal with it.

That’s right

[ah! I also saw the Testa Awards performance! That sword dance~ You saw that too right?]

[Uh… I guess so.]

[Oh and that Tibetan literary school? That member appeared on a variety show and sang… ‘Flower Year’? Is that also a included song?]

[Yes that’s right.]

[Oh I know that! Song DJ do you know?]

[Oh of course I know~ Don’t you know everything?]

It’s a water ride.

Testa had an unusually large number of popular hits.

This was because he thought hard about each part and always threw in at least one hot topic. That means…

[And as for entertainment… Wow Testa honestly I think everything you did with that PD was funny~ Do you guys know that carrot coin?]

[Of course~!]

[Ugh! I remember!]

[haha. That’s right selling hotteok was also fun.]

When comparing famous songs and entertainment shows it is generally not possible to certify a person as a fan just through words.

Because everyone knows!

-A strange situation where otakus try to promote social distancing but it doesn’t work.

-What is this hahahahahahahahaha

-Oh haha it was a trip down memory lane.

There are positive responses coming from all over.

The host also chimed in and brought the story along in an amicable way so that it did not bring up too much of other broadcasting stations and ended on an appropriate note.

Still we take listeners’ reactions seriously.

[Ah ‘5226’ sent it like this. ‘I remember too~ The whole family watched with laughter when Testa was shipwrecked.’]

[uh…]

Suddenly we took advantage of valuable promotional time to look back on Testa’s past activities.

‘As planned.’

It was Park Moon-dae’s first win in Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

Geodal unable to understand the situation was dumbfounded and finally opened his mouth again.

[No I’m really a fan]

[Tester you also won the grand prize this time. This year my goal is to make all people in the country into fans!]

[With the album coming out this year? oh my god!]

[Ahahaha!]

[…]

It was sunk.

Keudal who had responded to Park Moon-dae’s encouragement with trepidation at first began to get upset at this point.

‘…yes!’

So I immediately came up with the most reliable authentication method.

He shouted angrily forgetting that he had forgotten to speak informally.

[I went to that concert too!]

The calculation is that no matter how popular a male idol is it is impossible to hold a concert unless you are a fan!

However the opponent was Testa.

[really? We went too~]

[…]

yes.

Since I was a party… I went.

Even now he himself was a performer.

Keidal who had left the skit and was completely defeated by the facts staggered and tilted his head with a mesmerized look on his face.

He had no choice but to adapt to the reality of failing to be a fan.

It was somewhat lonely and yet so funny.

-Why is he like this lol?

-Park Moon-dae’s radio is in the process of self-destructing haha. He must be crazy.

-Great batting average ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

The feeling was similar to Park Moon-dae’s &lt;Azusa&gt; days when he was used as an ordinary My Face idiot character to evoke nostalgia.

But even though this was the same series… it felt a little different.

I would say it looks a little… comfortable.

It had a more natural and human taste. It was a lifestyle comedy that didn’t exist even during the &lt;Azusa&gt; era.

The host held back laughter and allocated time professionally.

[So did you hear a rumor that Testa’s album will be coming out soon this year?]

[Oh that’s right. Still since the College of Arts seems to be the most interested I think there’s something I’d like to say first.]

And Ryu Cheong-woo willingly gave up the first speech with the good-natured thought that ‘It seems like the College of Arts has really prepared a lot for radio.’

[…Me?]

[huh.]

Keudal was embarrassed but soon came to his senses after seeing Park Moon-dae’s ‘It’s okay’ pop-up.

Only half.

[Next album… I’m really really looking forward to it. Oh I’m not saying this to put pressure on you but I’m just saying that I’m really rooting for Testa’s sophisticated time science fiction worldview and unique connected large-scale performance…]

[What are you saying?]

[…I really want to tell testers through this radio!]

It seemed really earnest and sincere.

In fact it was because the truth was true. Because what was inside was a large moon.

-Gommer…?

-This is the first time I’ve seen a male idol show off his overindulgence in a group like this.

-Dude Gommer is taking responsibility for renewing the contract of the entire team unconditionally.

-Park Gomer’s group ego why are you so bloated? Are you serious? Where has the business gone?

At this point there was a similar reaction even underwater.

[…Thank you so much.]

[Wait a minute why is Ahyeon saying thank you…?]

[…! Because we… told you about the rumors of Testa’s comeback…?]

[That’s right~ We were talking about that!]

And in the end the story about the comeback was able to proceed ‘less promotionally’ in a much more humorous atmosphere.

[Hey by any chance… Will Testa make a comeback as a magic-using phantom thief in connection with the Magical Boy Trilogy?]

[…! I’ve never thought about it but I think it’s a really good idea. After returning home no back to the dormitory we had a meeting not for the next album… but for the next club activity…?]

[Raebin Kim is broken!]

Because of this atmosphere the members were able to talk excitedly about their comeback without any pressure mixing truth and lies and wearing the guise of high school students.

Just like that Testa’s comeback concept… ended with laughter leaving behind numerous possibilities and plausible delusions.

-Honestly wasn’t Cyborg a bit convincing?

-First of all I knew you were definitely not a magic thief.

– Hahahahahahahaha

And at the same time.

“Great.”

In Ryu Geon-woo’s body Park Mun-dae was monitoring all the reactions and nodding his head in satisfaction.

I thought it was the right time to refresh but it was actually good.

‘Park Moon-dae’s image has become a bit… heavy recently.’

There is a recent issue of stage accidents and the accumulating ‘professional idols who are too good at understanding public opinion and dealing with it well’ are also negative points.

Because everything is about balance.

‘I feel a little lighter with this.’

So he lowered his head thinking that this was not a mental victory but a real gain.

‘Now I just have to find a way to get back.’

Of course I didn’t forget what I needed to take care of before that.

“Are you okay?”

[yes!]

“You had a hard time.”

Geoldal certainly seemed to enjoy the situation quite a bit in the second half so his response was courageous. Moreover the atmosphere of Park Moon-dae’s vision that he was sharing was good.

Testa ended his greeting with a smile with the host. And he seemed to leave the booth without much fuss as if passing by a large moon with a little ad-lib.

‘I need to explain it well so that they are less shocked.’

Compared to a live radio broadcast this next step was better because there was time to plan.

He nodded.

“Now I will find a time to explain to the members so don’t worry…”

[I… about that.]

why.

[I think Ahyeon already… knows?]

“…??”

what?

at that time. Through the shared view of the big moon he met Sun Ah-hyun’s gaze which was looking in this direction.

There was no expression.

“…”

[…]

“I’ll go right away.”

[yes.]

Ryu Geon-woo immediately called a taxi.

And 30 minutes later. Testa’s dorm becomes filled with screams and monologues.

* * *

“also??”

“OK [Seriously we need to find something like our secret agency or something? This is like some kind of Net Plus Season 4 drama.]”

-Oh my the member’s body has changed!

As soon as they realized the situation they went through the five stages of shock anger confusion compromise and resignation in an instant and started yelling.

I nodded with an expressionless expression.

“I have some good news too.”

“What is it?”

“First of all it is clear that no one will die. “Even if it’s the worst changing your body is the end.”

“hey! “Then you’re retired!”

“So only in the worst case scenario.”

Last time I died in a building collapse but this is good news.

I raised both hands to Bae Se-jin who seemed to have blood on her neck.

“And the most critical situation has been overcome.”

“what!”

“Live radio.”

“…”

I’m serious.

‘I thought it was falling.’

And everyone became silent for a moment as if they were reliving what had just happened on the radio.

“Then it can’t be possible that Sejin and you are like that…”

“yes.”

Naturally my gaze returned to Geun Se-jin.

I paid taxes voluntarily.

“sorry.”

“Oh that’s right.”

Big Sejin seemed to be in quite a mess. However like a guy who is good at reading the mood it didn’t seem like he was planning on grabbing me by the collar and demanding compensation for psychological damage.

‘Starting with carrots.’

I immediately gave a thumbs up.

“It was great.”

“…”

“I guess you tried it because you all trusted your quick wits.”

“You’re good at speaking. I mean…”

However I have no intention of denying that I was today’s MVP. I know everything.

‘To be honest that guy also benefited from the results.’

And then… I turned to the second super save.

“…”

“…Did you hear it then?”

“Ugh.”

Fortunately Sun Ah-hyun just had a worried look on her face.

“It’s okay. Even if I didn’t tell you. “I’m not really a member who’s good at entertainment…”

“No I passed it thanks to your help.”

“thank you…”

Big Moon also approached hesitantly and lowered his head.

However Sun Ah-hyeon looked at me and Geoldal alternately with an expression of happiness but not knowing what to do.

And I say hello to you.

“Oh no…”

Now that I think about it all the members are looking at the big moon with mysterious expressions in the first place.

So it’s Park Mun-dae with big moon in it. I guess the atmosphere is a little different than usual.

Cha Yu-jin was a master.

‘That’s strange with my brother’s face.’

‘Be quiet.’

It was originally that guy.

Bae Se-jin also muttered with a strange look on his face. But it’s a different topic.

“…It would have been okay if the radio had told me. “No that doesn’t mean I would have done better.”

“I guess so. Because my brother is good at acting.”

In fact not only Bae Se-jin but also Ryu Cheong-woo are good candidates. Because he has good situational judgment is calm and is a leader.

“But the radio is on now so if I share it more and Ravin listens to it…”

“Uhm…”

“Quite so.”

-1. I’m not good at lying.

-2 Inability to control overflowing inquisitiveness and questions in situations that cannot be understood.

When the name of the member who seemed like the symbol of that human being was mentioned all members nodded.

And Kim Rae-bin was greatly shocked.

“Am I the type of person you can’t trust?”

“Um no. “Only when you lie on a live talk show.”

“are you okay. Ravin. “Because it means your personality is good.”

“…??”

Anyway after the shock passed a bit brainstorming began.

“Well shouldn’t you two try something first?”

“What did Eugene say earlier? ah! Net Plus. In dramas like that what they usually do when they return to their bodies.”

“…kiss? murder?”

“Both of you are so terrible brother.”

“no! “I’m not telling you to do it but I’m just saying what comes to mind…”

I found out what genre of drama Bae Se-jin watches. It was TMI.

‘Anyway the initial recommendation is worth using.’

First I grabbed Park Moon-dae… that is Keundal’s arm.

“Then let’s have a quick talk to sort out the situation.”

“okay. If there is a problem share it right away.”

I immediately moved to my room under Liu Chengwu’s confirmation.

Suddenly.

“You had a hard time.”

“no…”

And as soon as I sat down I started looking at the status window.

[outbreak!]

Status abnormality mission failure\: return to original state

-Everything back to its original state as if it never happened.

\: Until end 21\:26\:43

“hmm…”

I have a lot to think about.

‘As if everything never happened… ’

I looked at ‘Park Moon-dae.’

okay. I thought about it before but in fact that body originally belonged to Big Moon.

“As you know this situation of me being an idol and you being a public servant happened when I switched with you.”

“Is that so?”

This guy had no intention of becoming an idol and I failed the civil service examination. In short it means that each person is living his or her own life well.

But ‘Return to original state?’

I muttered with an expressionless expression.

“What is the probability that this means that after 24 hours they will both ‘revert’ to their previous lives?”

“That much?!”

You’re freaking out.

Big Moon pointed at the hologram.

“Look! Mission failed! It’s not a status abnormality! “I don’t think the penalty will be that strong?!”

“hmm.”

‘Let’s not make such extreme assumptions’ I rubbed my chin as I looked at the guy.

“And… I was thinking about it earlier but the wording seems a bit different from what I saw before.”

hmm?

‘Now that I think about it… ’

I remembered the phrase that appeared to me during the last building collapse.

\: Until the final disaster 00\:29\:59

“At that time the name was ‘disaster.’ “It’s over now.”

“yes. And the situation was a bit special back then. “It was a situation where I was just avoiding the failure penalty…”

yes.

At that time I had somehow narrowly avoided sudden death which is a penalty for failing a status condition.

And then it turned out to be a mission failure… Hmm.

“Then the mission failure effect has already been activated?”

The fact that my body was swapped with that guy was itself a ‘mission failure effect.’

“yes. I think so. So um… there are now 21 hours left until the failure effect ends.”

indeed.

Then it was worth it since I only had to survive for one day. That’s a persuasive yet advantageous interpretation.

But still questions remain.

“Then what mission did you fail?”

“that…”

Big Moon’s face became blurred.

“I don’t know either. “It’s not like I had a status window…”

“…”

I came up with a few hypotheses but stopped talking about them for now.

Confusing priorities was perfect for getting things wrong. Take care of urgent matters first.

“good. “Anyway it’s the most convincing so let’s act based on this hypothesis.”

I launched a pop-up.

[After 24 hours your body changes completely again.]

“yes!”

If I were to think about my experience while building of course it would be when I got through the day well.

I thought about it carefully and then nodded.

“first of all.”

“…?”

“Are you in a good mood for your annual leave that day?”

“Well… um.”

Looks like it’s not working.

“What about sick leave?”

“That’s possible but you have to submit the data.”

I laughed.

“doesn’t care. “If it’s okay to use up one year’s leave.”

“…?? That’s okay but…”

That’s it then.

“Is this the immediate team leader?”

I checked his contact information on his smartphone.

And the next morning.

“Hey team leader. I try to avoid using sick leave as much as possible. There’s also the personnel evaluation issue… right. “I thought it would be right to manage attendance as the team leader said even if it meant using my annual leave.”

The big moon is opening its mouth. Park Moon-dae has a strong chin so there won’t be any problems.

“I am truly sorry. “I wonder if I’m causing trouble… No it’s the restaurant’s fault but I’m still suffering from food poisoning this morning.”

“…”

“yes! Then I’ll see you at work! Thank you so much. “Yes I will greet you separately.”

Beep.

I hung up the phone.

And then I turned my head.

“Are you okay?”

“…yes.”

“Don’t be surprised I’ll be sending this person a drink this afternoon.”

“It’s okay… thank you.”

“okay.”

No matter how much of a civil servant you are it is natural that if a salaried person uses sick leave frequently he or she will be disadvantaged in performance evaluations.

So wouldn’t it be okay to turn that idea around and make people think that they use annual leave instead of sick leave because they care about performance reviews?

‘Well since you said you work at the district office you won’t be crazy divided like other 7th graders.’

Anyway I guess this guy’s work has also been taken care of.

“As you now know Testa is making a comeback soon so we have a lot of work to do.”

“Yes yes.”

“So… can you accompany me to Parkmundae on today’s testa schedule so that nothing unusual appears?”

“…??”

“don’t worry. “There is no filming schedule.”

There is nothing to do that makes you anxious like on the radio.

“And I will follow.”

“yes?! “Really?”

“uh.”

“How?”

Ryu Geon-woo did not take annual leave for nothing.

“As a daily road manager.”

“Huh?”

I got up from my seat. You have to deal with it right away to keep up with the schedule.
