---
title: "Chapter 444"
category: "book"
index: 443
section: "Chapter 444"
slug: "444"
---

# Chapter 444

This morning a manager at Testa unexpectedly welcomed a military member.

-The door is in a bit of a bad condition. I guess Cheong-woo called a relative. My relationship with Moon Dae is almost like family.

‘Scheduling with members’ families… ’

It was a bit of a daunting task for him who was known for working diligently as FM but he had no choice.

Testa has rarely made unreasonable demands for a celebrity whose name is worth tens of billions of dollars. Well then shouldn’t we listen to this very rare argument?

At least that was the company’s idea and as a subordinate he had to be criticized.

“phew…”

He went out to meet the members in a resigned state.

The name is ‘Daily Manager’ but I am prepared for a complicated day because I have a stranger to take care of who I cannot deal with easily.

And I finally met the military family member in question…

“hello. “This is Ryu Geon-woo.”

“Oh yeah.”

It was a handsome man who seemed to have been a relative of Liu Chengwu as he had kept him in the library for about five years and fed him only vegetarian food.

Up to this point I was a bit surprised but not strange.

“The personnel check has been completed and there are no members with any special needs. “Ah I have told the company about the problem separately.”

“Oh yeah.”

It got weird from here.

The person… was too quick.

“Wow~ Please take care of me bro~”

“uh.”

“This! “How about we drink and go…”

“thanks.”

Moreover the members have no hesitation. Anyone who looks at me would think that I am a person who has been through hardships and hardships together for about seven years.

Question marks began to appear in the manager’s mind but his body began to steadily move toward the schedule.

However when we arrived at the car Ryu Geon-woo raised his hand and made a suggestion.

“Shall I drive?”

The steering wheel?

Of course it is true that the person with the least time has to do the hard work but isn’t the case a little different now?

The manager thought for a moment but then nodded obediently.

“Ah hmm… yes. thank you.”

“It’s natural. “I am truly grateful.”

I thought it would be better in terms of time to let it go rather than insisting that I would do it myself and possibly causing an unnecessary fight.

Anyway the company is nearby so you can just use the navigation. After that all I had to do was sit behind the wheel first making excuses about my busy schedule.

‘After a few trials and errors he will take over the driver’s seat on his own… ’

However once Ryu Geon-woo got into the driver’s seat he skillfully used the navigation without even asking.

“…??”

“Then let’s go to the office first.”

“Oh yes.”

And naturally I started running on the road while checking my schedule.

“My morning schedule will be after the meeting I will stop by a shop and get a consultation and it will end around 1pm. “For lunch… let me know if there’s a place you want to eat.”

“That chicken!”

“Let’s raise a hand. Anyone okay?… good. Instead since it is just before the active stage it is boiled.”

The manager sitting in the passenger seat was given a break without any reason.

“…?”

Meanwhile Ryu Geon-woo is checking the backseat using the rear-view mirror and even giving advice.

“Ravin your head.”

“Thank you!”

Looking somewhere between a kindergarten teacher and a multi-year manager I could feel the vibe coming from somewhere out of the blue.

The manager opened his mouth without realizing it.

“What do I usually do?”

“Oh I’m an administrative civil servant.”

“…?!”

An unexpected identity emerged.

Meanwhile the car arrived at the company.

Ryu Geon-woo easily entered the park using the ID card in the in-pocket without even asking and confirmed the members’ positions as soon as he finished parking.

That means I didn’t follow him in.

“Are you… not going in?”

“…? I have to buy coffee. “Because I’m new.”

How on earth do you know that?

“Oh I’ll buy it from a place that offers an affiliate discount. “Four glasses of iced Americano decaf two glasses of Chemomile and one glass of hot chocolate.”

“…”

“I put it in when I got out of the car earlier. “What would you like to eat Director?”

The manager gave up on the idea.

For reference a few hours later Geodal similarly gave up on the idea.

* * *

“I feel like I’m going to die.”

“Hey I’m not dying I’m not dying~”

Sejin Lee smiled and passed the water. Big Moon barely took it and swallowed it with a shaky gulp.

‘Ugh!’

It was a crazy forced march.

Park Moon-dae did not lie. There really was no public schedule as exciting as live radio.

Testa had already finished recording the album and filming pre-content for the comeback so there was no other burden.

But the training schedule… the management schedule!

‘I don’t even know where this is… ’

Meeting room shop vocal training room osteopath… It was so busy that my eyes were spinning and even during the travel time they handed out pre-interview questionnaires.

[You don’t have to read it. Because that’s not what I’m going to do today.]

Ryu Geon-woo who was holding the steering wheel was a pop-up sent by Park Moon-dae.

However not having to read the questionnaire did not give me time to rest.

This is because 5 minutes later the car stopped at the company again.

The destination is the choreography practice room on the first basement floor.

“The bridge section you mentioned last time has been modified. It’s a little tricky isn’t it? Are you okay?”

“Yes~”

“Oh you’re always reliable.”

The choreographer who signed a contract with the label was scheduled to create the final fix choreography which was created by combining six or seven different drafts for 40 minutes.

Before starting Liu Chengwu gently conveyed special information.

“Ah Mundae is excluded from dance practice today only due to an injury.”

This was agreed upon. No matter what Keoldal can’t dance to choreography he hasn’t even learned.

“Oh really? “Then I’ll leave and start.”

And as if there was no time to worry or ask how they were doing ‘Park Moon-dae’ was immediately excluded and the revised choreography was demonstrated.

‘and… ’

Geoldal collapsed in his chair confused as to whether he should be happy about this because he got the chance or because it gave him time to catch his breath.

And I soon forgot all about it.

‘wow.’

-again!

Even though only the bridge part was practiced repeatedly the power was unusual to witness from close range. When I added the fact that I was ‘watching an unreleased new song’ my hands were shaking.

Moreover the moment you turn your head.

“…!”

Ryu Geon-woo leaning against the wall right next to the door was seen quickly scanning the choreography with his eyes.

To be exact Testa’s Park Moon-dae has the body of Ryu Geon-woo.

‘You remember it in your head.’

I realized once again that even though we share the same body our impressions change depending on who is in it.

And… actually right now is the time that he should be practicing with this body.

“…”

‘I can’t do this.’

In his own way Geudal had a strange sense of pride in his accomplishments(?) as Sangtaechang.

Still I’ve only given great help to Moon Dae on his path to becoming an idol… but now I’m the one causing a setback!

‘This is not it.’

So this is what I thought when the next schedule came.

“Now PT is in the training room until 9\:10.”

-This is it!

“That brother!”

“hmm?”

Ryu Geon-woo who had been leaning against the wall and watching the overall situation turned his head at the call.

“Wouldn’t it be okay to just exercise? “Your body is still the same!”

“hmm…”

“Oh would you like to try it? “It’s pretty fun though.”

Beside him Liu Chengwu responded willingly.

Geoldal was encouraged by the response and decided once again to willingly participate in the PT!

“yes!”

I shouldn’t have done that.

I had to check Ryu Geon-woo’s expression at that time…

However due to not having the 340-degree viewing angle of an eagle the big moon is now stretched out on the floor of the training room hazy.

…The course for advanced players was a magic cave that beginners should not attempt with determination alone.

‘This is how you lived… ’

It felt like a break after a long period of torture. At least my body was used to it so I just endured it.

‘Hehehe… ’

He drank the water that Lee Se-jin gave him like water of life.

But that break ended right away.

“It’s our travel time!”

‘Ahh!’

That’s right. This is because in the schedule right before the idol activity period rest was measured in minutes…

At that time someone reached out and supported the big moon so that it could rise.

“…!”

It was Bae Se-jin!

“Uh thank you.”

“…It’s nothing special.”

Bae Se-jin muttered. And after a little hesitation he added.

“It’s normal for it to be difficult the first time so you don’t have to think about it.”

“…! “Yes thank you!”

Bae Se-jin only nodded once and went back but Geudal realized again that he had a very kind personality.

No actually most of the testers were like that.

Even in the midst of his busy schedule he was kind to strangers without any particular territoriality. There was no one who was wary or mocking.

In particular the extroverted members even went so far as to talk to us and take care of any inconveniences.

“Hey.”

“Huh yes.”

For example in a situation like now.

Almost all schedules were completed and the car arrived at the accommodation when the sun was setting.

And then Cha Yu-jin spoke.

“Speak informally! I’m young. are you okay!”

“Uh um okay.”

Geoldal whose body was exhausted and gave in to comfort spoke obediently.

And Ryu Geon-woo got out of the driver’s seat and checked what these two were talking about.

* * *

‘Well I passed it okay.’

I nodded.

Big Moon had a bit of a hard time but I was glad that it was being completed without any problems.

“Hmm thank you for your hard work today.”

“no. “I am truly grateful.”

I also gave a stereotypical greeting to my manager.

For reference as soon as Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin were attached as guarantors Ryu Geon-woo’s daily road manager interview passed quickly.

‘Blood relations are the best.’

Park Moon-dae’s condition is a bit bad but he has no immediate family to take care of him.

So Ryu Cheong-woo’s excuse that he called his relative who was close to Park Moon-dae worked.

Unlike usual Park Moon-dae the dim-witted and bright version of Big Moon seemed to be in a bit of a bad state to the company employees.

Thanks to this Ryu Geon-woo was able to smoothly claim mental care.

As for driving… I got the hang of it after riding it a few times last night.

‘I got some help from Ryu Cheong-woo who has his own car.’

He seemed to be watching me quite well from the passenger seat.

-Hyung why don’t you take the driver’s license test even if you come back to Mundae? This is a bit of a waste…

That recommendation was also worth remembering.

‘Anyway it’s been a while.’

Luckily my body didn’t forget and I drove through downtown Seoul without any problems today.

Perhaps because they are disposable workers who are related by blood and do unpaid labor by taking turns at the steering wheel there is no needless discipline by existing managers.

I nodded after reviewing my day.

‘It looks like I didn’t do anything to get caught.’

I’m thinking of going straight to my accommodations and ending the day like I’m dead…

“Hyung Moon Dae!”

“…”

hey.

Fortunately Cha Yu-jin changed her name right away.

“Oh! Geonwoo hyung! Let’s go buy ice cream! Me Raebin Kim and BM!”

“BM?”

[He said “big moon” is a special nickname? [I changed it to be hip.]

‘Could it be Big Moon?’

It was an incomprehensible emotion.

In any case Keudaldo seems to have a bright expression on his face as if the offer itself was quite tempting.

However Raebin Kim whispered seriously.

“As your situation is special I think it would be safer for you to return home like this…”

“Nooo! Kim Rae-bin betrayed me! “Raebin Kim who said he wanted to eat ice cream is gone!”

“…! What a betrayal! Saying you want to eat it doesn’t mean you want to buy it yourself! “Now Cha Yu-jin is making a leap in logic!”

“I get it. okay.”

okay. As Kim Rae-bin said it’s actually best to go back to the dorm like this but…

‘You should give me carrots.’

Let’s be honest. That guy must have felt like he was being tortured throughout today’s schedule.

I said hello to the manager changed cars and got back behind the wheel.

The manager will take care of the guys who are returning to the dorm so I can stick with them for a while.

“let’s go. “If the convenience store right in front is okay.”

“Yeah!”

“Oh yes!”

“Wear a mask.”

The car started just like that.

The drive was over in an instant. I parked in front of the convenience store and got out.

And instead of going into the convenience store with them I stood in front and waited.

“brother! “Aren’t you going in?”

“Because I’m tired. Choose among yourselves.”

“OK~”

I saw that the convenience store door was closed and turned my gaze to the street.

That taxi.

“…”

Actually I just saw that tail following the car.

‘Why did I get caught now?’

Well in industry jargon it’s life and death.

Stalkers.
