---
title: "Chapter 445"
category: "book"
index: 444
section: "Chapter 445"
slug: "445"
---

# Chapter 445

People who follow every move of a celebrity’s private life.

Isn’t this the Stalker line that boasts history and tradition?

I’ve been living in a studio apartment since &lt;Azusa&gt; even stealing copies of the transcript so it’s not a new thing anymore.

It’s okay because security is good within the complex where this accommodation is located but outside of it this still happens sometimes.

The problem is that the person in Park Moon University right now is not me.

‘The timing is perfect… ’

Damn it.

I held back a sigh.

And then I raised my head. A group of people are getting out of a taxi and trying to enter a convenience store.

I stood in front of him with my back to the door.

“…”

Some of the faces are recognizable so I can’t possibly mistake them for regular customers.

“hey?”

“What are you doing? “Get out of the way.”

At first he spoke to me as if he didn’t realize I was involved but he soon seemed to understand the situation.

“Oh what the fuck.”

After that he didn’t even talk to me and started asking questions inside the convenience store while holding his smartphone camera.

Is he that type?

“What are you doing? Why did you come out? Where are you going? Is it a door? “Is it Mundae?”

“Kim Raebin~ What is Raevin? What did you buy? Are you going to give me a member? Are you going to give me a girlfriend?”

‘oh.’

I never thought I would see this again with third-person eyes.

As expected I can feel that if an outsider is involved for the first time he or she will be quite scared.

I was reminded of the studio apartment break-in incident during &lt;Azusa&gt; and immediately sent a pop-up to the guy in the convenience store.

[People outside are not regular fans.]

[Just bow your head and pass by. If you can’t do it it’s okay to pretend you didn’t see it.]

Big Moon flinched for a moment but then he picked up a bag of ice cream from the checkout counter and walked towards the door. Then the other two guys casually joined in and walked out together.

I placed my arms around the three of them and spread them apart to create space between them then immediately guided them to the car.

“hey!”

“Why is Eugene so mean? “Lovuer is calling but you don’t even answer?”

As expected as time goes by the attitude becomes more and more extreme.

‘It would be troublesome if this turned into a physical fight.’

This means that since Ryu Geon-woo’s body changes again Keundall will have to continue to use it. We need to resolve this as quickly as possible.

see…

‘No one was stuck in the car.’

Perhaps because not many people showed up they all stuck to the members. I don’t see the cautious type who deliberately comes to the car and waits.

‘then.’

I measured the distance to the car and whispered to Cha Yu-jin.

‘When the signal is given run and get in the car.’

step.

‘To the other side.’

‘Got it.’

And a few seconds later.

Cha Yu-jin suddenly jumped out and started running.

Turn the car around.

“uh.”

And the moment when people reflexively turned their gaze or body towards Cha Yu-jin.

I took the other two and quickly opened the back door of the car.

Sweet.

And if you push it… it’s done.

“ah!!”

‘Cha Yu-jin also rode.’

Because I jumped out first the distance widened and it was wide open.

All members have boarded the car.

The car has tint so you can’t see inside no matter what you do. Even if you knock on the window and ask questions it ends there.

Situation over.

“evil!”

For a moment the people looked like they were in a dog-chasing-a-chicken situation but they immediately turned their sights on the target and started focusing on the car.

If I had put all that energy into something else I think I would have already made one meal. I don’t know why people bother to use it for illegal activities that don’t make money.

“Mundae~ Mundae what are you doing today?”

I’m a manager.

I headed to the driver’s seat deliberately pushing away the person who was trying to hit the car.

Anyway the situation ended without it turning into a bigger situation.

“hmm.”

If I had to guess it would be the victory of the experience accumulated over many years as an observer and participant from data arm to idol.

‘It was my first time taking on the role of manager.’

widely.

After I got into the driver’s seat the car door closed.

It was quite quiet inside the car which was well-insulated.

“…”

“We’re leaving.”

I immediately started the car and pulled out onto the road.

Only after entering the apartment complex did Geudal open his mouth.

“This is so bloody…”

Raebin Kim immediately hit the head.

“It’s not always like this but it happens rarely and sometimes. “I’m truly sorry for putting you in an uncomfortable situation…”

“Oh no! “I’m sorry for coming out to buy ice cream…”

“Umm? I said I would buy ice cream! But no one was hurt and there is no problem. Mission complete!”

Cha Yu-jin shouted brightly and opened a package of ice cream. He just seems happy with melon-flavored ice cream.

This is truly a distribution worthy of someone from the land of the paparazzi.

Geoldal quickly accepted the ice cream that Cha Yu-jin gave him. Then after swallowing he asked softly.

“Uh um. “Don’t you hate it?”

“Well”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“Every job has both good and bad sides. “I just need to do a fun job where I can drive well!”

“…”

“And I’m the kind of person who can drive this.”

Wow.

“I also agree with the previous statement.”

Now Kim Rae-bin who used to put his head down is nodding his head quite seriously.

“I felt this even more after talking with my sister who recently changed jobs but every job has its own difficulties.”

Big Moon nodded slightly.

“So rather than denying my shortcomings I would like to appreciate my strengths and aim to improve them!”

“…! yes!”

The guy who looked like Park Mun-dae nodded his eyes sparkling.

The tension was soon relieved.

‘…It’s okay.’

After confirming that the two guys had finally put ice cream in their mouths I took my gaze off the rear-view mirror.

And after a while when the car arrived at the underground parking lot Big Moon sent a pop-up message.

[brother.]

why.

Since he didn’t say anything in words I expected that his intention was to have a serious and personal conversation.

however…

[Testa… Testa must be really crazy. I’m so happy because he seems to be doing well for a thousand years and ten thousand years. really!]

“…”

…No I wasn’t expecting such an emotional message.

‘Is this how you feel after going through that?’

I felt it since I was on the radio but this guy was no ordinary guy. but…

In the end I just chuckled.

It was okay if it didn’t leave a bad memory for that guy.

‘okay. ‘That would be nice.’

[yes!!]

Well aren’t those two guys really capable of doing this for a long time?

“Cha Yu-jin wait that’s the flavor Moondae prefers so leave it!”

“Umm… OK!”

It’s surprising but I don’t think I paid attention to steers in my previous life for no reason.

I finished parking safely.

“Let’s get off.”

“yes!”

Just like that the ice cream and the three guys arrived safely at the dorm.

It was officially the end of all schedules.

“It was hard. “This is the end.”

“…”

“Now all we have to do is wait for it to return.”

“…yes.”

I got off the steering wheel finished my final inspection and looked back at the big moon. The guy looked like he was thinking about many things.

I also happened to think of something.

“Now that I think about it I have something to tell you after work.”

“…! yes. “What is it like?”

I opened my mouth seriously. The big moon was seen swallowing saliva.

I don’t know what you expected but it’s an important statement.

that…

“As you know civil servants cannot hold concurrent positions due to service regulations.”

“…”

“Don’t report the manager’s profits.”

If a public official receives money through his or her own valuable second job without permission he or she will be subject to disciplinary action.

‘I’ve already written down my annual leave but there’s a chance I’ll get X.’

Please handle the unpaid service and receive payment separately from me later.

“…”

Why isn’t he answering?

At that time Cha Yu-jin raised her hand from the back seat.

[Brother until five minutes ago you seemed like the main character in an action movie but now you have become a supporting actor in a sitcom.]

If you’re a real office worker it’s better to have a supporting role in a sitcom who is good at managing time and attendance than the main character in an action movie who gets disciplined.

I patted Big Moon on the back.

“You were sick today due to food poisoning. Okay.”

“yes…”

yes.

The eventful 24 hours of Big Moon mission failure ended without incident.

…meaning it was like that until it ended.

* * *

I opened my eyes.

A pair of eyeballs were looking down at the surrounding area. They looked familiar.

And a slightly tense question.

“Is it Mundaemundae?”

I opened my mouth.

“uh.”

“Whew!”

“Oh~~ Welcome home bro~!”

Only then did the tension seem to ease and everyone around him started making a fuss.

I raised my head and raised my hands. I saw a familiar white hand. It was Park Moon-dae’s hand.

A brief feeling of relief passes by.

‘after.’

I clenched my fist.

And next to him Geodal who had returned to Ryu Geon-woo’s body seemed to be breathing a deep sigh of relief.

But still.

“…”

I looked into space without calming my expression.

“…?”

“Mundae?”

The people around me noticing my signs stop making noise and slowly become quiet.

Sun Ah-hyeon asked her pupils trembling.

“No way…”

“hmm.”

I looked up at the status window.

[outbreak!]

Mission failure due to status abnormality\: Return to original state (2)

-Everything back to its original state as if it never happened.

\: Until next start D-??

okay. It popped up again.

‘It was somehow easy. Fuck… ’

It’s as if they’ve grouped the two together as a set because they’ve changed and now that big moon guy even kindly displays a mission failure in my status window.

‘Did you really think I would say thank you?’

However there was a hint this time.

There was content that continued at the bottom.

[Target target ‘Park Moon-dae (1 / 2)’ lost]

[Unlock in progress]

[Remaining goals\: Ryu Geon-woo (2 / 2)]

That’s… our name.

‘They just changed bodies.’

This… is definitely information that can be squeezed out. You should find a hint here. It’s definitely related to Big Moon’s mission.

“…”

‘Once we find out the identity of the mission we can find a solution.’

So I had to work hard to come up with a hypothesis and verify it. But the problem is that I can’t just use my brain here and now.

I suppressed a sigh and pressed my eyebrows together.

‘There are two weeks left.’

A comeback was just around the corner. I had to prepare intensely.

Of course we must prevent the hell where a catastrophe occurs where one’s body is changed on stage during the active period.

But do you give up preparing for a comeback and focus all your brain activity on preparing for and clearing this mission if it fails?

‘Is there anything I can do to stop my promotion period?’

It won’t work. If my head doesn’t have enough capacity I have to use someone else’s head.

The problem is that the brain power available is limited.

Aren’t all the other guys who know what’s going on coming back with me?

Testa who immediately shared the situation and went into an emergency meeting was in a hurry and didn’t have time to think like me.

“Can I change my body again…?”

“You mean it will overlap with your active period? okay. Then you just need to come up with a plan. Or we could consider adjusting our comeback schedule a little…”

“Sejin wait a minute. I think it would be okay to talk about that last. First let’s check the condition of the gate. “How about Mundae?”

“I’m fine. The problem is that the body changes during the active period.”

“I’m glad you’re still healthy…”

It’s like this. And the big moon…

[Brother I really can’t perform on stage. I really can’t.]

What is this state?

“know.”

I have no intention of doing it. Calm down.

I calmed down Pop-up who seemed to be in a state of panic and finished the conversation with the people gathered around.

Although it was a vague stopgap measure that said ‘If circumstances allow I may miss at least a day of activity for reasons such as the flu.’

‘There’s no choice.’

This is not the time to discuss everything and try out every possible hypothesis.

Then I sat alone and started thinking about nonsense.

‘There is no one who is not making a comeback and coming up with unique ideas… ’

“…”

There is… I see.

The next day.

After thinking about it I chose an appropriate time and contacted one person.

– Hello.

This is VTIC’s casting and hemp.

To that strange guy who is already in the military now.
