---
title: "Chapter 446"
category: "book"
index: 445
section: "Chapter 446"
slug: "446"
---

# Chapter 446

[Hey brother why are you Joo Dan?]

VTIC Casting and Forging.

Why did this guy suddenly pop out of the list of brains to use?

‘To be honest… there aren’t many candidates.’

[…oh.]

Isn’t that why I was talking about the situation in the first place?

My body changes I return to the past what happens to the system… I’m not stupid enough to go around saying these crazy things.

There are only a few people who got caught up in the incident and had no choice but to share a bit of the situation.

‘And out of all the dogs he was the one who seemed the most resistant to this.’

He’s a bit… unusual but I think it might actually be helpful.

I contacted Joo Dan with the thought that I had to get my money’s worth.

First out of courtesy I asked about his current situation.

“How is your military life senior?”

-There is quite a bit to say about the efficiency of the conscription system but I will skip it.

“…Um yeah.”

I’m starting to wonder how that guy is treated in the unit.

But I decided to worry about my own problems.

Let’s see…

‘It’s probably a dormitory so there’s probably people nearby eavesdropping.’

Even if you pretend like you don’t call celebrities wouldn’t you be interested if someone stopped by?

The topic must be misunderstood.

“Actually while I was playing the ‘game’ I wanted to ask a little question about this ‘system’ so I contacted you.”

It was only after laying the groundwork several more times that ‘we’re casually contacting each other because of our hobbies it’s like a psychological test’ before we brought up the problem with the system.

To roughly summarize the mission fails the body changes and such-and-such status message appears…

After exchanging several questions and answers the guy eventually responded like this.

-Body switching… It’s a romantic comedy cliché. I’m not that versed in it.

“…”

Should I hang up?

‘I endure it.’

I have to use my brain so I’ll endure it for once.

“It’s actually good because I wanted to hear a third party’s unique perspective. “What do you think?”

There was silence for a moment.

And after a while Ju Dan suddenly spoke.

An idea I never imagined.

-Have you ever considered the possibility that there was no mission in the first place?

what?

* * *

A few days after that.

The final preparations for Testa’s comeback went smoothly without any major disturbances.

Originally since it was my first album in a while I tried to go hard and put in a lot of effort but considering that the last album was also quite strong ‘Savior’ I lowered the level of mania.

‘It was Haitai’s concept.’

If you want to do something like that again you need to adjust the tempo.

A stylish song that is popular in the mini album volume.

So the concept is…

“American public high school style teen!”

This is the standard for idols.

…Okay I won’t lie.

I decided to do it while I was still at an age where I could do it shamelessly.

“Ah aren’t we old enough to naturally digest things like this? It’s so sad. “I need to manage it better~”

“Actors in their 30s are also good at playing high school students. “Don’t be too extreme.”

“Ah… um yes. “That’s right.”

For reference this situation where Tiki Taka did not work was resolved by Sun Ah-hyun.

“Everyone’s outfits matched well and they all looked like high school students…! The stage will be great too.”

“Ah that’s right I can guarantee that!”

okay. I made it right.

[Oh… there’s no need to be this childish.]

We invited teacher Cha Yu-jin to participate in the music video and stage research. He was so excited that he decided on the role.

Everything went according to schedule and continues to do so.

“The changing problem of Mundaemun University is…”

“You don’t have to worry about it now. “Just wait a moment.”

“…okay.”

So the comeback preparations went smoothly.

There were no problems.

But I didn’t forget the status window.

And a few days later I saw this.

[outbreak!]

Mission failure due to status abnormality\: Return to original state (2)

-Everything back to its original state as if it never happened.

\: D- until next start?

I realized the information.

‘Big moon.’

[yes??]

I took a deep breath.

“I found out the date was changing.”

[…!!]

“Look at the status window. You can see that ‘D-??’ has changed to ‘D-?’.”

I picked it up with my fingers.

It counts down one by one but it only means that two digits have changed to one digit.

Going from 10 to 9.

“There are 9 days left.”

And if it’s the same time as last time…

“Probably… most likely around 11pm that night.”

The night of January 21st.

Fortunately it was before the comeback stage. I diligently reviewed the schedule for the day in my head.

[Then… Are you cutting the schedule accordingly?]

“…”

Here is the difficult part.

“No you can’t do that.”

[…!]

“I go to work as Ryu Geon-woo and you go to work as Park Mun-dae.”

I spoke slowly.

“That’s what we have to do on the day.”

[Why why?]

“Because that seems like a way to end the mission failure effect.”

I recalled a conversation I had with Judan a few days ago.

Those random words.

-… There is no mission?

-yes. It is an empty narrative that they tried to eliminate the culprit but in fact there was no culprit. It’s so common now that it’s become a cliché that breaks the cliche.

Honestly I didn’t agree with that weird logic.

However the moment I heard the sentence itself a thought suddenly came to mind.

“You changed my condition failure into a mission failure. So the system never considered it a mission in the first place. “Originally it was more than just a condition.”

and.

“Originally ‘mission’ means a goal that I arbitrarily set through the status window in order to receive rewards.”

This is through the characteristic ‘mission constitution’ given by this guy.

“But you can’t make it in the first place.”

The pop-up stopped for a moment.

“Because you don’t have a status window.”

So for Keundal a mission is an impossible concept.

[So… there is no mission…]

okay.

‘There is no mission itself but the moment a mission failure appears it becomes something forced.’

The algorithm was messed up because of the haphazard substitution.

therefore.

“Now mission failure is inevitable.”

Instead of solving a mission that doesn’t exist.

“When a failure effect occurs the approach must be to disarm the target.”

-… According to your theory the strategy you used during the building escape game seems to be the right strategy.

Just like when I escaped from a collapsing building and the system’s ‘target’ was lost.

Instead of guessing about a mission that didn’t exist in the first place think about what happened after the mission failed.

‘Then the circumstances are clearly revealed.’

I chuckled.

“Do you remember what we did when we switched bodies?”

[Well I stayed as a tester and my brother came with me as a road manager…]

“yes.”

So let me explain this again.

“You lived the original daily life of ‘Park Moon-dae’ and I escaped from the original daily life of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.”

[…!]

“So I think only Park Moon-dae has been removed from the target list.”

Like this.

[Target target ‘Park Moon-dae (1 / 2)’ lost]

[Unlock in progress]

[Remaining goals\: Ryu Geon-woo (2 / 2)]

So now the goal is clear.

“It makes us think we are living our lives properly without changing. So you just have to lose your target.”

Geoldal didn’t answer for a while.

And soon a pop-up appeared.

[Then I will once again be a tester Park Mun-dae and you will be a civil servant Ryu Geon-woo…!]

yes.

I nodded.

‘This is correct.’

I was relieved to see a perfect conclusion. The timing was just right.

‘Now if I just do it properly… ’

[Wow I think it was a really wise decision for you to contact Judan! I think Judan is a good person!]

“…”

hmm.

That’s… kinda.

After getting a good answer from him I asked him a fairly friendly question ‘What girl groups are popular in the military these days?’

And I got this answer\:

-I don’t know. After work we can access modern civilization on our own smartphones but there is no need to all immerse ourselves in mass media such as TV.

-…

-Of course the scope of use is controlled for security purposes.

-yes.

I can’t believe there’s someone who says that using smartphones is a waste of money and that girl groups that you watch on TV aren’t as popular as they used to be.

-Oh please say hello to Jaehyun.

Besides I don’t know why you told me this. Aren’t you the leader of your group?

Anyway… Even if you don’t contact Cheongya you’ll probably see it somewhere. Because it’s awards season.

I held back a sigh as I finished recalling what I had said with Judan.

“…It was helpful. okay. So if we change on the night of the 21st I think we should talk about what I will do when I come to work on the 22nd.”

[Oh I’m not going to work that day!]

“…? Oh I guess so.”

The 21st is Saturday… so the next day will be Sunday. I nodded.

It would make things a lot easier right?

“Then tell me what you were going to do because I will continue with what you originally planned to do that day.”

[Hmm… I was planning on resting on Sunday without doing anything else!]

For some reason it seemed like that.

But what he said next was unexpected.

[By the way Saturday night… I’ll probably be out at that time.]

This guy at 11pm?

“okay. “What’s going on?”

And a completely unexpected answer came back.

[Actually… I’m going to the fan signing event!]

“…”

Why did you come there…?

‘No wait.’

Yes I have a fan signing event scheduled on Saturday. To be exact Testa.

-Ohsung AI secretary ‘Curious Vega’ advertising model Testa fan signing event application!

It is a fan signing event for advertising models held by companies.

‘But why are the civil servants there… ’

[Because you won…?]

Oh to get an autograph…

“…”

after. I lowered my head.

[Sorry! I thought I should surprise you on the day but I guess I was short-thinking. Shall I cancel the wedding?]

“no.”

If possible… let’s not let it affect the future or the future. You have to live like that. There is no need to take risks.

‘It’s rather good.’

Then you can comfortably see the face right before it changes.

Since the fan signing event starts in the evening wouldn’t it be a good time to check for any unusual information?

“good. “Then I ask you to take a taxi on your way home.”

[yes!]

The conversation with Geoldal ended neatly like that.

However time passed and the day of the fan signing event arrived.

A not-so-neat incident occurs…

* * *

“You’re saying it’s going to turn into a big moon when we get back to the dorm? “Somewhere between 11 o’clock and midnight.”

“yes.”

“okay. “I checked one more time just in case.”

Liu Chengwu whispered patted his shoulder once and passed by. I drank water and changed my clothes in the waiting room.

‘There is nothing wrong.’

However right after that something ‘abnormal’ occurred.

“I think there will be a delay of about an hour and a half due to problems with the organizer…”

“…”

“We don’t have a schedule behind us. “How about taking a little rest and adjusting my condition…”

The manager blurted out his words. In fact it’s ‘conditioning control’ because I like to say it but it’s just a problem that can’t be helped even if I’m upset about being late from work.

‘I don’t think this side can make a strong move because the advertiser is Oseong.’

Because Ohsung is such a large company. anyway…

I pressed my temples.

‘Is it dangerous if I get rejected and leave work because I’m sick?’

Let’s see if I’m as usual…

‘Of course I waited and completed my schedule.’

shit. Since it is a fan signing event without any future schedule it is already confirmed. Because the impact of cancellation is enormous.

‘…Should we go ahead with it?’

Or should I take unexpected action?

I clasped both hands. It was then.

“Mumundaeya…!”

“…!”

Sun Ah-hyun sat next to me.

“are you okay. Usually if we think about the signing time it will be over before then. “I hope you don’t worry too much and just go in a direction that’s comfortable for you…”

“That’s right. Statistically speaking it’s probably in the car or in the waiting room after the event!”

“…”

I looked at the guys surrounding me and nodded.

Surprisingly I felt a little relieved.

“okay.”

However I also briefly regret this decision…

I didn’t know that the short talk corner in the middle of the signing event would be delayed again due to equipment problems.

Plus this piece of the damn system moved a little faster than I expected.

…So when I came to my senses it was like this.

Blink.

Before I knew it I was standing behind a high school student holding an autograph.

A hamster headband was hanging off the high school student’s short hair.

“…”

Beyond the high school student I saw Ryu Cheng-wu who had finished signing with a smiling face.

Our eyes met. I avoided eye contact for now.

“…?”

Liu Chengwu seems puzzled. However his eyes gradually changed as if he was grasping the situation.

And there sitting right next to me is a familiar face with all kinds of strange fandom items plastered on his head.

…grow. Moon-Dae Park.

[brother…!]

‘I’d rather collapse and be taken into an ambulance.’

Now that this has happened you may want to consider a way to somehow avoid the event and pass this turn.

But… I can’t do that after seeing this.

[outbreak!]

Mission failure due to status abnormality\: Return to original state (2)

-Everything back to its original state as if it never happened.

\: Until end 47\:59\:59

48 hours until end.

Time doubled.

It was a bad sign.

‘If we leave it like this… it may change permanently next time or the next.’

I looked back at the back of the line. After all there is no one.

In other words it was just me and the two people in front of me who had to get Park Moon-dae’s autograph before leaving.

“…”

[I… I think I can fall down properly this time…]

‘…Listen carefully.’

I closed my eyes tightly.

‘You are Testa Park Mun-dae.’

[…]

And I…

‘…Light fan receiving autographs from members.’

I tried not to stumble and started to approach Liu Chengwu…

And so the worst role play on earth began.
