---
title: "Chapter 448"
category: "book"
index: 447
section: "Chapter 448"
slug: "448"
---

# Chapter 448

Now if Cha Yu-jin gets past this tiring fan signing event it will be over. I immediately sat down on the chair.

‘Let’s finish it quickly.’

Maybe it was because of my mood but my back felt itchy.

Maybe it wasn’t my mood. As it happens Ryu Geon-woo is the last person in line so I’m the only one sitting among the 7 chairs.

Even if it did how did it take this order?

[Sorryㅠㅠ]

If you didn’t manipulate the order you don’t have to apologize.

I suppressed a sigh and lowered my head.

“hello.”

Cha Yu-jin grinned and flipped through the sign to find her photo.

“Welcome! “What’s your name?”

“…Well I’ll take it as Ryu Geon-woo.”

Then Cha Yu-jin speaks.

“Aren’t you using BM? “You don’t like my nickname?”

‘uh?’

Wait a minute it’s BM.

Isn’t that the nickname I gave Geoldal the last time I changed bodies?

‘This guy… doesn’t he know that things have changed?’

For a moment I looked back at Kim Rae-bin. Kim Rae-bin has an expression that says ‘I don’t know why Brother Moon Dae is looking at me.’

I guess there must have been a communication error during the delivery process.

‘It worked out better.’

If you don’t know it’s me you can just pretend to be Geondal and get an autograph.

I started the engine.

[Ugh I can’t see it…!]

Why are you looking here?

‘Just blow your heart at the camera.’

[yes…]

I hastily waved my hand at Cha Yu-jin.

“Oh no! It was good. Uh somehow I feel like I have to use my real name in places like this… Oh of course I’m fine with it if you use my BM!”

“Got it.”

Cha Yu-jin hummed and moved the pen on the signature paper. And then he asks endless questions.

“Have you eaten? “Did you come from far away?”

Why?

No regardless of whether or not someone you know comes to the fan signing event the attitude of conducting personal background checks fairly may be seen as a good thing.

Anyway I answered as I could.

“Yes I ate well. And um… it didn’t come from far. “Because it’s nearby my house!”

“Oh! I live nearby too! “We might have seen each other by chance.”

I guess so. Because we live together.

Cha Yu-jin grinned.

“But why are you being polite? “Is your brother younger than me?”

“ah.”

Now that I think about it the two of them had a conversation.

I threw up my hand.

“I guess because it’s a seat…! I don’t think that will work. “I’ll let go from now on!”

“OK~ I like that! Take it easy.”

Cha Yu-jin even held out one hand and gave a high five. It feels like I won some kind of basketball game.

Moreover he didn’t stop talking during that time.

“Is there anything else we can do? Let’s do everything. “It’s not good to have regrets!”

Thanks for the timing.

“Oh wait a minute…!”

I rummaged through my shopping bag and pulled out an item with the name ‘Cha Yu-jin’ on it.

But… um this string with shiny beads on it…

‘It’s a face chain.’

It’s an accessory worn on the face but to be honest it’s for the stage.

This means that if you wear it somewhere other than the stage it is flashy enough to attract aggro unless it is Halloween.

So… I mean.

‘I think it will be in the top 10 items that Cha Yu-jin will never wear unless it is on stage.’

In that sense it might be seen as a smart choice.

How about anything? Just give it to me and that’s it.

I quickly held out the face chain.

Cha Yu-jin accepted the envelope with curious eyes but then squinted and took out the chain.

“Do you want to see me do this?”

“yes.”

Not me but your fans.

“all right.”

Cha Yu-jin wore the item. I think I can hear the joyful screams of the home horses all the way up here.

“Wow!”

No I can actually hear it.

‘I’m glad someone is happy.’

The goal of the fan signing event has been achieved so that’s it… I turned my body slightly to expose Cha Yu-jin.

Cha Yu-jin shakes her head slightly.

“Does it look good on you?”

“Oh it really suits you!”

“Umm… I know.”

Then why did you ask?

Cha Yu-jin answers a little harshly then lowers her head and whispers as if she is telling a secret.

“I don’t normally do things like this. But I did it because Lover gave it to me. “You know right?”

“…”

“I only remember you!”

‘Hey.’

He really is a great guy. Once you visit a fan will never miss it.

“okay. “I’ll definitely remember it!”

“Yeah~!”

Cha Yu-jin smiled and took the pen off the autograph. And held it out to me.

This means that the fan signing event has finally ended.

‘That’s it.’

We’ve gotten over this damn situation…!

“thank you!”

“I am grateful!”

I smiled brightly and tried to get up.

It was then.

[It was fun! Can we try it again later at the hotel by ourselves?]

“…!”

“Welcome in! See you again.”

I reflexively looked down at the sign in my hand.

The autograph left by Cha Yu-jin.

On both sides of the guy’s face… there were two identical signs written side by side.

However the recipient was different.

-To. BM

-To. Ryu Geon-woo

I raised my head.

Cha Yu-jin purred and waved her hand.

‘Hyung Moon Dae!’

It was an exquisite timing that didn’t seem to be caught by the camera behind him.

I don’t know if he was aiming for that or if he didn’t care.

“…”

I staggered back to the auditorium and sat down.

The high school student who signed my autograph in front of me happened to be sitting next to me. ask me

“How was it there?”

“…it was amazing.”

“Right?!”

“yes.”

Should I make that guy… act?

Should we be surprised that Cha Yu-jin came out in the most natural way after fully understanding the situation?

Or maybe I should be embarrassed that I was fooled by that guy.

‘I’m going to turn… ’

Oh damn.

I resisted the urge to close my eyes and tried to adjust my posture.

At that time the vibration of something hitting the shopping bag was heard.

‘hmm?’

The only thing left is Bae Se-jin’s hamster headband which was omitted.

I looked inside again.

Surprisingly there were still items left in the shopping bag other than the hamster headband.

When I took it out… it was a bear paw with pink jelly on it.

“…”

There is a name tag on it but you can tell who it is without even looking at it.

[Lee Se-jin]

And then I realized.

Because I was arguing with Geun Se-jin I forgot to give him the item.

“…”

“Wow you didn’t give me this?”

“…yes.”

…Let’s think about it.

First fan signing event.

I was nervous so I skipped one gift… hmmm.

‘It could very well happen.’

It felt natural.

“I’m nervous.”

“Ah it must be such a waste.”

“It’s a bit like that.”

It wasn’t a big waste but I decided to deliver it later anyway. I packed my shopping bags again.

“Everyone it’s really late so be careful when you go in!”

“See you next time~ I love you!”

And as I watched the guys working hard on fan service until the end it seemed like the day’s crazy activities ended safely.

I naturally waved like everyone else.

Then I made eye contact with the Testa manager in the back seat.

“…”

“…”

It looks like he can’t believe his eyes.

I quietly averted my gaze.

‘Isn’t it possible that your family is a fan?’

The eventful fan signing event ended like that.

“Whoa.”

Immediately after joining the crowd and naturally leaving the fan signing event.

[brother?! Where are you going?]

A perplexing pop-up arrived.

‘Where are you going? ‘Go back to the officetel.’

Now that things have changed we have to live each other’s daily lives as they are.

[Ah… I see.]

After a short conversation asking him to tell the others I walked over and called a taxi.

And it was only after looking at the status window again that I realized it.

for a moment.

‘It’s now been two days not one day for my body to change.’

And 48 hours… means this continues until Monday. I once again realized the exact meaning of those words.

‘…Ryu Geon-woo has to go to work.’

Won the Idol Civil Servant Daily Experience.

* * *

Sunny Monday morning.

I browsed through social media.

-2X0121 Testa Ohseong Curious fan signing event Park Moon-dae (photo)

-Oseong is really bad at holding events. Is this a large company? I almost couldn’t catch the last train because of the 2-hour delay at Fansign. I’m so mad.

-What’s going on with this fansite? There’s an uproar.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠFace Chain thank you so much for who you really are. I feel like bowing in that direction.

At first glance there seemed to be nothing unusual.

However if you go to a private account or anonymous site…

‘also.’

-The last one is that Namdeok brought all the fansite items here? (picture)

-I heard you were an official or a sasaeng card.

└There are still some bastards who believe in sasaeng stories haha.

└I don’t know I think it’s cool but did anyone take a picture? ㅠㅠ I’m curiousㅅㅂ It’s anonymous anyway so please solve it.

Some words came out.

‘This much… I was prepared.’

It would have been the same even if the big moon had come anyway. I shrugged and passed it off.

Anyway it was mixed with rumors and it was a rumor that would come out when Testa made a full-fledged comeback.

Well… this guy is a bit…

-I was sitting next to this person and it seemed like he was a really big fan. I brought everything for the other kids but there was also a member who I couldn’t give to because I was nervous haha. He was so cute.

You posted this publicly.

And it seemed to be slowly being shared on social media.

‘…don’t just steal your identity.’

It won’t get to that point. Let us believe in the aggression of social media users towards such moral issues.

I shook my head and flipped through the screen.

Then several characters appear.

-Geonwoo Geonwoo are you doing well? I’ll have to see you in the evening.

-I’m hungry 🙁

-I received a call that you returned home safely. I hope you don’t overdo it by contacting me occasionally like this until I can see you again… (See more)

This is a greeting message from the members that Ryu Geon-woo slightly changed to make it look like he would receive it. I don’t know what has changed.

And even Ryu Cheng-wu’s text message.

-Don’t forget your plans for today.

okay.

-of course

After replying I put my smartphone in my coat pocket.

Oh the reason I’m wearing a coat is because I’m on the bus to work right now.

That’s right. I finally go to work as Ryu Geon-woo.

[It’s okay to take a taxi…]

No. Because I plan to recreate your day as exactly as possible.

In fact what is more serious than what you earn is… can I properly do the job of a 7th grade civil servant?

[Don’t worry! I’ll tell you well this time!]

okay. The situation was reversed.

This guy has to control me during the day.

‘It was fortunate that Testa had no outside schedule during the day.’

Still after just trying it out for a day Keundal seems to have adapted quite well to Park Moon-dae’s practice schedule.

of course…

[…I’m a little worried about what will happen in the evening. That… plan.]

“…”

Let’s think about it later.

[yes…]

The urgent thing right now is your going to work.

I got off the bus and went to my destination. District office.

Ryu Geon-woo was in the transportation administration department.

“hello.”

“Chief Ryu is here~”

“Hello Chief!”

The atmosphere wasn’t bad.

‘I guess it’s not a busy time.’

I nodded here and there followed Geoldal’s advice and went to my seat and sat down.

‘Please take care of me.’

[yes!]

That’s how work began.

And soon I realized that Geondal was quite good at document work.

‘oh.’

First of all the classification is clean the content is not meaningless and there are no unnecessary expressions. The visibility of the images or data written is good.

‘It’s a civil servant society I don’t know anything about it.’

Although it was a study I did because I was afraid that I would fail if I didn’t pass the exam I was glad that it seemed like a good fit for my aptitude.

[Next first log in to your favorite site!]

Are you coming?

Although it was a bit awkward it was time to continue working and communicate with Geoldal without any problems.

“hey!”

A person who appears to be middle-aged comes and leans against the partition.

“Chief Ryu. “Have you finished drafting the signboard?”

Hmm that sounds awkward to hear right after going to work on Monday.

However perhaps because he was expecting an answer the person tapped Ryu Geon-woo on the back and left.

I leave these words.

“Properly this time! Please~”

“…”

hmm.

I think I just… scratched that.

I felt malice.

I called Keoldal described the person in question and asked.

‘Are you a boss?’

[Ah… it’s similar. Since the series is the same…]

The pop-up was a little hesitant but soon answered clearly.

[Anyway you do this often so you don’t have to worry about it!]

“…?”

Often… like this?

‘Isn’t this something that needs to be said clearly?’

I thought about it for a while and then went into the document box. And I looked through the documents drafted by this guy.

Traces of rejection can be seen on each side of the two.

However no matter how many times I looked at the document I could see that Keudal’s batting average on approval of draft documents was not like this.

“…”

Hmm.

[Ah after listening to your explanation I don’t think anything major will happen today! I think it will be okay to just do a few urgent things!]

…okay.

I first wrote the draft as he said and began processing the complaints that came in over the weekend.

First I thought I would take a look at the situation.

And a few hours later.

“We’ll go out to work and come back. It’s a meeting. “Please increase your attendance~”

The guy who appeared earlier started talking in one corner of the office.

“By the way Chief Ryu was originally supposed to go…”

“Uh but… the police chief Mr. Choi is here. So I’m going to go here with this chief.”

oh.

I turned my head in my seat. When our eyes meet he waves his hand.

“Uh huh~ Chief Ryu is taking a break. You don’t know much about this anyway. “You can go with Chief Lee this time too.”

“Chief…”

The guy called ‘Chief Lee’ who was looking at Ryu Geon-woo and ‘Chief’ as if he was watching eventually closed his mouth.

It means I’m going to follow what the cold guy says.

“…”

“And then take a break and look at our plan over there. Don’t post payment. huh?”

Hoo.

I watched him leave without saying a word.

Then he called Geoldal explained the situation and asked him directly.

‘What is this guy?’

The pop-up appeared like a sigh.

[Ah… there you go again. But I’m young… and it’s true that I don’t know many people in this neighborhood.]

So instead of Ryu Geon-woo who was supposed to go to the meeting with the 7th grader he brought along the 9th grader who was related to a local official and knew him here and there.

And instead they are ‘fairly’ passing on other troublesome or time-consuming tasks.

‘…’

I asked.

‘Is this the guy who kept rejecting Gian?’

[Oh yes! I look at it first before I step up to the team leader’s line.]

There was a mixture of anger.

Then it is true that you are not eating using Ryu Geon-woo at all.

‘It’s just fucking me.’

I crossed my arms while looking at the computer.

“…”

Now that I think about it Ryu Geon-woo seems to be the only young 7th grader in this district office.

‘It’s too sticky so it’s a problem.’

I can clearly see the continued attempts to pursue that.

[But actually I like it because it’s more comfortable. I don’t meet many uncomfortable people. You can quit!]

That guy seems really sincere.

He was a guy who had such a hard time during his school years but he must have been doing well without blinking and doing his own thing.

I thought ‘I guess that’s what you want to do~’.

but.

“…”

[brother?]

‘It’s good to be comfortable.’

[Right??]

‘But wouldn’t it be more comfortable if there were no annoying bastards?’

[…?!]

I had a nice lunch with my team leader while waiting for the ‘chief’ to return.

[Hyung brother?!]

I’m really looking forward to the afternoon.
