---
title: "Chapter 449"
category: "book"
index: 448
section: "Chapter 449"
slug: "449"
---

# Chapter 449

Unfortunately the 7th grade was remembered by Park Moon-dae as ‘Chief’.

This person remembered when Ryu Geon-woo was first dispatched.

-hello!

Most people go towards the city hall and roll around but this guy didn’t know how lucky he was or how he had the courage to fall into the district office.

It quickly became clear that it wasn’t the latter as there wasn’t a single phone call asking for anything.

‘You have to control something like that from the beginning.’

First of all it was easy.

You need to know something to do your job but what does a beginner who just passed the exam know?

-Chief Ryu are your parents here? Where is your hometown?

-Uh… no. We recently moved!

Since he doesn’t have any special connections in this town he isn’t helpful in any business that a level 7 person could do at the district office.

‘Then you’ll have to go through some trouble.’

I was planning to show some of the bitter taste of social life.

It was even more infuriating to pretend that I had grown up without any hardships due to my shy face and that I was persevering.

The fact that I didn’t have any blood on my head seemed like I was holding on with the pride of having done well on the exam so I didn’t want to see it even more.

I thought he would run away crying and complaining that he would somehow go to city hall when the next announcement was made.

‘Huh… Well whatever.’

The work is already finished.

He passed on all the cases that were cumbersome had a lot of responsibilities and were not properly handed over to Ryu Geon-woo and took care of all the cases that would be helpful for his connections and promotion.

And he thought of his actions as a kind of resourcefulness and quite generous treatment towards Ryu Geon-woo.

‘If I had gone to another district office there would have been a fuss about my retirement already.’

At this level isn’t it working more efficiently than City Hall?

In any case it would be impossible for that thing to live comfortably here now. If we press it now we won’t see someone like that get promoted quickly.

He really believed so.

But Monday.

“hello.”

When I saw Ryu Geon-woo coming to work I was momentarily embarrassed.

This was when Ryu Geon-woo scanned the office with his searching gaze.

“…”

Was it that cold of an impression?

Originally he had a soft expression that seemed a bit docile but somehow his expression seemed to have changed.

For an instant it seemed as if the person had changed.

“Hello Chief!”

However Ryu Geon-woo who was greeting others had already returned to his usual gentle expression.

It was the same even when he went to visit on purpose and made a secret comment.

“Properly this time! Please~”

“…yes.”

it serves him right. You can’t even respond.

He shrugged and moved on.

‘I guess it’s my mood.’

But here he should have noticed.

Ryu Geon-woo turns his gaze to the computer and smiles.

That afternoon.

When he finished eating for the meeting as usual the atmosphere in the office strangely changed.

“…?”

On the other side of the office I could see Inyoung beyond the half-open door.

The team leader was talking with Ryu Geon-woo at the table.

‘Why are they like that?’

It’s time to sit in front of the computer and type on the keyboard but what kind of wind is blowing like that?

It didn’t seem like he was being scolded for something happening. The atmosphere seemed good.

“haha!”

At that time Ryu Geon-woo who was talking neatly while smiling found this place.

“…!”

And when the team leader said something to Ryu Geon-woo he got up came to the door and called his group.

Only it wasn’t him.

“Chief Lee.”

“yes.”

The former chairman of the 9th grade Seoul City Council and the nephew of the current city council member of this district.

“Team leader call me.”

“ah…”

“Oh yeah. “Please come and sit here for a moment.”

“Ah yep!”

When the team leader gestured Chief Lee hurriedly walked out from behind him and entered the door.

‘…??’

Ryu Geon-woo who was smiling calmly turned his head to the ‘chief’ who could not react to the sudden situation.

Our eyes met.

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo seemed to be staring at himself for a moment but…

Sweet.

I closed the door.

‘…Fuck that.’

You’re acting mean and shit.

The ‘chief’ felt uncomfortable for no reason so he cursed a few times and headed to the bathroom.

This was the first abnormal phenomenon.

And the second abnormal phenomenon was witnessed two hours before leaving work.

On my way up to the rooftop to smoke.

I saw Ryu Geon-woo and Chief Lee next to the emergency stairs.

The two were talking with quite serious faces.

‘He says hello.’

Are they coming all the way out here during work hours to say they have something great to talk about?

This time he couldn’t hold back and after enjoying a cigarette he came down and openly asked Chief Lee about it.

“What makes this conversation so interesting Chief?”

Chief Lee flinched and blurted out his words.

“Ah… I just wanted to help you with a civil complaint.”

“Chief Iya Ryu is helping too right? “Isn’t it amazing?”

Of course the intention was not to praise but to ridicule. It’s like asking what help you can give.

However as always there was no passive response.

“yes. “Director Ryu is a kind and good person.”

“…”

uh?

‘This guy… is he showing signs of discomfort?’

The guy who usually smiles or obediently argues with me…

He almost got offended by the sarcasm for a moment but forced a bright smile.

“Well Director Ryu is a corpse except for his personality. “People are good.”

“yes…”

This time the reaction wasn’t so good but he decided to be satisfied that his opponent bowed anyway.

But by the time I got home from work.

The final surprise occurred.

“Chief Lee~ Shall we go and have a drink?”

This is a recommendation that he makes sure to make once a week to become a good boss who buys food and drinks well.

But Chief Lee shook his head.

“Um… I have an appointment today.”

“…!”

It’s a euphemism but rejection is rejection.

This was something that had never happened since the first dispatch.

“…okay?”

“yes. I’m really sorry but I’ll see you tomorrow. Thank you Chief.”

Then he leaves the office at a brisk pace.

In the meantime he glanced back at Ryu Geon-woo and even bowed his head!

“…”

He was dumbfounded but somehow felt cold.

‘That’s strange.’

He frantically left the office and got into the elevator.

However there were two female employees who had been in the office just a moment ago getting into the open elevator first.

Something I have learned.

“Wow I see.”

“Oh then it’s perfect…”

However the moment they made eye contact with him they flinched and looked back at each other. And he laughs as if he is embarrassed.

“…??”

Ding-.

At that moment the elevator arrived. The two quickly went out the door.

It’s as if he doesn’t even want to hear questions.

“Thank you for your hard work.”

“Let’s go in~”

In the end the ‘chief’ was left alone in the lobby.

Without knowing anything.

Feeling lost and left out.

“…”

what.

‘Why are they all like that?’

It was definitely a day no different from last week until the morning.

What kind of situation is this?!

* * *

An empty office because no one is working overtime.

“Then Mr. Geon-woo please come back in.”

“yes. thank you.”

I stayed in the office alone seeing the team leader off. I had something to take with me.

[Brother what on earth did you do?]

Well whatever.

‘You solved it like you did.’

[Where on earth are you going?!]

The pop-up screams. There seems to be a misunderstanding.

Well to explain this properly… let’s start with this.

I asked bluntly.

‘Why do you think this guy the chief followed us to external meetings?’

[uh…? You probably did it because it was work right?]

yes.

Is it because you like it? Absolutely not.

‘I did it because I was scared.’

[…!]

In my first social life I don’t want to be looked down on by my boss.

Everyone’s life is the same so how could it be good for a guy who seems to have joined the civil service because of work-life balance to be dragged around to entertain people at meetings?

There’s no way I wouldn’t be dissatisfied with hanging out with such an old guy.

‘He must have been annoyed that I said he would be nice to others.’

It’s like holding someone to dinner while offering to buy them food.

‘therefore.’

[…therefore?]

I just… created a stop loss angle.

‘All you have to do is make sure it doesn’t scare you.’

So we targeted the most powerful speakers first. Team leader.

-Ah team leader. That’s what Chief Lee did…!

During lunch time with the team leader I deliberately gave a good reason and praised ‘Chief Lee’.

And if you continue the conversation by gently asking about the team leader’s personal history and then bring in Chief Lee at the right time… the game is complete.

[What kind of game is this…]

A board that informs Chief Lee of his location.

All you have to do is borrow the words of the most authoritative person the ‘team leader.’

‘Gently lead the conversation in that direction… ’

It makes you realize how advantageous it is for you to work there if you are related to a local government official.

Then this thought comes to mind.

-uh? Then is it okay to stretch out to that foreman?

Originally I thought about working for at least one more year in advance.

Of course if we end here it will take some time to really put this idea into practice. So the last thing to encourage you is…

‘It’s giving a cause.’

[…justice?]

uh.

‘I’m just reminding you that that guy bothered you.’

-That’s Chief Ryu. thank you Thank you for your kind words…

-Oh no. It’s true! And… what is the extent of it when both parties are having a hard time?

-…

-Let’s do our best. It will be okay once this period passes.

Confidence that one is doing good things.

People secretly say that’s important. Now that the refreshing taste of justice has been added the harshness has disappeared.

I nodded.

Plus look at how people in the office react when something happens.

The fact that there are so many people who find this overturned situation amusing means that Ryu Geon-woo usually made a pretty good impression.

‘This is possible because you live a good life.’

[…]

Well I was praising your personality but wouldn’t it be nice to be a little more happy?

‘Anyway from now on even if I go to a meeting with this guy called ‘Director Lee’ he won’t be as cooperative as before.’

Because he knew how useful he was.

There’s already some antipathy towards it and if you don’t like it you’ll show that you don’t like it and then… it becomes creaky.

Until that ‘chief’ got mad.

‘But now we’ve come too far to say we’ll take Ryu Geon-woo away… ’

Soon I have no choice but to accept the reality that he too manages his personal connections at the district office.

[then…]

I shrugged.

“Well… I guess I’ll be looking for the next assignment.”

‘Then he goes away and you can continue to come home from work here.’

It’s a happy ending.

[Uh huh huh…]

Well thinking about it again it was a very mild solution.

I never thought I could handle it so meekly just praising others. Anyone can see that it’s similar to Keundal’s usual behavior.

[yes?]

Despite this no one suffered a loss and everyone was happy. indeed.

I briefly admired it.

‘Living like you seems like a pretty good way to live.’

[…yes. thank you…]

Not much to say.

I exited the internal network system feeling refreshed.

I think this is enough experience to live as a civil servant.

‘Are your dinner schedule preparations going well?’

Because now it is my turn to control Park Moon-dae again.

[Ah… Yes! I’m ready.]

‘good.’

From now on I am also leaving.

[…yes!]

As soon as I got to work I took out my luggage from my personal cabinet.

The heavy weight of the bag pressed down on my hand.

‘It’s been a really long time.’

I left the office with it on my back. And then we started moving towards our destination.

Right away… to Jamsil Indoor Gymnasium.

* * *

“Waaaaaa!!”

“Ugh!!”

Screams and lights abound. It’s not a club or a battlefield.

Although the competition for positions was that fierce.

‘after.’

I sat down.

Among the most prestigious awards ceremonies held in late January the CyChart Music Awards is the last awards ceremony.

And at this very awards ceremony Testa is scheduled to make a comeback.

‘My body has changed now what about the stage?’

Fortunately the awards ceremony continues until past midnight. Testa only performs right before the end so his body will change before that time.

Until then it is a bit of a question of whether Keundall can survive while naturally receiving an award from the singer’s box.

‘In the meantime Ryu Geon-woo also has work to do.’

This guy’s plans after work.

“…hmm.”

I opened my bag and took out what I had prepared. A black square object.

It’s the camera.

And… Baektong. After attaching the long cylindrical lens you are ready.

‘The specs are good.’

I wondered how much I paid for it but I decided not to ask.

Anyway… that’s right.

This was Ryu Geon-woo’s plan after work today.

Take a picture of Testa with a camera at the music chart awards ceremony.

-I remembered my brother uploading the videos he took before… so I bought it to give it a try! But honestly I wasn’t able to take pictures that well…

He himself said so.

Honestly it’s not a hobby I would recommend but it’s a good hobby to try once in the process of finding your own interests.

…taking pictures of people.

I focused and lifted the camera. Even though it’s been a while the composition came out naturally.

[Then let’s meet the singers of the year at the SciChart Music Awards!]

The MCs were introduced and the awards ceremony began. And while the opening VCR is playing cheers and light sticks erupt again from the audience.

Of course applause is coming from the singer’s stand as well.

‘It’s national rule to take pictures of this place at this time.’

I checked and pulled out my sights and found a table. Testa… right.

“I found it.”

Through the viewfinder I saw seven guys sitting side by side on chairs and smiling.

Especially Park Moon-dae.

‘Hmm… it’s in good condition.’

It was a good decision to hide the occasional shaking hands under a blanket. I nodded.

Click.

As I reflexively took a few pictures of the surrounding members I felt it stick to my hand. I think I got a good shot.

‘hmm.’

This is somehow fun.

I turned the camera again. There was some time before the stage started.

‘Let’s take some pictures of the other guys too.’

Let’s take a look. First of all the person sitting right next to Testa is…

“…”

Cheongryeo.
