---
title: "Chapter 450"
category: "book"
index: 449
section: "Chapter 450"
slug: "450"
---

# Chapter 450

Seeing Cheongryeo at award ceremonies is not new.

This is because regardless of whether it is VTIC or Testa they have never performed well enough to not be praised at an awards ceremony since their debut.

However it had been a very long time since I had seen it from this location.

So in a composition where I’m holding a camera and taking pictures of the guy in the audience.

‘…hmm.’

Cheongryeo was wearing a suit.

I still feel like the unit price is good. Since I’ve been in that position for decades it may be natural.

‘It’s not like I’m going to sell it anymore.’

I left a few pages out of habit.

It was then.

“…!”

Cheongryeo looked away. And then he slowly raised his hand.

“…”

A light hand greeting.

However the direction happened to be the audience seat near where I was.

It almost feels like our eyes are meeting through the viewfinder.

‘…no way.’

…Did you notice?

No. No matter how much that bastard does does it make sense using common sense in a situation where there are no hints?

‘Is there anything that can be seen with the GM functions that remain in that guy… ’

At that moment a pop-up appeared in front of my eyes.

[brother! Are you here?]

It’s a big month.

“…! okay.”

As I opened my mouth to answer I ignored the gaze I felt from the seat next to me and answered again in my mind.

‘Did the VTIC sitting next to you talk to you?’

[Uh… no? Because he didn’t talk to me or anything… Shall I talk to you?]

‘no.’

Just avoid it.

[phew.]

What did you ask when you were just breathing a sigh of relief?

I shook my head and answered.

‘There’s no need to worry about that. It’s okay as long as you just sit quietly.’

Unlike radio there are no comments so there is only one role. Sitting nicely.

[Right?]

then.

Oh right.

‘Make sure to concentrate when other singers perform on stage.’

This is because the moment you yawn or frown WiTube may be plastered with that.

‘Even if you can’t help but relax once or twice… ’

[…I will never relax!]

I’d like to say that’s not possible but it’s actually the best way. Let’s cheer for each other.

I lifted the camera away from my eyes and turned it back to the singer’s box.

Cheongryeo had already turned her gaze towards the road stage.

‘Was it a mistake?’

I clicked my tongue briefly and took a few more photos of the testana.

The same goes for Park Mun-dae which has big moons in it. The spirited guy looked quite… plausible.

That thing copied me.

‘…Is this what it feels like?’

I continued to press the shutter without saying a word.

It felt a bit strange to film Testa Park Mun-dae myself.

“Hey I’m sorry but please give me your hand.”

“yes.”

In the meantime I bumped into the arm of the person sitting next to me a few times. He is a person who takes pictures quite recklessly.

I turned my shoulder and glanced at the person who spoke to me.

Seeing that the angle of the photo is similar this person is also taking a photo of Testa…

“…!!”

…That’s right.

It’s a familiar face.

The problem was that the face was also known as Ryu Geon-woo.

‘…Ryu Seo-jin.’

The person sitting next to me was a senior who was in the same photography club in college. &lt;Azusa&gt; Writer Ryu Seo-rin’s younger brother.

So… this is the home mama who is making a big splash with me.

* * *

‘The lighting is trash.’

Ryu Seo-jin grumbled and set up the camera. There were many people around with cameras similar to mine.

This may be because this location is perfect for taking pictures.

‘Plus it’s easy to take pictures of this awards ceremony without having to capture the audience with cameras.’

People flocking to take pictures.

The same thing happened to the seat next to me. A well-boned man wearing a black mask was holding a camera.

However it was a bit strange that he was dressed in a black suit. Anyone can see that he is in a healthy and neat ‘working’ outfit.

‘Is he related?’

That doesn’t mean he doesn’t have a pass hanging around his neck but he could have carried it in his pocket.

You can guess more clearly by looking at your age but…

‘What do you think?’

Since she was busy taking photos of idol faces it was none of her business what the face of the man sitting next to her looked like.

Ryu Seo-jin fixed his gaze on the camera again.

‘Did these kids fight?’

I thought it would be difficult to get a decent two-shot between Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae because they seemed oddly distant.

And soon the stage began.

[This year’s Hot Performance Award spacer.]

Several groups of singers appear on stage.

Of the hundreds and thousands of teams that were active last year only about 20 teams came here and even within them the ranks and positions were divided.

‘The exchange quantity must match.’

She decided to exchange data with other singers in other positions and put a lot of effort into selecting a few teams.

However I did not have the loyalty or stamina to vote for teams I was not interested in. Because I’m an office worker who just got off work.

‘I guess I’ll leave it at this.’

Moreover because Testa also left the singer’s seat for a moment she massaged his shoulder and lowered the camera for a moment.

And then I saw it for a moment.

Click.

The flashy camera of the man in a suit sitting next to me.

‘…that.’

Now… take good pictures.

You can tell just by looking at the camera movement.

Stable support fluid movement and skillful operation.

Moreover when seen from the camera angle…

‘…You only shoot the ones that will sell the best right?’

It wasn’t just a photo of a popular member.

In the line of demand and supply of data demand has soared and we are only looking for and filming those at the perfect time when supply is low.

For example a member like Park Min-ha of Mirinae.

In a recent entertainment show in which he appeared as an individual he appealed to the light fan base rather than the general public and his fandom’s popularity rose instantly.

Or a member who is so good on stage that he is constantly in demand. Sun was only targeting idols like that.

‘what.’

This was an impossible action unless one had complete knowledge of the situation.

‘Is that an official or a data arm?’

He is a current first-tier idol and a former data arm.

Twin Homma who could not have guessed that fact just clicked his tongue and expressed regret.

‘I wish I had sat across from you.’

The angle was almost the same as the one I took so there was no need to buy that data.

‘Well if that was the method in the first place Cha Yu-jin would have been chosen among the testers.’

She thought about it absentmindedly and was about to check her data again when she suddenly realized something.

‘…?’

The man in the suit sitting next to me… had a strange habit of taking pictures.

It resembles yourself.

‘Hmm.’

I looked at it carefully again.

To be precise it wasn’t just him. At first glance I could see things like tips shared among club members.

‘Now that I think about it the physique seems a bit familiar… ’

In the end it was the moment when she tried to check Ryu Geon-woo’s face closely.

“Hey Youngrin!”

A voice shouted from the back seat.

At the name of such a famous singer she reflexively turned her head to the stage.

Yeongrin was really coming up on stage.

‘already?’

Whether you look at it in terms of years of experience or grades it should come out a little later. According to the leaked cue sheet was it after the test?

However upon closer inspection it was during the performance of his juniors that Younglin appeared.

It was a kind of surprise featuring stage.

‘oh.’

Younglin fit neatly into the performance formation.

Although she was very successful as a solo artist it was a stage where it was felt once again that Youngrin was originally a member of the group.

‘The juniors are being pushed out.’

If the intention was to push a junior it was a failure for the agency. It was time for Ryu Seo-jin to make a cool-headed assessment.

Younglin looked this way and made a gesture.

“Aaaah!”

“Youngrin!!”

The surroundings became noisy as if my ears were going to burst from the surround sound. Each person seemed to think they had made eye contact.

Usually in cases like this ‘Youngrin saw me!’ It’s Ryu’s illusion but…

‘hmm?’

Ryu Seo-jin frowned slightly.

It wasn’t that he thought he saw himself.

‘Youngrin… didn’t you see the data seller sitting next to me?’

* * *

[thank you!]

I took a few more shots of Testa receiving the award on stage.

I’m doing it out of habit but I also intend to check Geoldal’s attitude one more time.

‘It’s okay.’

Even though I gave it a good rating I didn’t bother to take the camera away from my face.

Actually there is another reason to keep doing this.

‘…Hide your face.’

Just in case Ryu Seo-jin recognizes me. Well since I’m wearing a mask and it’s been a few years I actually think there’s little chance.

‘I should be more careful until my body changes.’

I carefully decided to take pictures of all kinds of idols with my camera.

Naturally as was my habit during my data sales days the unit price rankings were automatically updated in my head and one of the highest ranked female idols appeared a little early.

‘Younglin.’

He is the protagonist of my first hit fancam that earned me tuition for a semester. Did Youngrin who was unknown rise to prominence through that?

‘It was a fancam filmed on a rainy day.’

Without thinking much I continued to stare through the viewfinder.

It was then.

Younglin pointed at my camera with his hand.

“…!”

I froze while holding the camera for a moment.

Unless I’m mistaken…

‘Do you really remember?’

That can’t be possible.

That was already about 10 years ago. There’s no way he still remembers it and even if he did how could he have recognized it right at this moment?

‘but… ’

Just before the final ending Youngrin looked away again when she was not caught by the broadcast camera.

-Remember me

Eye contact. And the shape of the hand.

It was a familiar hand gesture.

The signature gesture of the song captured in the rainwater fancam I filmed at the time.

This… couldn’t have been an illusion.

“…”

-Wow!!

The stage ended with cheers. Younglin’s gaze also disappeared along with the lighting.

But… it felt strange.

‘How do you remember?’

At the time I wasn’t even a fan. Afterwards there were a few times when I took photos of Younglin at events but they were never like that.

I thought it was a matter of location selection that made the fancams with amazing eye contact with the camera stand out so well.

perhaps…

‘…Did it leave an impression?’

The audience holding the camera that recorded the fancam that made him popular.

Before I would have thought it was nonsense but now I know.

That there is a possibility.

‘Because we’re doing the same thing.’

That feeling when looking at the audience from the stage looking at your fancam and watching people’s reactions.

And how would you feel if you saw the fancam that came back after a few years?

“…”

I lowered the camera.

And I looked at the time displayed at the top of the screen.

-PM 11\:21

‘ah.’

Now is the time.

I took slow breaths and counted down.

3

2

1

That moment.

I forgot.

“…after.”

I closed my eyes and opened them.

My vision has changed. Sound too.

-Wow!

Cheers ringing from a little further away rather than right next to you like before.

I was sitting in the singer’s seat next to the speaker.

and.

“It came just in time.”

There was a hand tapping my shoulder. This is Liu Chengwu.

When I looked up the other guys seemed to notice right away that they were also checking the time.

“…! “Mundae hyung”

“are you okay?”

of course.

I looked around and nodded in a way that didn’t feel awkward.

The members greeted each other as discreetly as possible such as grinning or offering water.

If it wasn’t for the singer’s seat there would have been more noise.

‘And you probably asked if this was the end of changing your body.’

Actually I’m curious too…

“…”

I didn’t see the pop-up and turned it off first.

First block elements that may affect the stage.

‘Same on that side.’

When I turned my head the VTIC seat where Cheongryeo was sitting earlier was right next to me.

But the place was already empty. That’s because he also got up to prepare for the stage.

‘okay.’

It worked out better. There is only one thing that is most urgent right now.

Because the time has come.

[Singer of the Year Award / Album – 2nd quarter]

[congratulations.]

[Testa / Savior]

A few minutes later.

I headed backstage to go up on stage.

The long-awaited comeback stage was right before our eyes.

* * *

“Hey just a moment.”

“Yes yes?”

“Oh that’s right. “Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…??”

“It’s been a while. “You’re still doing this.”

‘…brother!!’

…For your information I had no idea that Geundal was experiencing something like this in the audience.
