---
title: "Chapter 451"
category: "book"
index: 450
section: "Chapter 451"
slug: "451"
---

# Chapter 451

Big Moon was currently in an unexpected and extreme situation.

I thought I would be relieved if my body returned to its original state but an ambush appeared.

“It’s been a while.”

The person sitting next to me suddenly pretends to know me.

What kind of situation is this? It’s a situation that makes me want to send an SOS to anyone.

You can’t even run away from the audience in front of the stage with this camera.

“But it would be a bit difficult for a data seller to work two jobs after getting a job.”

“…”

“Well you know.”

‘I don’t know…!’

I don’t know the context of the conversation! I have no idea!

He was probably Ryu Geon-woo’s former acquaintance but I couldn’t be sure.

‘Are you the one selling data? Were you connected at that time?’

But I couldn’t call Moon-Dae Park. It was now Testa’s stage. We couldn’t disrupt the first comeback stage with something like this.

So I thought to myself.

‘If I were… Geonwoo hyung!’

What would you have done in this situation!

He used his brain power to the extent that he had never used his split-second judgment like this since the test that put his life on the line.

‘…Let’s keep our words as sparing as possible!’

And answered calmly.

“…I’m not trying to sell it for money. Now it’s just a hobby.”

“okay?”

Seems appropriate!

Fortunately the other person probably thought the same thing so no more personal questions were asked.

‘…passed it!’

Geoldal sighed in relief but Ryu Seo-jin who was sitting next to him actually thought to himself ‘The kid has become a little more mellow.’ I was thinking something like that.

She asked again thinking that she had enough money from her pocket balance.

“Oh are you taking a tester too?”

“…yes.”

“Who usually takes pictures?”

“It’s a door.”

I was able to answer this without any shame.

And he… saw the person next to him nod.

“You still have a good eye for unit prices.”

“…”

It was an unusual choice of vocabulary. Geoldal was almost certain.

‘He’s selling data!’

And Ryu Seo-jin also came to a conclusion.

‘They still sell data.’

It was an exquisite illusion.

It was then.

[…Let’s meet now!]

The MC’s comment ended.

At that moment the two reacted as if they had made a promise.

‘Ah it’s starting.’

The two Testa fans who misunderstood each other as data arms turned their gazes towards the stage side by side.

Jeonju finally flows on the stage where the white lights for the awards ceremony are turned off.

‘It’s Savior!’

Keoldal was excited and grabbed the camera. I thought I would look at it with the naked eye and take a few pictures.

– Sweet.

Blue and red lights came on on the stage. And before I knew it it hit Testa in formation in the center.

The costume is a colorful coat inspired by Dopo.

‘Ugh.’

I couldn’t believe I saw that right in front of me.

-There’s a crying sound over there.

The sound of my footsteps jumping in

The intro is now so familiar that I almost memorize it.

Park Moon-dae hits the huge stage with long strides and begins the song with a sharp thrust.

-Appeared first

head!

The thrill of hearing high notes in the field.

‘and… ’

Geoldal looked at the stage with a feeling that his heart would tremble.

This time ‘Savior’ was arranged to be closer to retro rock giving it a strangely modern feel.

The point where the band sound and the orchestra sound intersect originally made people excited.

‘I guess Mr. Ravine is really a genius… ’

Geoldal who had met Raebin Kim and had a conversation about the ice cream incident swallowed his saliva.

-That’s my savior!

Let go of the tension and enjoy

A night of victory!

Savior who ran wild and even showed off a new dance break ended with a spectacular remix worthy of an awards ceremony.

“Waaaaaaaa!!”

The cheers that felt like their ears were going to explode were overwhelming but I held back because I couldn’t shake the camera.

‘My brother didn’t bring a light stick…!’

But there was also a moment of disappointment.

The lights on the stage change and music flows again.

Light consideration.

“Sigh.”

…It’s a new song.

Big Moon opened his eyes wide.

-Clap clap-clap!

On stage a spotlight suddenly fell on blonde Cha Yu-jin who had left the formation and was sitting in a corner.

With his hair half covered with pomade he looked quite impressed and was applauding as he looked at the rest of the members who had just finished performing ‘Savior’.

Then the members sighed and relaxed their formation.

“…?”

Among the members who were stretching or lightly stretching Bae Se-jin began walking around holding a clipboard and giving instructions.

Various reactions were caught on camera from Sun Ah-hyun nodding her head in a listening position to Kim Rae-bin frowning as if she was annoyed.

‘performance?’

It was a musical or theatrical composition.

And a cheerful whistle sound.

-Phrrreeeeee!

moment.

All members on stage stopped moving and looked back at the audience.

And strong capital letters similar to those seen in American comics appear on the electronic display board.

[PRACTICE IS OVER!!]

There was a sound effect that sounded like a school bell. In between exciting riff melodies and drum beats came in.

Testa rushed to the front of the stage throwing down his coat with a relieved expression.

As if going out to play.

‘Hmph.’

And what you see inside after taking off the coat is…

American teen-style outfits from the 80s.

The composition and accessories from knits to jeans were slightly different as if each person had a role to play.

And before we knew it Cha Yu-jin who had even picked up a star-patterned jumper joined in with a fidget and formed a formal formation at the center.

“…Whew.”

Lastly the subtitles that appear at the bottom of the electronic display board.

[Testa – POSE]

Midi sounds mixed with mechanical sounds bounce at various pitches between tempos like water droplets.

And Testa also changes formation as if he is bouncing his steps.

-Make a pose

whatever you want

Find your individuality

After Cha Yu-jin’s stylish low notes a similar verse melody is followed by Park Moon-dae’s scratchy high notes.

-(Make a pose!)

Sometimes even bold things

It might be okay

The tempo rises.

A mirror ball spinning on stage.

Light fast complex steps that fit into the colorful lights.

And unlike that there are even upper body movements that are easy to see that you can ‘imitate’ using your fingers and entire arm.

-Exploding like dancing fireworks

Melting hot summer night

As if this night would run through and end

Testa absolutely sparkled on stage as a symbol of color light and young Chigi.

The song ran cheerfully along the disco’s dazzling staff as if it would soar endlessly upwards.

And as soon as the pre-chorus passed the melody changed to a catchy minor tone and the bass dropped.

-Drrrrrrrr-!

Engine sound.

And the chorus which is close to hip-hop combines retro sounds with an exquisitely modern composition.

In the chorus Kim Rae-bin steps forward as if kicking up her feet and raps with a lively tone.

Black fashion such as emo or goth set the tone even more.

-slowly slowly

get closer

Grab this moment so I can’t move

Off-beat electronic sounds flew over the heavy rock bass as if dancing.

Cha Yu-jin who took off her jacket changed the formation by doing a Latin dance-like step.

-In the pose!

Don’t worry about too much

Just think about now come in now

The part with the catchiest melody was the chorus no matter who heard it.

-In the pose!

Don’t cherish today too much

Right now is important

(yes) Right now!

And then again the section where the riff melody races without any song.

Lee Se-jin who flipped her hair came out with a grin. And then he seemed to be giving a high five to Ryu Cheng-wu and then did a solo dance in the center. that…

‘oh.’

It was truly the movement from their debut song ‘High Five’!

That’s right. Testa set aside an interlude section in the performance where they could take turns adding ad-libs.

And the members followed Lee Se-jin’s movements happily but skillfully as if laughing and naturally continued to the next movement.

-Yes I’ll remember

Now is your moment

Slower faster more freely

Park Mun-dae wearing bright jeans and a short denim jacket comes to the center and sings the last verse with a choreography of sliding on his knees.

-So hold on- and pose!

pop!

Fireworks explode.

LED lights shine like fireworks on the electronic display board.

The choreography until the end was cheerful and clean. And the power overflowed.

Naturally as if it were a conditioned reflex a tearful roar erupted from the audience.

“Waaaaaa!!!”

“Ahh!”

It was a party-like song.

It has all the elements that people would expect from a popular male idol.

The flying pollen seemed to predict the future.

‘…Really good!’

Geoldal was once again moved. So I realized it a beat late.

The person sitting next to me was frantically shooting with his camera and I was absentmindedly holding the camera in my hand.

‘Ah that’s right a photo!’

I have to take a picture right now!

That was when he hurriedly lifted the camera up to his eyes.

[Big moon.]

Huh?

Big Moon reflexively raised his head.

The pop-up was shining calmly.

[There is something I want to show you.]

It was Moon Dae.

…I’m on that stage right now!

* * *

‘That’s it.’

The comeback seems to have been successful.

I am sitting on the stage with my knees in the ending pose. The same goes for other guys.

“Whoop.”

I was out of breath but no one here would be out of breath.

No matter how time-sensitive the awards ceremony was there were still a few seconds left for the ending shot of the group that was the headliner of the day.

And a few seconds after the stage lights went out right after that ending shot.

It was perfect timing somewhere in between when I sent Keoldal a pop-up.

[Um is there something you want to show me?]

okay.

I took a deep breath and chanted.

‘I’d like to share my view.’

The pop-up shook as if puzzled but soon seemed to connect with its senses as I said.

and.

[…and!]

I felt like I had finally seen my vision.

‘This… ’

Should I call it majestic or overwhelming?

Nearly 20000 lights including standing lights were fluttering all over the place.

It is a scenery that is almost awe-inspiring to nature.

The view from the stage with the lights off was brighter. It would be similar to the feeling of being among the stars falling from the vast ocean in the middle of the night.

‘I never thought I would hear an analogy like this.’

I laughed and Big Moon seemed a little excited.

[It’s really cool! and! But it’s a bit scary to think that they’re all people… Anyway thank you! This is my first time doing something like this!]

okay.

And I said what I had to say.

‘thanks.’

[…!]

[Why why? Uh… Because I acted well today?]

Rather than that…

‘Because it’s a view I saw thanks to you.’

[…??]

I stood up when a hand lightly tapped my shoulder and looked at the stage again.

And I reviewed the facts that I had newly realized.

‘Why does Youngrin remember me?’

There may be many reasons. This may have been due to his professional nature or because he was unknown at the time and there were not many cameras around.

‘but… ’

If I had to be honest I think the fancam probably had a lot of meaning.

‘A chance to succeed as an idol.’

Impressions and feelings about the person who pushed for that opportunity.

In that sense this guy is actually the most direct sponsor who gave me the opportunity to see this scene as an idol.

From a time when I never imagined I would become like this.

I spoke slowly.

‘You said there was nothing I couldn’t achieve… but that’s not true.’

Because I was going to die.

It was a scene I wouldn’t have seen if that guy hadn’t wanted me to survive and if he hadn’t persistently remained as a status window to help me pass the idol mission.

‘So I wanted to show you this.’

[…]

‘It’s the scenery you gave me.’

I can’t have this guy perform on stage but I thought it would be okay to watch this together.

[…]

The pop-up displayed no text for several seconds.

But I somehow got the feeling that he must have been nodding slightly in the audience.

“Mundae I have to go down.”

“yes.”

I turned my head left the audience behind and started to walk off the stage.

The Big Moon pop-up only reappeared after that.

[I’m very happy.]

I chuckled.

I felt like everything was going to go right.

That must have been why. As soon as I got off the stage I checked this before even monitoring.

‘…Mission failure pop-up.’

And the result…

‘Park Moon-dae (1 / 2)’ ‘Ryu Geon-woo (2 / 2)’

[Target target ‘Park Moon-dae (1 / 2)’ lost]

[Target target ‘Ryu Geon-woo (2 / 2)’ lost]

[clear]

Success.

[Mission failure scenario completed]

Victory\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)

Reward\: Fragment of ■■■ 2 (2/4)

I clenched my hands.

‘good.’

However a new pop-up appeared above the pop-up.

As if he was waiting for me to confirm.

[Fragment of ■■■ 2/4]

[Conditions met!]

[■■■ Forming]

“…!”

…forming?

I immediately thought of a very ominous prediction.

Everywhere you looked at ■■■ it seemed like what I would call a system… then.

‘It’s impossible for a system like this to be created again… ’

So it ends up being such a bullshit result that I sincerely helped this bastard get back to running wild?

‘Fuck you.’

no way.

I stopped.

“Park Moon-dae?”

“Hyung are you sick??”

for a moment.

I took a deep breath and stared at the pop-up. I had to properly check what was going on.

But it ended with a completely unexpected turn of phrase.

[■■■(ver. Beta) attribution complete!]

[Owner\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

“…”

‘possession?’

The system… is mine?

* * *

Same time.

A stock discussion room on the Internet.

————————==

[Last chance to escape]

T1 Enter

A major negative event will occur in February. Sell everything now.

————————==

-Isn’t Testa’s comeback going to be a big hit?

-Growing power

-Go out and search haha.

After receiving a few recommendations the article received more dislikes and was swept away without much controversy.

However no one expected that after some time the captured copy would be traveling around the site as a pilgrimage.

…It was a sign of a typhoon.
