---
title: "Chapter 452"
category: "book"
index: 451
section: "Chapter 452"
slug: "452"
---

# Chapter 452

“That doorway…! “We’re getting off now.”

“ah.”

I got out of the van and followed Sun Ah-hyun.

It’s been a few days since a pop-up with something absurd about the system started popping up.

Still no problems.

Testa is handling his busy comeback schedule well to the point where he sleeps with his head buried while eating and the response is good.

“Is Mundaemundae okay?”

“Oh no problem.”

Oh the mission failure was also shared with these guys on the same day. Suddenly one member changed his body while performing on stage and there was no need for him to faint so we started working with much more ease.

And… a pop-up message said that two system fragments had been collected in the process.

this.

[■■■(ver. Beta) attribution complete!]

[Owner\: Player Park Moon-dae (Ryu Geon-woo)]

This incomprehensible bullshit has also been cleared up.

‘Status window.’

In my status window like this.

[Item\: ■■■(ver. Beta)]

That’s right. A notation has now been added to the bottom as an item.

And in fact this wasn’t even there originally but Keudal just added an item by manipulating the status window.

I recalled the conversation I had with that guy at the time.

-Ugh?!

The guy who was freaked out by the news of ‘possible system comeback’ soon regained his composure when I explained in summary ‘But there is no reaction it looks like he is dead.’

And the search results in the status window.

-Uh… what kind of item does it look like?

-…??

Surprisingly this fragment was truly ‘belonged’ to me.

The system is not attached to me it is what I have. It means it is my property.

-Is the system correct?

-Hmm… it feels that way but I don’t think it feels that powerful and ominous! Oh I’ll mark it so you can see it!

And it was added as an item to the status window.

This thought naturally occurred to me.

‘…If it’s an item can I use it?’

I tried clicking on this idea once…

[Use ‘Item\: ■■■(ver. Beta)’]

[Target \: _______ ]

I turned it off the moment this pop-up appeared. Big Moon also screamed.

‘Are you crazy?’

When you see the target designation pop up doesn’t it seem like it’s a system that can’t be removed or added?

Who are you using it for? From now on this will be a permanent seal.

‘Let’s leave it there.’

I removed the item pop-up and started monitoring again among the guys checking the schedule.

“Manager didn’t our group appear on Tnet’s new entertainment show today?”

“Oh they said it was postponed due to a broadcasting issue so it turned into a corporate event.”

“All right!”

‘Anyway T1 pushed the new entertainment show so hard that I had no choice but to watch the deal.’

I was planning to check feedback and stage reactions about other entertainment appearances.

And then I saw this popular post.

[Picture taken from the current uproar between charts]

“…”

I reflexively clicked on the article.

And saw. Photos I took at the awards ceremony a few days ago.

————————==

An anonymous account suddenly appeared and posted a bunch of photos without saying anything.

But I took a really good picture… (photo)

There’s a lot of confusion as to whether it’s a major or an experienced worker but anyway it’s a K-pop miscellaneous timeline festival atmosphere.

(link) (link) (link)

————————==

‘Why did this become a hot topic?’

…I finished talking about the item a few days ago and tried to get Geoldal’s permission.

-Is it okay if I share the photos you took with your fans? If you don’t like it of course I won’t do it!

It seemed like there was nothing to stop it.

To be honest looking at it objectively I didn’t think it came out as good as before since it had been a long time since I filmed it.

‘I’m not the only one holding a camera at Cychart.’

Besides isn’t that the camera he bought anyway? It didn’t matter if I did whatever I wanted.

-I think it would be okay if it were anonymous.

-yes!!

That was yesterday.

And now… it came back with this result.

-This crazy person has returned.

-Is this person the Youngrin fancam?

-Awesome hahaha

-Did you get a job?

-Crazy Park Moon-dae cut the bread room ㅠㅠ Thank you so much.

“…”

First of all… this is the way Geoldal posted it.

Usually even if the data is not sold it is exchanged with other singers or uploaded separately to the singer’s fan community.

It is rare for a person to post all the photos of a singer they have taken on one account.

And that too without even saying a word or introduction just tagging us.

Of course Geoldal must have thought this way.

-Okay I’ll dig up the anonymous accounts and upload them all at once!

…So this efficient common-sense behavior unintentionally turned off aggro in the idol version.

In the end after comparing Keudal’s cut of Youngrin with Saichart’s Youngrin’s fancam this was what came out.

-Wow this person must be the person who filmed that fancam. Younglin Legend’s fancam!

-Awesome… Did Youngrin recognize me?ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

And funny stories and interesting articles about Youngrin who remembers ‘that fancam from the beginning of his debut’ were dominating popular posts on the Internet.

As a result the account received more attention… and suddenly it became a hot topic.

-It looks like this person was caught as a tester. What’s going on with the amount of photos? Hahaha.

└Okay I think you took pictures of all the members wow.

“…”

Do you see that?

I looked at my photos again. No matter how you look at it you won’t notice much of a difference.

‘Did I take too many pictures?’

It seemed like the reason was that I took a lot of testers while checking the status of the big moon.

Of course Testa wasn’t the only thing that came out.

-Cheongryeo was also well filmed but it’s too bad why there wasn’t a cut of Cheongryeo’s stage ㅠㅠㅠ

-Of course I have it. There’s no way I didn’t take the picture. I hope it’s being edited. Testa stage cut Cheongnyeo stage cut.

does not exist. Because I was backstage when he performed.

‘…I did a good job.’

I was reminded of Cheongryeo’s performance where they openly used a VTIC song as an intro before their solo performance.

VTIC You cut the song exquisitely and performed it to the fullest on your own.

In effect it is a declaration.

‘It means I will make a solo comeback in a full weight class.’

It looks like this year will be tough again.

Still Testa has started this comeback well so there is no need to lose momentum.

‘Let’s go like this.’

Anyway after comprehensively checking the reactions to the photo we passed it on to the person concerned.

Big Moon was scared.

[Hey I’ll delete my account right now…!]

…That much?

‘No it’s okay.’

That stands out more. Let’s just move on to the happenings.

‘It’s okay as long as you don’t raise it more.’

[yes…]

People’s interests change quickly. This too will only be a moment.

I looked at the reactions one more time.

I was surprised by the fact that I was still a data arm and that there was no criticism coming out openly.

I think it was because I had previously opened a separate account on WeTube to upload unsold fancams so interest was drawn to that.

-Minha thank you… Ribbon Minha is the best in the world

-Heeseung you make art ㄱㅅㄱㅅ

Anyway it was a strange feeling.

Originally everyone who made money sold it.

The reason my photos are always revealed is because they have been selected and retouched by Sagan Homma.

This is my first time seeing such a direct response.

‘…I don’t feel bad.’

I looked at Keudal’s account with the ID ‘gun4321’ and tried to end my search only after confirming that there were no other unusual occurrences.

It was then.

“It’s radish. Could that be me…?”

“…!”

When I turn my head I see Sun Ah-hyun looking somewhat expectant. What is it?

“Did you take pictures of that gate?”

How did you know?

“When my body changed.”

“I see…! “Oh I saw the door handle being corrected.”

“…”

Come to think of it I did it on my laptop in the living room. It was an environment where anyone could see.

And Sun Ah-hyun’s words also attracted aggro in the waiting room.

“Wow awesome~ Was this filmed by Mundaemun University? Did you post it on the internet?”

“I look great! This is me and Chungwoo!”

“…Park Moon-dae you are really good at taking pictures.”

Members join in here and there and hand over their smartphones saying they want to see it too.

‘No you don’t have a phone.’

Anyone who sees it will think that my smartphone is shared by the group.

Raebin Kim’s eyes lit up.

“You’re uploading separate work for hobby purposes… It’s the same situation as the ‘Byulbyulgok’ account where we previously uploaded our arrangement work!”

okay. The difference is that it will never be discovered that this is me. Because it’s physically impossible for me to film myself.

‘…? Come to think of it I wasn’t the one who posted it.’

But without even saying that the guys who were playing around with the pictures started talking again.

“Should we film another travel reality show when this activity ends? It would be fun to take pictures of Mundae there. “We even change hobbies with each other.”

“Oh great! “It would be nice to go out and have fun together and I think the concept of working part-time at a place like a theme park would be fun~”

“Great! “I want to try that!”

You made a comeback with the concept of a high school student but did you really end up making a fuss like you were a high school student?

Anyway it’s good that the atmosphere is not full of fatigue despite this forced march without a break.

“What do you think Brother Moon Dae?”

“…a part-time job at a theme park is okay.”

“Oh as expected the literary school is a professional~”

I chuckled shook my head and took the smartphone back.

‘Well maybe I’ll take pictures sometime in the future.’

Well it was a good event to refresh.

And the schedule for that day was completed without any problems.

It was the first time in a while that we were able to sleep for more than 6 hours so everyone left work in good spirits.

“You can leave tomorrow at 7\:30.”

“Oh good.”

I agree.

I quickly washed up changed clothes and went to sleep.

And how much time has passed?

“…Mundae!”

hmm.

“Park Moon-dae…!”

The alarm didn’t go off.

“Wake up for a moment! This article…!!”

article.

At that moment my blood cooled and I fell asleep.

I opened my eyes right away.

In front of me Bae Se-jin with a white face was holding a smartphone in the dark.

Why is this guy in this room… no not this.

“What article?”

“this.”

Bae Se-jin immediately held out his smartphone. I reflexively noticed the current time.

‘…6 o’clock in the morning.’

Still 20 minutes before my alarm goes off.

And it is also the perfect time to get on the main page after the events of last night have been resolved.

‘what.’

I immediately read the article title.

[(Breaking News) Prosecutors apply for arrest warrant for T1 Ent representative]

“…!”

“It’s not our driver but… I don’t think this company is an ordinary company.”

Bae Se-jin who had been struggling with her agency seemed to have a strange feeling as soon as she saw the article.

“I guess… you’re the best at handling things like this.”

“…”

“…Sorry for waking you up.”

“no.”

I woke up well.

I immediately got my smartphone and read the article.

‘Please it has to be embezzlement.’

The best scenario is that the CEO is the only one who gives a shit for money and has nothing to do with us.

But unfortunately… it wasn’t.

-Representative Lee (58) who was arrested for violating the Political Fund Act…

“…”

politics?

okay. It may be natural since Bae Se-jin saw the content and acted immediately.

‘Fuck you.’

I read more closely. The representative of T1 Ent appears to have given money to some party in exchange for a promise to nominate a member of the National Assembly.

And not only the representative but several others were arrested on similar charges…

“…”

“What do you… think?”

for a moment.

“wait a minute.”

I filtered out some keywords from the article and re-set the date.

‘Last 3 months.’

And the standard… not T1 Ent but ‘T1’ as a whole.

I immediately started browsing through the articles sorting them by popularity.

[T1 Food Ministry of Food and Drug Safety’s ‘correction order’ for violation of the Imported Food Safety Act]

[Tnet &lt;Voice of You&gt; Korea Communications Standards Commission warning]

[T1 Learning Courier and 3 other companies were fined 5 billion won for collusion in port distribution]

…

Articles about all kinds of indictments and fines poured in every few days. Even if several are listed they are attached to the title with particular emphasis on ‘T1’.

Even for a large company this is a strange level of terminology.

“…”

I quickly flipped through the screen. Bae Se-jin gritted his teeth.

“Is there a problem with T1 itself?”

“…You could say that too.”

Let’s be honest.

It hasn’t been a day or two since Tnet has made a mess while growing its business and like a large company it has covered everything with capital and personal connections and has done well.

But in the past few months the number of articles has suddenly exploded?

“T1 was like this originally and doesn’t it seem like the ‘catcher’ has suddenly become stricter?”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

“then…”

“yes.”

I muttered darkly.

“Did you know that there is a presidential election this year?”

“…”

This… is tied to the political world.

Fuck you.

‘T1 was taken.’

I don’t know what it was stamped with but it looks like an X anyway.

And among them the one that was chosen as an example was… the entertainment industry.

‘The more recent it is the more stories there are about the entertainment business.’

After slowly going through the two months’ records I found the items that stood out most often.

[Tnet &lt;B My Girls&gt; unfair contract lawsuit]

[T1’s tenderness… Tears from &lt;B My Girls&gt; cast members]

[T-Ones Studio’s &lt;A Sweet Ending&gt; review was difficult\: “The expression was vulgar”]

‘Tnet.’

So T1 Ent.

From broadcasting stations to production studios.

I felt like I was going in this direction because it was probably the most important part of the business and had the best impact.

So how will the company respond here?

If you’re in a situation where you need to give up some weight right away…

‘…I need to cut off my tail.’

Why not somehow cut off one of the most problematic parts and decide on a route whether you lie flat on your face or show off your strength?

But giving up broadcasting companies in the entertainment business is crazy. Somehow the broadcaster would take it and choose the tail to cut instead…

What would you throw away?

‘It’s obvious.’

I have confidence that I can replace as many people as I want as long as I own a broadcasting station.

Fortunately the contract renewal season is coming soon for those who are famous for their faces.

That’s right… an affiliated entertainment agency.

“…wake up all the kids.”

These are various agencies that T1 Entertainment has as subsidiaries.

And a few days later.

The board of directors of T1 Stars the agency Testa belongs to was arrested.
