---
title: "Chapter 453"
category: "book"
index: 452
section: "Chapter 453"
slug: "453"
---

# Chapter 453

Everything happened too suddenly for anyone who didn’t notice.

I couldn’t help it.

-T-One is like that haha.

Even though corrective action was taken against T1 and Tnet received a warning from the Korea Communications Commission everyone just clicked their tongues and passed by because it was not a company with a clean image to begin with.

It was a time when aggro that was necessarily related to Testa did not work well and the sentiment of ‘T1 did T1 again’ was more common.

[Three T1 Stars board members arrested on suspicion of stock price manipulation…”T1’s true face”]

One day this article suddenly appeared in the news headlines.

The board of directors of Testa’s agency was caught in the crosshairs.

-????

-T1 you crazy bastards.

-Is it related to Testa?

-Ah damn it again.

At first fans thought it was just ordinary bad news.

It’s just a matter of having to deal with the criticism of the agency and the aggro that is attracted to the singers under that agency.

‘They will soon change the board of directors and pretend not to know and move on.’

But… the articles kept popping up.

[&lt;Stock Manipulation Controversy&gt; Why did T1 create a large entertainment company?]

[T1’s suspicions… Prosecutors “caught circumstances of collusion with headquarters”]

The agency was silent.

T1 also does not properly publish corresponding articles.

At this point even non-Korean fans noticed.

…an ominous feeling.

-They turned off the fax machine and won’t answer the phone.

-How does this work?

-What exactly is going on with T-One right now?

A situation as calm and unstable as the eye of a typhoon.

Testa’s ambitious comeback schedule ended temporarily after barely completing two weeks of music broadcasts.

All previously scheduled or released schedules have been completed but there are almost no additional schedules.

There must have been some schedules that weren’t revealed to the public but they were all canceled.

By this point most die-hard fans had figured it out.

‘This is such an emergency that the company cannot afford to take care of its flagship product Testa.’

-By some reason neither Gonggye nor Dub App are coming.

-Oh I’m so mad. This time the concept is good and the song isn’t useless so the music charts are doing great but I can’t promote it.

-All board members are dead.

-Anyway Testa is not a direct descendant but belongs to the label so it’s not relevant right? I think it’s okay to just draw a line and go but it’s not the kids’ problem.

There were various stories but the longer the silence lasted the more likely it was that the situation would become more serious.

And one day.

This article appeared out of nowhere.

[Tnet &lt;B My Girls&gt; Is the testimony of an official suspected of fairness true? Prosecutor\: “I have nothing to say yet.”]

It was an article containing strange nuances about Tnet’s latest box office survival.

-omg

-Is this crazy Bima girl main character?

-All cast members were recruited in advance and auditions for the general public were to match the assortment…

-All PD and writers’ social media accounts have been made private.

People turned their attention to this fresh new controversy.

Tnet took the brunt of the growing suspicions and articles without hesitation.

They canceled several new programs they were planning to launch and quietly scaled back their aggressively expanding ‘global K-pop’ business.

Meanwhile the story about Testa’s agency had become a thing of the past and fans were about to feel a little relieved.

Faced with bomb-like pressure and problems with the broadcasting station that were on the verge of exploding T1 Ent eventually made a decision.

[T1 Ent subsidiaries pursue independence agencies begin to stand on their own]

Another announcement was made without any warning.

The independence of entertainment agencies that are subsidiaries of T1 Ent!

T-One Stars to which Testa Mirinae Spacer and others belong was no exception.

-Crazy T1 Stars independence?

-Since T1 is so damn bad I guess we all just got together and decided to become independent.

-Wow are you asking the subsidiary to look at the stop loss first? It has reached the level of T1 haha.

The nuance of the article was strangely focused on ‘active promotion of subsidiaries’ and since T1 Ent had been having a bad day recently the public understood it that way.

Subsidiary’s escape from T1! Exodus!

Of course those who thought a little deeper also exchanged sharp impressions such as ‘Is T1 only pretending to cut corners to save its subsidiaries?’…but that was it.

What is important is that most people who heard this news thought that the subsidiary would be happy about it.

-Testa is a label anyway and it’s okay because they’re a first-team group. Since they produce their own the quality doesn’t drop haha.

-Rather good.

-It’s better. The board of directors has been completely divided right? ㅠㅠ I think the members will also be able to work more comfortably.

The overall fandom atmosphere also showed a strong tendency to view things positively. Especially Testa.

Hasn’t it already appeared as expected?

If it had been a poorly established group it would have been uneasy but Testa no longer needed the halo of T1.

No I was just sick of T-One trying to sell me everything.

Rather than becoming more involved and listening to the bullshit that &lt;Azusa&gt; is manipulating and all that I didn’t think now might be the time to break up.

Yes we have nothing to regret!

-Orbit Label Independent Gaza~

It’s something that can’t be undone anyway. It was something I couldn’t get involved with. If so let’s at least crack down on the atmosphere.

Fans quickly silenced doubtful opinions and deliberately pushed public opinion in a positive direction.

Dreaming of hopeful Testa activities!

* * *

‘X done.’

I gritted my teeth.

Next to me Keun Se-jin was flipping through an article with an unsmiling expression.

“You left it here?”

“I threw it away.”

T1 discontinued its entertainment subsidiary.

A sign sent to the political world saying ‘I have caused this much damage to you so please look at it.’

It is a signal of surrender and negotiation.

And what that means is… this subsidiary is now in trouble.

‘I lost my grip once but there’s no way I can push it back.’

This may be because they don’t want to see things get better after they cut their losses. Now this company’s benefit from the T1 platform is over.

Liu Chengyu frowned and rubbed his chin as if he was embarrassed.

“We’re starting contract renewal negotiations next week.”

“We had a positive conversation a few months ago…”

“no.”

“no!”

Two people with the same name who usually didn’t get along spoke at the same time and looked at each other.

For the record I completely agree.

‘It has to jump out.’

I knew what would happen if I got on this sinking ship.

It’s already been labeled as the T1 line so it’s difficult to get on to other lines so what about an agency that lost money to T1?

‘It’s the end.’

No matter how good our name is it won’t last long if we don’t carry out our activities properly.

“You should never renew your contract with this place.”

“…!”

If someone said they would renew my contract I had the will to persuade them without sleep for three days and nights. No there was enough time for that.

‘Anyway the schedule is all messed up right now.’

From the label staff to the manager everyone has trouble communicating with the company. Fuck it.

I held the smartphone in my hand so tightly that I felt like I was going to shatter it. One or two of the soft-hearted guys hesitated in embarrassment and then nodded.

“Uh huh…”

“But… then shouldn’t we all sign with another agency? So should I start looking for a suitable agency now?”

right. That’s the problem.

Not only is time running out but it is also questionable whether there will be an agency that can coordinate Testa’s activities as they have been doing before.

‘I have to find a place that won’t turn me into a cash cow while touring in circles.’

I picked the best people and managed to create a label but there is a lot to say about the fact that I left this entire workforce behind and started a business…

The biggest problem is this.

“And… there’s a high possibility that we won’t be able to use the group name Testa.”

“…!”

“Ah ah… I see.”

Testa is a group name created from &lt;Idol Co. Ltd.&gt; and this agency holds the related trademark rights tightly.

‘Even the people at the company know that this is their bread line.’

We will never let you go easily whether conventionally financially or emotionally.

“…”

Naturally the atmosphere darkened slightly in the silence.

It’s impossible not to feel attached to the group name that was written over the course of five years.

But even then Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“Even if you change the name Testa is still Testa. I like it. We can come up with a cool new name! A fresh new start!”

“Ohh.”

Several members nod their heads at the energetic words. Raebin Kim also agreed.

“I think that’s a definite advantage. There are times when Cha Yu-jin is right and I think that time is now!”

“I’m always right! Raebin Kim mistakenly thinks I am wrong. So Raebin Kim is wrong.”

“…??…! I will withdraw! Cha Yu-jin is right this time!”

“haha!”

Thanks to the two consistent guys the atmosphere lightened up a bit.

As befits a group of guys who have been through all sorts of things even before their debut they have started to manage their mentality amazingly this time as well.

I chuckled. Big Sejin clapped.

“That’s right~ Our Eugene can come up with a cool English abbreviation!”

“Yeap~ I have a lot of ideas!”

“Oh~”

Big Sejin smiled and responded.

But actually I saw that kid smiling wryly when talking about the group name earlier.

That too is unavoidable.

‘okay. If possible… ’

If possible I want to go with this group name.

This was already a symbol. Brand value is not something that can be easily rebuilt and it is not uncommon for the feeling to change the moment the name is changed.

‘It’s a pretty big risk in the image business.’

…I guess I’ll have to work harder with my head.

I massaged my hands counting the number of cases.

“First let’s avoid suspicion about the company.”

And each person began to be assigned tasks to do.

First of all Ryu Cheong-woo spoke at an appropriate level as the group representative at the contract renewal meeting that the company had barely scheduled.

“Um is it okay if we talk a little more and then rewrite the contract? “It’s so noisy right now.”

I bought some time by deliberately expressing my thoughts vaguely.

So that they would misunderstand that we were scared because their headquarters was going to be in trouble.

-I will renew my contract but give me some time.

Let’s go with this tone.

It worked well because Ryu Cheong-woo had a very trustworthy image.

Bae Se-jin did a good job of squeezing out the free time he had earned and hiring a lawyer for any unexpected situation.

Now I need to check in earnest for other companies that might contact me.

This is it.

‘…The original picture is for the other person to come directly.’

When a hot FA property came on the market did you see him personally conducting business?

The moment we bow down and enter it is a shortcut to worsening contract conditions.

Moreover if you go around trying to find a company and get caught by your current agency you could end up in trouble.

However… Even though it is Testa’s contract renewal season there are very few people who come to visit.

‘I have no contact with other companies.’

The problem is that there is some rumor in the industry that Testa will renew his contract.

In fact since the label has been treated almost as a confirmed fact since its creation there are very few companies that want to contact Testa.

‘Even if I do I’m still floating around.’

There are only people who think that once you get caught you’ll hit the jackpot.

But no matter how urgent it is you can’t go to the Dream K-level agency where Bae Se-jin was previously.

I remember Bae Se-jin deleting the KakaoTalk messages he was contacting as if he was about to burst into flames.

In the end the guys in the living room were going to end up saying something like this.

“Ah should we just start a company?”

“I think that would be better too…”

Sun Ah-hyeon sighed. It was a rare sight.

“I wonder if it would be possible to become independent with the people in the label… I would like to just change the name.”

“It seems impossible…”

“okay…”

Ryu Cheong-woo fell silent at Kim Rae-bin’s words. This too was a rare sight.

‘Everyone is exhausted.’

I also held back a sigh and picked up my smartphone.

Yes there is nothing much to do if there is no proper contact. Now that things have come to this get ready to nudge a good place and find out the reaction…

‘hmm.’

But there was a text message on my smartphone.

It wasn’t an advertisement a greeting card or a stalker.

It was… a congratulatory text.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Congratulations on your independence^^

It’s absurd.

‘You bastard… since when did you know?’

But the moment I read the next text I stopped thinking for a moment.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I think I need a new house.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: How do you feel?

“…”

…a new home?

‘No way… is it Leti?’

It was my first scouting offer.
