---
title: "Chapter 454"
category: "book"
index: 453
section: "Chapter 454"
slug: "454"
---

# Chapter 454

Let’s think about what would happen if Testa went to LeTi.

First of all the advantages.

‘I’ve already done it.’

The point is that I already know everything about what kind of person the company’s president is and how the planning team operates.

I even did a debut survival there.

Even though it was a few years ago and it was like a virtual simulation created by the system.

‘You will adapt quickly.’

And since LeTi is a large company that has even gone public it is unlikely that there will be a problem with taking care of Testa’s name value.

furthermore…

‘There are no rookie male idols.’

At least while VTIC is in the military there is a high probability that Testa will receive a decent investment.

‘It buys me a few years of time.’

With T1 Stars sinking this seemed like a very good option.

‘If you adjust the contract terms well it is worth trying to maintain the testa color.’

However… there was a very critical problem. Absolutely non-negotiable.

So my answer is ultimately one.

After thinking all these thoughts within 30 seconds I responded immediately.

-it’s okay. Thank you for your congratulations.

Yeah I’m not going.

A reply came back shortly afterwards.

-VTIC Senior Application\: It’s a shame.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: What about joining the label?

Wow.

-Are you available to talk?

I received a phone call after a short text.

“Senior.”

-Junior.

There was no need for this guy to release the recording of the phone call but since I didn’t know what would happen I started talking politely.

“What do you mean by label?”

-It means literally. Hmm is it difficult?

A soft voice continued.

-I was thinking of creating a label under LeTi.

“…!”

-Most famous agencies have their own colors clearly. It would be burdensome for Testa to belong directly to such a place.

-I think it wouldn’t be a bad thing if the conditions were such that I could make albums as I wanted at an independent label like now.

Cheongryeo made a sound that seemed like it was scratching an itch.

And recommended again.

-I contacted Testa because they seemed like the perfect group for this label. Isn’t it?

“…”

I opened my mouth.

“That label.”

-yes.

“So the advantage is that Testa can do the planning the way they want?”

-That’s right. And it will be easier to work. The company system is well established.

“yes.”

There must be a system that that guy has set up.

I’m sure you’re not saying that planning is autonomous.

but.

“But isn’t it the LeTi headquarters that coordinates promotions and schedules not the label?”

-…

“And LeTi is your affiliated company.”

That’s right. What does it mean to go to LeTi?

I pulled the smartphone away from my face and looked down at the name of the person I was talking to.

[VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo]

…This means that this guy can hold the testa schedule in his hands and run it.

Even if I were to try it now it would be difficult to beat someone who has been working for that agency for 10 years in just a few months.

This is especially true if the opponent has repeatedly targeted the same company dozens or hundreds of times.

‘I’m not even X.’

Giving the power of life and death to a group in the hands of a competitor is foolish.

‘But it’s extremely beneficial for competitors.’

That’s probably why this guy suggested it too.

I was reminded of Cheongryeo’s strange text message at last year’s year-end awards ceremony.

Video attached.

-The video was about an unknown dog receiving a new cushion as a gift instead of a broken one.

New cushion.

‘Did you mean a new company and a new home?’

Perhaps from then on I may have been measuring the angles with a vague understanding of how T1 was running.

I was pissed that I was being pushed out in terms of intelligence but anyway that guy’s behavior was obvious.

‘It was calculated.’

This means that this bastard is not even an adult and of course he suggested it to make a profit.

And after a short silence.

A soft voice was heard again.

-You’re still smart.

Isn’t it stupid to not know?

-Well you have nothing to worry about. I have no intention of doing anything that will harm me.

“What if the moment comes when you have to choose between VTIC and Testa?”

-It can’t be. I’ll choose a good schedule so we don’t disturb each other. Then all you have to do is have a good agency.

“…”

-Isn’t this a good thing for everyone?

I looked down at my smartphone. Then after shaking his head fiercely and briefly he opened his mouth again.

“…I’ll think about it.”

-ah.

In fact it probably sounded like a declaration of surrender.

His tone of voice became more friendly.

-Well thought out.

“But can’t you spread a rumor to raise the ransom?”

-hmm?

“There is a rumor coming from an official that Testa will not renew his contract.”

It’s just in the form of gossip so that the company doesn’t get suspicious. However it is best if outsiders can be skeptical.

I calmly gave the rationale.

“If there is some competition wouldn’t LeTi give us something more to do? “I think that would be the best way to get good contract terms.”

-hmm.

Cheongryeo briefly nodded as if she understood.

‘good.’

If word spreads like this…

-Junior. I have no intention of coming.

“…”

You ghost-like bastard.

‘Did you know right away?’

That’s right.

If possible I have no intention of going to LeTi. No matter how much you think about it it’s like sticking your head into that guy’s mouth.

I don’t think that guy will come and install Ohhamma now. However this is not an issue like that but an aspect of risk management.

Besides think about it. Testa going to LeTi the VTIC agency that he has been fighting like dogs with since his debut?

‘The fans will all feel rotten inside.’

I’m going to think the same way but isn’t it natural to want to choose a better option?

‘I guess I’ll have to bet something to get a deal by spreading the word about this.’

Let’s take a look first.

I shook my head and tried to open my mouth but the person on the other line spoke first.

-Well… I like it. It’s not difficult.

“…!”

Surprisingly he readily agreed.

Of course that wasn’t the main point.

-But I want you to remember that my offer is valid until the contract is renewed.

“yes. “I will.”

As expected I accepted it obediently to gain momentum to say that. But I’m willing to accept it.

I was so convinced but Cheongnyeo suddenly changed her words.

-hmm. I don’t think there’s any need to say this.

“what…”

Is it a sound?

Then a laughing voice was heard through the smartphone.

-The more contact I receive the more I will think of it. This suggestion.

“…”

-I will send you the contract terms by email. Congratulations again junior.

And a few days later subtle contacts began from large and small agencies.

* * *

“Just like Mundae said it’s really coming quite a bit.”

“…I know.”

Each member is holding a smartphone and looking at proposals received through their network.

First of all those who came to Bae Se-jin are several agencies that manage a wide range of people from actors to idols.

Perhaps because Ryu Cheong-woo is the leader he had a lot of contacts and Keun Se-jin has many suitable agencies that idols usually choose when renewing their contracts.

‘I can see the personalities of my connections.’

And Kim Rae-bin…

“…? This is a hip hop label. Why are you making a proposal here…?”

“Hmm do you have any ambitions to join an idol group?”

I will bet my smartphone that he is connected to the AR team which treats Raebin Kim as the youngest member.

‘And I… ’

I’ve received some calls from my side as well but there are a lot of negative comments.

‘They sent these kids too.’

Golden Age Group to which Gold 1 and Choi Won-gil belong. That place was rife with industrial espionage.

I said ‘Hello. This is Traveler Entertainment team leader Park Min-jeong. I read the long KakaoTalk pop-up that started with ‘I apologize again for what happened in the past without clicking on it.’

It was a little annoying but it was an agency that did a good job so I decided to keep it in mind.

‘The minus factor is that if Testa goes it will be a mess because the position and seniority match the golden age perfectly… ’

While I was thinking about that I heard a question next to me.

“But how did you spread the word about Mundaemun University?”

“…”

“huh?”

Now… it’s time to share.

I explained the invitation I had received a few days ago.

And there was an explosive response.

“Le LeTi??”

“…Senior Cheongryeo…”

“I hate that place. [Of all the people I’ve met in my life he likes the gloomiest things. “You’re not seriously considering it are you bro?]”

I never thought Cha Yu-jin would talk so long and intelligently.

I summarized the situation briefly.

“I said I wasn’t going. “Still they said they were considering it so I gave up on the rumor.”

“after.”

Big Sejin sighed deeply and sat down on the sofa. I also pressed my eyebrows.

“In the first place we were all going to move together but I guess I decided to go alone. Of course we have to discuss it…”

“Come on let’s vote now! Who doesn’t really want to go to LeTi?”

Five people raised their hands. I touched my forehead.

“Oh aren’t you listening?”

Listen you bastard.

In the middle of the living room where the ‘LeTi is not going’ conclusion was reached Raebin Kim asked me a little question with a slightly embarrassed face.

“…I remember it as a good agency don’t I?”

“…”

Indeed from head to toe he was a guy with LeTi’s taste.

After that there were meaningful contacts in several places but the problem was that the time limit was slowly approaching.

‘I have to choose quickly.’

Since each member had different thoughts on what they considered ‘essential’ there were only a few agencies that could meet all of them.

Moreover most of them have disadvantages or risky elements.

It may be too small and difficult to care for or it may be too large and already has a male idol in the same position or it may be too individualistic and cannot handle the testers.

Looking at it this way LeTi who came with an independent label from the first hit was definitely a fairy.

‘Fuck you.’

I scratched my head. Cheongnyeo wasn’t so confident for no reason.

‘Okay let’s just say I’m going to LeTi.’

Even so… the fundamental problem is impossible to solve no matter where you go.

‘…Testa name.’

That name group concept. All of these trademarks and copyrights were already held by this agency called T1 Stars.

What should I do with that?

“Are you… are you still organizing it?”

“hmm.”

Sun Ah-hyun sat across from the table. I threw aside the paper on which I had randomly written keywords but it seemed like he had already seen it.

-Testa name continued

…this keyword.

“I’m thinking about it because I want to keep using my name.”

“…”

“Is it really okay if I talk carefully with that company…? “It would be nice if we could buy the rights.”

“…I guess that would be good.”

But most likely they won’t give it to you. Even if an astronomical amount is offered the chances are small.

This is because the decision maker is not a single person but multiple stakeholders are involved.

I explained that part to Sun Ah-hyun. Sun Ah-hyun listened calmly and nodded.

“Still even if it’s difficult let’s try… let’s try.”

“…okay.”

“Ugh. “Maybe the company will allow it because of other circumstances…!”

“…”

Other circumstances?

At that moment a thought struck my head like lightning.

‘Aren’t you selling the trademark rights?’

Then… wouldn’t it be enough to create ‘other circumstances’ to sell it?

I nodded.

“yes. thanks.”

“…”

“I knew what to do.”

“…Huh?”

I spoke comfortably to Seon Ah-hyun who had a puzzled expression on her face.

“This company must go out of business.”

“…!?”

I can’t believe you were able to organize it so simply.

“Mumundaeya?”

thanks. Seon Ah-hyun.

And the next day I tried to contact both guys.

[Spacer Kwon Hee-seung]

[Miriena Park Min-ha]

They were members of the same agency group who were in the same situation.

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: ???

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: What is this group chat room?

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: Perhaps entertainment?

-Miri Nae Park Min-ha\: Hello senior!

I started typing bluntly.

-hello

-Do you like this company?

If I don’t have anything to eat I’ll even sell it.

‘Let’s cut off all the food lines.’

The answer is… the company is destroyed.
