---
title: "Chapter 455"
category: "book"
index: 454
section: "Chapter 455"
slug: "455"
---

# Chapter 455

The atmosphere at T1 Stars was chaotic.

Now that it has become independent from its parent company T1 Ent the company is no longer a subsidiary of Octopus Foot Enterprise.

It may sound good at first but it is actually fraught with enormous uncertainty.

The superiors who meddle and manipulate have disappeared but the subordinates who would take responsibility have also disappeared.

-What do you think?

– Assistant Manager… haha shall we find out together?

Among the working-level staff concerns about future treatment and jokes about job changes were exchanged.

And the same went for my boss.

In an unprecedented situation where the board of directors was arrested and evaporated due to a political offensive the only bosses left were the head of the division and various department heads who were invited from among professional CEOs.

Everyone paid close attention to their movements.

If those people see an escape angle you have to move quickly too!

-Director you must be going to another company right? LOL

-You might not go right?

However there was still a part of me that believed.

-We still have a good lineup of artists.

That’s right.

The ones they trust are their artists.

These were a few groups that toured with a solid fan base and secured fame and steady income.

And among them there was a group with the most unique name value.

-Testa also said he would renew his contract.

Testa!

He is a top idol in name and reality winning the grand prize for three consecutive years.

Moreover since the production is done in-house there will be no major problems if the superiors are blown away.

The working-level staff who did not know exactly why T1 and its subsidiary had a falling out were confident that the company would be able to make a living just by capturing Testa.

-Ah I’m going to the Testa label somehow.

-Even if this place goes bankrupt won’t the label survive?

People had happy imaginations thinking that the label might absorb more manpower or that the label might take over the company itself.

So this was the atmosphere externally.

Let’s look at the anonymous office worker community.

————————==

[T1 Entertainment subsidiary brothers and sisters?]

I wonder what the atmosphere is like these days. Is everyone welcoming independence?

————————==

-lol

-It’s mysterious.

-Well I’m just going to work no problems so far.

Instead of complaining over and over again break down your answers. It was a reaction that came about because there was a real problem.

But in that mysterious atmosphere where there is hope…

[Testar Park Moon-dae\: Then I’ll see you tomorrow.]

“…!”

The general manager received a text message from his office.

* * *

Testa Park Moon-dae was a crazy person.

At least that was certainly the case in the eyes of the general manager.

Before I thought he was a spoiled kid but after he signed a label contract under pressure that assessment was fixed.

The timing of his hand movements and speech could not have been so clever and exquisite.

‘I should have figured it out as soon as I found out about the family situation.’

How worn out would an orphan be to be ranked first in a survival program at that age?

He treated me too gently just because of his age and then he ended up screwing up!

‘Who knew that little boy would do that?’

The general manager tried to cover up the embarrassment he felt after signing the label contract under duress by simply clicking his tongue.

Of course it was impossible to guess that the person behind Park Moon-dae’s soft appearance was a much older adult.

Anyway time has passed since the label incident. Testa worked hard without any unusual actions and Park Moon-dae never contacted him.

however.

“I hope you read it.”

“…”

The head of the headquarters managed to pick up the sheaf of paper that Park Mun-dae had put down with his firm hands.

This time too the documents with the critical parts painted in black were the same as when the label was threatened.

Litigation materials.

The problem is that it’s not just Testa.

“Ah from Chapter 7 it’s a story about a different group.”

Mirinae spacer.

The data for the two groups next to Testa were neatly organized to show that this agency was making decent profits.

‘This… ’

This is also about unfair treatment by the agency. However it was slightly less fatal.

In the case of Mirinae the non-agreed spacer for tours and US activities was mainly about member neglect.

Even so there is one reason why I made this.

“Well next month. “We plan to file a class action lawsuit within the next month at the latest.”

“…!”

It was a sentence that seemed like a bolt from the blue.

Besides this was immoral! Especially Testa.

He managed to calm the boiling sense of crisis. And he shook his head skillfully.

“No… even if you show me something like this.”

The general manager slapped the paper once and forced a smile.

While intentionally showing signs of suppressing anger.

“Testa added a label contract with this last time and if this happens again the company will be in a lot of trouble. “Who would want to work with Testa if the promo is done without any special circumstances?”

It was true.

And it was also a subtle intention that if a lawsuit was filed they would somehow embroil the label story and blow it all up.

“And other groups honestly it doesn’t feel like a lawsuit does it? This is a mistake that anyone can make while working. “Judges are not stupid.”

This too was half true.

But… Park Moon-dae was calm.

“Winning is not important.”

uh?

“The important thing is what will happen to this company the moment all three of these groups stop working together.”

“…!!”

“The funds won’t come in.”

That was the key.

The moment a lawsuit is filed… activities are halted.

And sales of other products such as albums will also plummet. Because fans won’t buy it.

And reflexively the head of the headquarters thought of that.

‘If this small and medium-sized entertainment agency which is not a T1 subsidiary runs out of funds… ’

It’s over.

The longer the lawsuit goes on the less profit you will continue to make and the fixed costs such as building will continue to rise.

However T1 which provided the investment has already discontinued the company so it cannot raise more money.

Other investors will also not be willing to step in when the three most successful groups in the company join forces and file a lawsuit.

then…

“It’s short but it’s a long time ago.”

Moon-Dae Park sentenced.

“Then since the company went bankrupt we automatically become free.”

“…”

My backside was sore.

Truth\: It was a strong premonition that came out only after hearing a guess about the future that had a very high hit rate.

It can be summarized as ‘X is done.’

They could destroy the company just by filing a lawsuit.

‘Damn this… ’

The head of the headquarters spoke as calmly as possible swallowing a mixture of English and Korean into a few words.

First of all you have to pretend it’s not the case.

“It’s such a radical idea. Haha wouldn’t Testa be able to leave as long as he doesn’t renew his contract? “I really don’t know why you’re trying to go to the difficult direction.”

Park Moon-dae who caught the meaning of asking for good contract renewal conditions instead of doing something like this shook his head.

“To help other groups. “As a senior.”

You crazy bastards!

They’ve made a lot of money so far so why are they doing something like this out of resentment?

‘I know that the moment you say you won’t renew your contract your reputation will end.’

The general manager who had now quite figured out the trend of the entertainment company decided that he would somehow mobilize public opinion to put an end to it.

And it was the moment when I was trying to pretend not to give a warning.

“That’s why I’m telling this to the general manager first.”

Park Moon-dae who had been pausing added softly.

“They were also good to us when we were on our label.”

It was a voice mixed with kindness.

“It means you should escape first.”

“…”

“Before we file a lawsuit.”

The head of the department was momentarily taken aback.

Park Moon-dae did not seem particularly disdainful or boastful.

I’m really debating whether to say it or not and although it may turn out to be negative I secretly feel like I said it out loud.

‘…yes.’

If you had made such a plan it would have been risky to even tell a company official like yourself.

The fact that he risked that and said it… might actually have been a favor!

No matter how much money you have earned you are only just starting out in society. He drew a picture of whether he felt sorry for an adult who had already pressured him with an additional contract.

…Of course it’s not the truth.

‘This guy bit me.’

Park Moon-dae was thinking that when he saw the head of the headquarters.

Because I had no intention of filing a lawsuit in the first place!

In fact as Testa said before suing the company itself is a huge blow to the artist’s image. In a slang term it means being ‘stamped’ in the industry.

However the general manager who was not originally in the entertainment business was unable to capture the details that required experience.

Instead Park Moon-dae caught the signal.

-I don’t want to cause harm to other people especially people I know.

That kind of thing… a soft-hearted immature corner of society that hasn’t yet grown old.

So the head of the headquarters roughly figured out the situation like this.

Common sense tells us that if Testa has little benefit from filing a lawsuit…

‘Are you saying there’s nothing I can do now that I’ve been tricked by another group and put my gun on my back?’

Since you stepped up for others you also care about ‘other people’ who will be harmed because of it!

So reflexively I started speaking strongly.

Because I saw a place to lie down.

“No changing jobs is not a child’s joke… Moon Dae do you think changing companies will happen overnight?”

The plan was to push ahead like this and get Testa out of the lawsuit.

And Park Mun-dae blinked.

“Are you having a hard time?”

“It’s impossible based on common sense. “No please tell me first when you are going to file a lawsuit.”

“hmm.”

Park Moon-dae was silent for a long time and then spoke slowly.

The rope of salvation.

“Now that I think about it I wonder if it would be better to do this instead of filing a lawsuit.”

“…!”

“How about this?”

Park Moon-dae frowned as if he had just remembered it and said a few words as if reasoning.

At that moment the head of the headquarters came to his senses.

If you do that!

“…If you do this you will gain time and there will be no problems with your portfolio or anything like that when you change jobs.”

As Park Mun-dae finished speaking he glanced at the head of the headquarters.

“The manager knows this too. “This company has no vision anyway.”

Because T1 gave up.

Yes this is a fact that the general manager already knew.

However since I had a testa I was wondering if I could eat more but this is what happened.

‘…okay. ‘Every business is about timing.’

The person who plays first suffers the least and gains the most.

The head of the headquarters made his decision and opened his mouth.

Park Moon-dae smiled faintly.

* * *

The next evening.

“Hyung what are you saying?”

Liu Chengwu grinned as he hung up the direct call from the company’s higher-ups.

It was a smile full of surprise and refreshing.

“The company… wants to talk about the group name but it looks like they want to sell the trademark rights.”

“…!”

“Really…?”

“huh.”

“WOW!!”

The living room was soon filled with exciting noise as the sign that the operation was a success. Bae Se-jin was excited and waved his arms.

“So that worked?”

“yes.”

Didn’t you say it would work?

I chuckled and remembered my conversation with the general manager.

‘That selfish bastard.’

I thought I was going to eat it and jump out.

I didn’t make a great suggestion. Something like this.

‘I’m just saying let’s have one last bite before the damn company goes bankrupt anyway.’

-The trademark rights will be auctioned off after bankruptcy anyway. Rather than let that happen the trademark rights should be transferred to the groups for a fee.

If the company goes bankrupt anyway you can buy the trademark rights that will be auctioned. However the plan is to give the head of the division a chance to sell first and make a profit.

Let’s suck it up with short-term profits and the image-making of a beautiful agency that gives names to singers.

And the head of the division completes the last page of the portfolio before the company goes bankrupt and runs away.

we? We made the excuse that we had this much benefit.

-Wouldn’t other groups feel safe working for this company if that’s the case? This means that even if the company goes bankrupt you can go somewhere else with this name.

-Rather than waiting for the company to go bankrupt it’s better for us to just buy it now.

This means that it is beneficial to everyone.

“…then?”

“yes.”

I grinned.

“It’s okay if you don’t file a lawsuit.”

“…!”

“Oh!”

“Then I can leave amicably without renewing my contract!”

“Okay~ It’s the best!”

Now everyone is starting to give high fives without context saying that all they need is company.

Sun Ah-hyun quietly raised her hand.

“But then… the other group members are still with this company…? “What if I can’t file a lawsuit?”

“…!”

I chuckled.

And then I remembered. Gold 2 was so anxious that he was going to bite his fingernails throughout the whole process even though he was shouting that he wanted to go with a lot of energy.

-Brother will you save us?? How dare you just leave Testa like this…??ㅠㅠ

“no.”

They said they would let us escape but that was a fraud.

“It will progress gradually.”

The great escape story of the agency.

Now all that remains is to wait.
