---
title: "Chapter 456"
category: "book"
index: 455
section: "Chapter 456"
slug: "456"
---

# Chapter 456

“Minha!”

“…Uh uh Harin.”

Mirinae’s Park Min-ha has been living in a state where she feels like her soul is about to pass out.

Due to the chaos at work the group’s schedule was disrupted and everyone was spending more time at the dorm so each member was trying to shake off their anxiety by focusing on their hobbies or practicing.

But Park Min-ha is the only one who behaves like that.

‘Am I too stressed?’

Once again the weight of the leader… Mirinae Seong Ha-rin crossed her arms seriously.

At that time Park Min-ha suddenly spoke up.

“Harin if we could go to another company would we?”

“…?!”

“Oh no. “Pretend you didn’t hear it.”

If there’s anyone who can pretend they didn’t hear that they’re probably not an idol!

‘Another company? ‘Other companies?’

Did you get any signal?

Seong Harin also knew. That the company is in turmoil.

However it is nearly impossible to break away from an entertainment company that still has time left on the contract.

So if something realistic happens during that time… no way!

“Are we going to the Testa label??”

“Shh shh!”

Park Min-ha was shocked.

Then he quickly turns his head left and right as if someone is listening then hastily puts his hand to his mouth.

“Is it true?”

“No no that’s not it!”

But I hesitated and added it.

“…I think there is a possibility.”

what!

Park Min-ha was never a member who would talk nonsense and brag.

If that’s the case then this sound is coming out because I really heard something.

At that moment a forgotten doubt struck Seong Harin’s mind. The two were having a particularly meaningful conversation.

“…”

Perhaps Minha’s source of information…

“No way… senior Park Moon-dae told you?”

“…?!”

Park Min-ha stiffened.

At the reaction that seemed to have hit the nail on the head Seong Ha-rin’s buried doubts began to creep up again.

‘The two of you dating… ’

“Harin aren’t there secretly rumors that we are close? “It’s a scary situation where such stories are spread among company officials other idols and possibly even fans…”

I guess not.

“Oh no! “I guessed it!”

“after.”

Park Min-ha let out a long sigh.

And then he sat down on the chair with an expression as if he had been burned white.

“Your guess is correct…”

“…huh.”

It seems so.

But I decided not to think about that last doubt again.

‘That’s right there’s no way a kid like Minha who is serious about becoming an idol would already be showing off!’

In that case it means that you exchanged words with Park Moon-dae in a completely business-like manner.

“So what’s going on?”

“…Please wait a moment.”

Park Min-ha was looking at her smartphone with an expression full of admiration.

“…?”

Seong Ha-rin asked a question about a situation she could not understand but Park Min-ha did not give any further answers.

And a few days later I received a cautious call from the company.

The news is that the group will be able to own the group name not the company!

“Why are you doing this?”

“You’re probably trying to change the mood right? Something like image making?”

“aha.”

The members shared such words but anyway being able to buy the group name was a very attractive proposition!

Even if the company changes you can keep the group name!

‘oh my god.’

Harin covered her mouth and soon realized the reality.

‘…the settlement isn’t so big that we can easily buy this.’

wait for a sec.

Then under the pretext of passing this on aren’t they going to rob us further by pretending to be generous and deducting it from the settlement by attaching it to us as debt?

If you’re just running a one-pot business with no intention of keeping the group going for a long time anyway wouldn’t it be a good idea to have the group’s trademark rights?

‘Aren’t you doing this because you have no intention of raising Mirinae for a long time?’

However the company set a more conscientious price than expected.

“…?”

Of course the unit was over a billion but it wasn’t a crazy unit like a few tens of billion.

“I really want to buy it! huh!”

“If Minha is like that then I’m good!”

And thanks to Park Min-ha’s proactive initiative and Yul-gi’s clear words the members readily pooled their money and bought the trademark rights under their joint name.

“What about other groups?”

“It felt like a living atmosphere.”

Do it. There is no way to miss this opportunity except for the rookies from the survival show &lt;Be My Girls&gt; which was caught up in controversy and was on the verge of sinking.

…Although it was a shame for the company to sell it and then play the media as if it had just been handed over to them the atmosphere was good anyway.

People responded well saying ‘We are going on a completely different trajectory from the T1 used as an artist consumable’ so it was bittersweet but it was a good thing in the long run.

‘There are a few years left until the contract is renewed.’

At the time of Testa the period was 5 years but after the &lt;Azusa&gt; season became a huge hit it was extended to 7 years.

‘good. The next album will be a big hit! ‘It’s okay to go under the Testa label!’

Seong Ha-rin decided to think as positively as possible!

…until this article appeared.

[Will Testa’s contract be renewed… Where will the KPOP star’s next home be?]

“…”

Testa is not renewing his contract.

‘Oh no.’

It looks like the Testa label will be disbanded?!

‘Escape these people!’

They are running away among themselves!

So what exactly did Park Min-ha say? Seong Ha-rin turned her head from the WeTube screen and looked at Park Min-ha as if her head was going to break…

“Minhayam?”

“Heh heh… heh heh.”

Park Min-ha was laughing helplessly while looking at the WeTube screen.

He didn’t look surprised.

It just felt like an irreversible decision had been made. It’s like buying an incredibly expensive item with a 24-month installment plan.

“…??”

Park Min-ha was looking back on her past choices while letting Jeong Yul-gi prod her.

‘This… I guess this is correct right??’

Since I have never gone astray before I definitely had to go this time without being discouraged.

‘Please!’

Park Min-ha held up her smartphone fluttering like a balloon doll for a private practice.

* * *

Jiyiing.

-Miri Nae Park Min-ha\: I heard that your contract will not be renewed… Congratulations on moving to a new place.

okay. The time has come for the article to appear.

I replied to the message deleting all the contacts I received from here and there.

-thank you

Of course this guy probably wasn’t really sent to congratulate him.

‘I’m just trying to figure it out.’

I added the following\:

-You don’t have to worry it’s okay.

The reply came back a few tens of seconds later.

– Mirinae Park Min-ha\: Yes…

– Mirinae Park Min-ha\: Of course. You also invited me to the group chat room but I trust you.

Wow.

If you have any chance I can set up a group chat room too so don’t backstab me.

‘It’s gotten faster.’

I smiled and said ‘I understand’ and turned off my smartphone.

And I wasn’t the only one looking at the contact.

“Wow the contact is scary.”

“Uhm that’s right…”

Contacts about the article are pouring into our members from all over.

And I reflected on the news I heard yesterday.

‘The general manager quit.’

Without missing the timing he jumped out.

In addition it has been reported in the news that Testa has not renewed his contract.

Of course this is not an article published by the company.

‘We reported it.’

Of course I didn’t do it myself but it was passed on to the relevant person as if I had made a mistake but whatever.

1. Stop loss at T1.

2. The general manager’s loss.

3. Testa’s stop loss.

In the end this company saw these crazy stop losses one by one in an unexpected timing and within a short period of time.

This is the moment when the company is most shaken.

“Are we moving on to the next plan now?”

That’s right.

I turned my head and looked at the person in charge.

The guy with the most trustworthy and stable image in this group.

“Please take care of me brother.”

“I have to be nice to you brother.”

Liu Chengwu who had already finished preparing left the dormitory with a smile.

The destination was the company conference room.

However not to T1 Stars but to the conference room of its affiliated label Testa Label.

* * *

‘after… ’

Kwon Hee-seung an idol who is still nicknamed ‘Gold 2’ by Park Moon-dae was looking into the past history of the group chat room.

It was a group chat room created by Park Moon-dae for ‘escape from the company’.

‘I thought you would help me if I brought up the wish ticket.’

Isn’t this kind of company problem too difficult? So Kwon Hee-seung planned to use the wish ticket he received when he was dragged into that strange virtual world and suffered a lot.

However without even going that far Park Moon-dae reached out first.

However there was a condition.

-Stay still no matter what happens.

This is it.

That’s why Kwon Hee-seung also stayed calm even when the board of directors was arrested the trademark rights were sold the head of the company was put out and Testa was taken out.

‘You must be thinking about the big picture.’

Although Park Moon-dae’s attitude was a bit extreme he knew. Park Moon-dae was clearly the type of person with loyalty and affection!

…I felt a bit heartbroken that Testa actually left without renewing his contract.

‘are you okay. ‘It won’t be a loss!’

But the next news no matter how positive it was really made my heart drop.

“Hey all the people at that crazy label have quit.”

“…!? “Huh?”

“That Testa label Orbit? “People there are quitting their jobs!”

oh my god.

And through word of mouth Kwon Hee-seung soon found out that it was not an exaggerated rumor and that almost all of the employees had indeed resigned.

Naturally there was an uproar in the existing company as well.

-Isn’t this normal?

-Oh I wonder if something will happen again…?

Slowly people who were able to change jobs began to leave the company as if it were a relay race.

The company which had already lost almost all of its superiors and was unable to function properly due to a major incident in which almost half of the company’s employees deserted seemed completely paralyzed.

“…”

Kwon Hee-seung became even more anxious but decided to trust Park Moon-dae.

Since a celebrity who isn’t in the top tier isn’t going to do anything anyway it’s good for your mental health to think positively!

Of course I sent KakaoTalk.

-Hyung… the people at the company are disappearing.

-And where are you going Testa?

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠHyung?

The reply came almost immediately.

-No evaporation

-Wait a little longer.

“…?”

And that very evening a brilliant article appeared on the main entertainment news page.

[Testa’s extraordinary loyalty… It wasn’t a new nest the agency of the “label CEO”]

[Testa signed a contract with a new agency… It turns out that the “CEO” left the company]

“…!”

That’s right.

Testa did not explicitly establish his own agency.

However I did not go to my existing agency.

Instead their label CEO left the company and they moved to a newly established agency.

At that moment Heeseung Kwon realized.

‘…Could it be that all the label employees left the company?’

That’s right.

While Park Moon-dae was in charge of the headquarters Ryu Cheong-woo was in charge of the label people and boiled them.

In the midst of the company’s bleak outlook and the anxiety that I would have to ‘let go’…it stimulated a kind of crowd psychology.

-We really… If we could work with the people here I think we would consider renewing our contract again.

The label representative was willing to take the lead.

And when they heard that Testa was following most of the label employees looked around and jumped out of the sinking ship.

So in the end this situation came to be.

You can’t be independent with a label.

However it disappeared as if scattered and was reorganized to become a new agency!

‘Awesome so you said it wasn’t evaporation.’

Kwon Hee-seung was impressed but soon realized his situation.

‘Wait a minute but what happens to us?’

spacer.

Are we… really going to be abandoned like this…?

-brother??

-Brotherㅠㅠ??

The reply came again quickly.

-Just a little more

‘How much more?!’

Kwon Hee-seung wanted to cry so he sent a KakaoTalk message.

After sending it I was a little worried that he might look angry but Park Moon-dae was not angry.

I just replied like this.

-Until people are more anxious than you

* * *

“…uh?”

And after some time.

I heard news I couldn’t have imagined.

“The company… was merged.”

“…??”

“Testa’s new agency bought T1 Stars…”

yes??

Kwon Hee-seung almost dropped his smartphone when he heard the manager’s words.

Then I had just arrived and found Park Moon-dae’s hot KakaoTalk message.

-I think it’s possible to cancel your contract.

-Shall we solve it now?

“…”

‘oh my god.’

After heightening the sentiment that this company would fail as much as possible.

By lowering the market value and future prospects as much as possible.

At the most friendly times and at the lowest prices.

Testa’s new agency swallowed up T1 Stars.

“…”

This is why… I told you to stay still.

Kwon Hee-seung realized this reflexively.

If you show that you have something you believe in or come out actively… this atmosphere may be disturbed so I ordered you to ‘stay still’.

‘and.’

Really… it was awesome.

It was an escape from the company I could never have imagined.
