---
title: "Chapter 457"
category: "book"
index: 456
section: "Chapter 457"
slug: "457"
---

# Chapter 457

Testa escapes from T1 Stars.

And signed a contract with a new company created by a retired label CEO!

The group name is preserved!

Of course fans loved it. This is because it was the ending of the contract renewal season which felt like the best scenario chosen after looking at about a thousand future possibilities.

Even though T1 Stars is no longer a subsidiary of T1 doesn’t that mean the bullshit that has been going on so far will disappear?

It was a dream situation where I could part ways with the agency I was sick of while keeping the label’s working staff intact.

-Mimi Crazy Testa’s new agency

-It’s like some kind of movie story. Does this work? ㅠㅠㅠ

Testa’s new agency was registered under the name ‘Stars Orbit’ taking its name from the existing label.

But most people just called it Orbit.

-I feel bad because when I think of Stars I think of T1 Starsㅡㅡ

-Ah I’m so glad things are only changing for the better.

-I’m so relieved. If the original label staff sticks with most of the staff the album quality won’t drop right?

The fandom seemed like it was going to be a festival but the problem was the media play that T1 Stars did just before.

[The sincerity of the independent T1 Stars is “giving the name back to the artist”]

Transfer of trademark rights from a conglomerate to an independent artist.

This is because it was as if Testa poured cold water on the agency just when it was making up its mind to launch a new company as a ‘good company.’

-Repaying grace with enemies haha Wow.

-They ate it up as soon as the group name was released. It was really too much opportunists.

-People at the existing agency must be really devastated.

-I heard from my manager that this was the final blow and that the company was on the verge of going out of business. He is leaving the company so if things continue like this other groups’ activities will be suspended indefinitely… ㅠㅠ

Aggroists worked hard to incite people who had only heard about the story through articles.

They worked hard to emphasize how decisive a blow Testa was to this company.

He even captured the despairing posts of T1 Stars employees posted on an anonymous office worker community.

And when Mirinae and Spacer’s fans started reacting to the aggro out of anxiety and nervousness it almost became a mess.

Until I heard this news a while later… that’s how it was.

-Testa Label purchased T1 Stars

-??????

It was a development no one expected.

-What are you talking about?

└It’s literally… Orbit Entertainment bought T1 Stars hahaha.

└Crazy hahahahahahahahaha

└What is happening?

[“Testa agency” Stars Orbit Entertainment’s first unconventional move is to pursue the merger and acquisition of T1 Stars]

As soon as the article was published communities and social media sites were turned upside down.

But no one knew how to react. It was surprising and funny but it was because I had no idea what was going on.

-Why do I live?

-Is this a good thing? Should we celebrate?

-Where are the people who said Testa ruined T1 Stars? They saved their lives haha.

-Loyalty is crazy? Hahahahaha

-I had no choice but to click because it was aggro. What’s going on with Orbit’s company theme? Haha.

Anyway Mirinae and Spacer’s fans finally put their minds at ease.

Testa fans were a little confused as they didn’t know what benefit this had but they were more relieved and relieved that the aggro was gone for now.

It seemed like a funny happy ending.

However there were also people who had this question.

‘wait for a sec. If all the employees at my previous agency were the same and the artists at my agency were the same… ’

-?? So what is the difference between this and the original T1 Stars?

Although I was swept away by the unprecedented situation it was a crucial question.

* * *

A new start. New company.

Testa is now sitting in a new conference room discussing things.

I decided not to use the T1 Stars building. I wanted to draw a line like that.

However since T1 absorbed the lost subsidiary intact from their perspective it would be no different from the same people just changing the name.

“We… he’s just standing there with T1 right? Like with T1 Stars?”

“okay.”

I nodded.

‘The situation that T1 lost is still the same.’

At first glance it might seem that only raw money was spent and that the situation had not changed.

But still.

“But now we can respond however we want.”

This is different.

Now we have the power to decide.

This is because this company is an unlisted company and we own a significant amount of its stock.

‘Now you don’t have to waste your energy trying to persuade your superiors.’

“Wooooow!!”

Cha Yu-jin whistled.

Say goodbye to your boss troll forever.

And because they knew that they had a cool expression on their faces. Bae Se-jin almost seemed to cry.

“…Everyone worked really hard. I… I didn’t know something like this was possible before. But I’m really glad that it worked out… It’s good.”

“Brother Sejin…”

Liu Chengwu also smiled and agreed.

“really. “It’s our company so it’s a bit awkward and strange but it’s good.”

“Is that really true? Okay let’s do our best for the next 5 or 10 years.”

“Yes I think I need to become more responsible! i look forward to!”

“Yeah!”

The atmosphere was passionate because everything went as planned. I nodded.

I have a good sense of ownership to do well in my activities and take care of the company well.

…Of course no matter how much the price of T1 Stars fell we did not have the financial power to acquire it in such a short period of time.

Anyway since the T1 strap ran out I had to take a different line.

I thought about the message he left on my smartphone.

To be exact the reply I received when I contacted him first.

-VTIC Senior Application\: I contacted you.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: As expected.

What does ‘as expected’ mean?

Of course I had no intention of signing with LeTi until the end.

But there’s no reason why you can’t use LeTi if you can and are friendly with it.

So… everything else was left out and only money transactions were made.

-Senior do you have any plans to just get a return on investment from your agency without having to go through the trouble of creating a label?

In other words LeTi invested a considerable amount of money into the launch of this company.

Of course it didn’t exceed half. The exercise of majority voting rights must be prevented.

However it means that it has now become the same line as LeTi.

‘It is easy to use the platform that is friendly to LeTi but it is a bit difficult to refuse LeTi requests.’

This line is good. Cheongryeo’s side would also think that it would be advantageous for them to accurately monitor the movements of their competitors and if necessary to interfere a little.

Of course he was trying to accumulate debt.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I think the junior unilaterally received my help in this case.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: What do you think?

I thought so.

-yes. Then instead I will give you some good information about other VTIC seniors.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Hmm?

-Senior Joo Dan is doing well in the military. He asked me how my senior was doing.

After that there was no KakaoTalk history. Because he called me and I burst into laughter.

‘What happened?’

Wouldn’t it be better to make a joke through KakaoTalk records than to say that a person who stands to gain a lot by looking into this company’s finances and schedule is unilaterally pretending to help?

I opened my smartphone and flipped through the records of my conversation with him. Then messages from other guys who arrived just before appear as well.

‘hmm.’

The other group members of T1 Stars who even dug into the group chat room to help him escape.

I told them I could cancel the contract now… and I got this reply.

– Haha brother what are you saying?

-Didn’t we escape together? Aing Spacer please take care of yourselves in the future!!

-(Tearling emoticon)

This is spacer Kwon Hee-seung so Gold 2.

-If it is okay with you we would like to do our best as is!

-And since Stars Orbit is a new agency I think we signed a new contract. (Salute emoticon)

This is Mirinae Park Min.

“…hmm.”

I crossed my arms.

‘Actually… I expected Mirinae’s side to stay.’

&lt;Be My Girls&gt; is not able to promote properly due to the controversy anyway so there are no female idols within this agency who can compete for the position.

And I thought I wouldn’t kick this situation where the staff I originally got along with were still there.

But the spacer… is it okay? I have no intention of giving in if my activity schedule overlaps with that of Testa.

I looked at my smartphone and briefly anticipated the public opinion loss I would see in that situation.

-When are you so greedy about Testa that you make a comeback? Did you eat T1 Stars to do this? Haha

-I’m tired of the favoritism of the company. Really Juju is eating it all up. I wonder if anyone is from Azusa haha. It’s my bastard’s fault for being dragged around because there is still time left on the contract. Of course~~

“…”

Should we coordinate well so that we don’t lose out to each other?

‘If it’s already like this should we reorganize the spacer positioning… ’

It is a route that does not overlap with Testa.

I pressed my eyebrows at the situation that suddenly made me think about other group positions.

“What’s wrong with Mundaemundae? “What’s going on?”

“no. It’s not like that… Other groups say they want to stay.”

“…!”

“Didn’t they want to leave?”

I explained the situation appropriately.

Then most of them nodded their heads calmly. Even though it was a company that was sinking anyway they were reluctant to let it sink so they agreed to save it.

“okay. “It would be nice if we went together.”

“Since your employees are still there… I think I would have been the same.”

To sum it up it’s ‘Oh I see.’

However Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

He didn’t seem to like it very much but since he had already acquired the company he didn’t seem to want to create a variable that interfered with other groups’ contracts so he didn’t object.

However I did say this.

“I know. “You can just do what you normally do. Just like you do.”

This means that if you cross the line and covet our manpower we will kick you out.

‘Are you coming?’

It’s sorted.

I left a reply to Kwon Hee-seung and Park Min-ha saying ‘Then I guess I’ll stay.’

And just like that the complicated story of the company and others has come to an end.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

“Thank you for your hard work~”

The headache-inducing story passed and the members smiled in a comfortable atmosphere.

And the topic I originally wanted to talk about finally comes out.

“Then… let’s quickly prepare our new album!”

That’s right.

These people who are thirsty for activity are indifferent to the environment and only want to make an album.

“That’s a really good idea!”

“We only did a little bit of activity! Let’s make it quickly this time and do more quickly!”

“…We’re moving to our dorm for a moment… Uhm I don’t know. That’s right! Let’s work hard!”

“Oooh!”

Bae Se-jin who was about to hit the break joined in and the conference room was in chaos.

me?

“I think it would be better to pick a song right away.”

“Hey Mundae~”

“I’ll contact the AR team!”

I picked ‘Magical Boy’ in a month from scratch so what was it?

‘What can’t I do here?’

Just do it.

Not enough money? If anything goes wrong all I have to do is spend all of my remaining settlement money. I can handle one or two albums.

‘…Of course it’s not like there aren’t some things that bother me.’

We’ll check that out later so let’s leave it at that for now.

Instead of wasting my time I smiled and looked around the conference room.

It was then.

Jiying-

There was a reply to the KakaoTalk message I sent earlier.

‘Kwon Hee-seung.’

-Of course! Of course! Please treat us as a family brother!

I thought you would come like that.

However the next KakaoTalk message was a bit surprising.

-Ahh I’m going to use that wish ticket now! Hahaha

-Brother please help our company grow well! So please take us with you! Oh I believe it!

-(Heart emoticon)

‘I am indeed.’

Even if you don’t use the ticket I’ve already invested so much money that this company will most likely go out of business.

I grinned and typed a reply ‘That’s it.’

It was then.

[Check the owner of the ‘■■■ fragment’!]

[Register &lt;Wish&gt;]

…a status window appears.

I stood up reflexively.

“Mundae?”

“…Catch him now!”

A pop-up follows.

[Use ‘Item\: ■■■ (ver. Beta)’]

“…!”

no.

‘That’s a fucking system.’

It felt like my hair would turn completely white. Meanwhile I instinctively connected the pop-up with what Kwon Hee-seung had just said.

‘Right to wish.’

…The system tries to grant wishes. then.

‘Could it be to Kwon Hee-seung?’

no.

It’s an item that belongs to me so why is it being used arbitrarily?

“cancellation!”

However as soon as I shouted the pop-up had already changed the text.

as soon as…

[Searching for target…]

[Target\: Stars Orbit Ent (Stars Orbit Entertainment)]

uh?

[Company Name\: Stars Orbit]

Awareness\: C+

Grade\: (-)

Revenue\: (-)

Owned artists\: Testa (★★★★★) Mirinae (★★★★) Spacer (★★★)…

Overall rating\: D+

A pop-up appears as if loitering above it.

…Carefree.

[‘Item\: ■■■ (ver. Beta)’

Do you want to cancel use?]

“…”

What is it?
