---
title: "Chapter 458"
category: "book"
index: 457
section: "Chapter 458"
slug: "458"
---

# Chapter 458

[…The system was introduced into your company!?]

[?? But you can cancel it??]

huh.

I looked at the company’s status window again seeing the big moon pop up in shock as if vomiting blood.

It’s sorted from recognition to the artists it owns and even gives an overall review of the company. It’s just like a demo version of a game run by a company.

‘What are you saying?’

I clicked it just in case.

[※This function is not yet available.]

Reason\: Before starting the mission

“…”

What function does it provide?

But they say they can’t show it yet because they haven’t started that damn ‘mission’.

‘Maybe… it’s because of this pop-up.’

[‘Item\: ■■■ (ver. Beta)’

Do you want to cancel use?]

I guess I have to say that I won’t cancel this for it to go ahead officially.

[Whew I guess it’s an item so you can do whatever you want… Ugh I’m glad…]

okay. I can choose this.

[Uh… But why aren’t you canceling it right away and are you thinking about it?]

that…

‘Gold… No it seems like Kwon Hee-seung has a system fragment.’

[!!]

A pop-up that said something like ‘Confirm owner of shard of ■■■’ appeared. This happened the moment Kwon Hee-seung said his wish.

[Ahh the system moved in response to that! Because Heeseung has the fragment!]

So that is.

‘I don’t know if I have to do this to get that thing away from him.’

Reacting means showing movement so if you use it a method may come out.

No matter how much you think about it it is dangerous to deal with a mission failure penalty that suddenly pops up like a guy without a status window slams his head into the ground.

And regardless of whether Gold 2 becomes

‘…and one more thing.’

If Kwon Hee-seung is one of the remaining fragments of the system the pattern becomes virtually obvious.

There are a total of 4 fragments.

And if what has been revealed so far is that I am Kwon Hee-seung the next one has a high probability…

‘…I guess I’ll try it.’

This is the line of people with experience dealing with this damn system.

‘If anything happens should I ask him to at least tell me his wish?’

I need to get my words right.

But for now I shook my head and returned to the immediate topic.

So what to do with this system?

If I were to just unilaterally cover the failure of Gold 2’s mission I’m sorry but it was an excessive loss.

It’s a wishful thinking and it seems like it would have been realistically cut off…

“To be honest.”

[…as it were?]

I rubbed my chin.

“I think it will benefit me.”

[?!]

Think about it.

Check the attribute draw level up status window. How well I used the system sucking it to its core.

The problem was that they suddenly told me to become an idol using someone else’s body but if I failed I would break down.

‘Actually this is a cheat key.’

[brother?]

But now look.

Growing a company? It is consistent with my purpose.

Failure penalty? Anyway if you don’t grow your company properly it’s likely to fail.

Moreover in my experience so far the penalty for missions rather than status ailments was weak. If I don’t debut it won’t be at the same level as it was.

and…

“No matter how much I think about it I don’t think I’ll fail.”

It’s just one mission.

[Huh?]

Well okay. decided.

I thought it would be a bit difficult to figure out when this new company could be raised to the level of Testa.

I nodded.

When considering everything there is no need to take shortcuts.

Still should I just check one last time?

I asked Big Moon.

‘Does this look dangerous to you?’

[…This item doesn’t feel threatening but this situation is just scary! It’s so scary!]

[I feel like my brother is sacrificing himself for Heeseung?!]

That’s enough. It’s because of my mood.

[!?]

‘The system is now my item?’

good. I’ll put it to good use since I collected the fragments while escaping from the collapsing building and going through all the hardships of changing bodies.

I immediately brought up the pop-up again.

[‘Item\: ■■■ (ver. Beta)’

Do you want to cancel use?]

‘no.’

That moment.

Holographic fireworks exploded.

Light burst out beyond the pop-up where the large moon exclaimed.

[‘Item\: ■■■ (ver. Beta)’ confirmed to be used!]

-‘■■■’ is now for company use!

A translucent hologram begins to take shape.

A border is created and color is added…

The finished product looks like a fairly decent mobile game window.

At the end of the scene that seems to be evolving a flashing pop-up appears at the top.

[Create mission (NEW!)]

Mission\: &lt;Stars Orbit Entertainment&gt; Achieve B-grade

-Let’s raise the target’s level to retrieve ‘Fragments of ■■■’.

hmm?

The moment I wondered what raising the company’s rating had to do with absorbing debris a help message appeared at the bottom.

[Tips\: As &lt;Stars Orbit Entertainment&gt;’s level increases the owner’s control becomes stronger.]

[Try to dominate the ‘Fragments of ███ with strong control!]

oh.

So… I used the system for the company so the more the company grows the more control I have over the system. Is it possible to bring other fragments like that?

Heeseung Kwon’s ‘wish’ and my purpose were well mixed. It’s okay.

but…

[Remaining period\: D-100]

-In case of failure ■■■ loss of ownership

“…”

I have no conscience for once.

I don’t like the penalty for failure because the explanation is vague. I don’t know exactly what’s going on.

[then!! Try canceling it now bro!]

What should I try?

[※Cancellation is not possible during a mission!]

‘They say so.’

[Ughhhhh…]

I left the Big Moon pop-up alone and now brought up the status window.

[Company Name\: Stars Orbit]

Awareness\: C+

Grade\: (-)

Revenue\: (-)

Owned artists\: Testa (★★★★★) Mirinae (★★★★) Spacer (★★★)…

Overall rating\: D+

Now it clicks.

The click was… &lt;View Details&gt;.

[Detailed overall review\: A new agency with promising artists! But there is no result yet…

Let’s make money through artist activities!]

[‘Function\: Album’ unlocked!]

[‘Function\: Postponement’ disabled!]

[‘Function\: Entertainment’ unlocked!]

The hologram exploded and new buttons flashed.

‘It’s a mess.’

There seems to be quite a lot that can be checked.

I chuckled and looked through the list.

‘Acting and entertainment came first.’

Anyway there is one thing that is most urgent right now.

‘Official album promotion.’

If it is a standard group activity period everyone should push for what comes to mind that is universally applicable.

‘You have to hit the first stroke properly.’

You need to make a quick and accurate comeback and make a strong survival report.

And when it comes to priorities for growing a company… the most impactful group should be recognized first. Who could it be?

‘Of course it’s Testa.’

Starting from the 1st team.

I said shrugging my shoulders.

“With album function.”

The window changed immediately. It is a neat input window.

[album]

Manpower\: (-)

Capital\: (-)

period \: (-)

*Start production ← Click!

[Tips\: The higher the star rating the higher the chance of good effects during production!]

What is this again?

‘Does it automatically create an album?’

I wouldn’t say that because it would really be a scam but it would be a huge benefit if they at least subsidized it.

I first clicked on the People tab. Then the company employees came out all the time.

In card form.

“…!”

[Kim Na-jin (★★★) – AR Team]

[Kim Seo-won (★★★★) – AR Team]

[Na Se-joong (★★★★) – AR Team]

[Jinwoong Park (★★)- AR Team]

…

It’s spectacular.

It seems that if you click on the card you can check the genres with strong and weak speed characteristics but I skipped it for now and looked for the advanced level.

But there wasn’t much. Of course there was a lot of people in the AR team but there weren’t that many people in the AR team to begin with.

‘Well if you’re really talented there’s a high chance that you’ll be working in a separate team.’

Because that will make more money.

There was a ‘Request External Workforce’ button at the bottom so click that…

Oh that one.

[Kim Rae-bin (★★★★★) – Testa]

“…”

‘I will take Kim Rae-bin with me forever.’

This guy was a guy I wouldn’t have regretted feeding him for six meals.

In any case the human capital period was set appropriately.

Of course this is for demonstration purposes only.

‘Anyway even if I make a trial album it’s okay if I don’t release it.’

In addition the overall UI of this system is so shaky that it’s almost impossible to ask ‘Are you sure you want to start?’ I think the same confirmation button will pop up.

So that was the moment I clicked ‘Start Production’.

Beep beep!

The button popped and a pop-up appeared.

“…?”

[※This function is not yet available.]

Reason\: Insufficient company control level

-Current dominance\: C

“…”

What else?

‘And how do you increase it?’

A friendly pop-up appeared again.

[Investment remaining until dominance (B) is achieved\: 10000000000]

I almost rubbed my eyes.

I read the units again.

But even after reading it again it didn’t change.

’10 billion.’

“…”

This kid thinks 10 billion is his dog’s name…

[Should I add Jejeje brother??]

Are you crazy?

I looked at the status window in vain.

It was then.

Ji-e-ing-

“…”

Kwon Hee-seung received a KakaoTalk message.

-older brother!

-Oh my that wish right… Should I cancel it? ㅠㅠ Did I go too far!?

“…”

It’s late.

* * *

[Tip\: ‘Company control’ refers to direct influence over the company. The higher your Dominance level the more features you unlock.

[You can increase your rank in many ways but the fastest way is through investment!]

And he is a crazy money-eating hippopotamus who demands 10 billion to raise from C to B.

‘Fuck… ’

I stumbled out of the bathroom.

That’s right. I was doing all of this alone locked in the bathroom.

“Is it resolved?”

“Okay.”

Just now in the conference room I looked into the air and called for cancellation.

But when the actual cancellation message came up I sat down on the road with a helpless look on my face.

-…?

Naturally the members seemed to have realized that it was not a disaster situation and left the place quite calmly.

I was standing guard in front of the bathroom.

“What happened?”

I thought I had received the company’s rapid growth package but a more vicious inducement was waiting for me. I guess you can summarize it like that.

I held back a sigh and said this.

“Does this company need 10 billion more right now?”

“…??”

“No um… for now. “I got something that could be helpful to our activities.”

I roughly explained the system applied to this company. The conversation flowed between those who were curious and those who were wary but in the end they agreed when I said ‘You can probably use it.’

However after this conversation Sun Ah-hyun suddenly grabbed my arm with a determined look on her face.

“It’s radish. “I’m talking about that 100…”

uh.

“If you need money I can give it to you…!”

“Thank you but that wasn’t what I was talking about.”

Don’t forget that the amount you and I both receive is similar in the first place.

But as if it was just something out of the blue people started talking about it.

“So… does this company need that much more money?”

“That’s what I asked.”

“ah! “That’s right.”

Bae Se-jin’s face brightened. And the other guys tilted their heads and whispered.

“I don’t think it’s necessary.”

“Our company has a lot of money. “I saw that number.”

“Hmm~ Did you spend a lot when you bought T1 Stars? “No we bought it because our doors were almost knocked out.”

also. It seems like there’s really no need for it.

“But why are you curious about that?”

“…If you put in 10 billion won the company will run better.”

“…??”

A rare question mark appeared on Keun Se-jin’s face meaning ‘What nonsense?’ I don’t know how to explain this current situation. I refrained from falling asleep.

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“That’s a scammer!”

no. That’s not it.

“I’m not saying I’m a fraud I’m saying I’m going to invest in the company.”

…for a moment.

I realized as I spoke.

‘yes.’

It’s not about putting 10 billion won into the system it’s about investing it in the company.

Then… 10 billion won’t evaporate anyway.

‘I guess I can make it spit out as much as I invested.’

If the album comes out well and the tour goes well.

It could be called something more than that.

My head became clear.

“…Anyway I was thinking about whether to invest in our company or not so it’s okay not to worry.”

I chuckled.

“I think if we do well we can increase in size several times.”

“OK!”

The conversation ended so refreshingly.

…But if I put in 10 billion won I’m scraping up almost all of my remaining money.

‘That’s a bit much.’

It was then.

Raebin Kim approached cautiously and whispered.

“brother. “If there’s an emergency I’ll be flexible…!”

“…Uh thank you.”

I guess I was so worried that I didn’t hear the investment story.

He’s probably the richest guy here but for some reason if I get paid by this guy I feel like I’m being betrayed.

‘Anyway… it’s reassuring.’

Even if something happens I will eat and survive.

I eventually made a choice.

‘let’s go.’

Let’s do it since we can get it back.

10 billion investment.

“hello. “Yes I have something to tell you so I’m calling…”

…

And right after the discussion with the company was over.

A pop-up really did appear.

[Investment remaining until dominance (B) is achieved\: ]

[Dominance promotion!]

‘after.’

10 billion was spent.

‘I feel like I’m going to break out in a cold sweat.’

I unconsciously pressed my eyebrows.

But… that wasn’t the end of the pop-up.

[Dominance (C) → Dominance (B)]

-Reward\: Hint Ticket (x5)

hmm?

[Help\: ‘Hints’ are various types of information that can help the company grow or help the company in times of crisis.

Get great hints with hint tickets and secure high-quality manpower and capital time!]
