---
title: "Chapter 459"
category: "book"
index: 458
section: "Chapter 459"
slug: "459"
---

# Chapter 459

When 10 billion won was given to the company the system spit out something.

‘5 hint tickets.’

And a ‘hint’ is information that is helpful to the company.

‘Then I guess I have no choice but to spit out information that will be helpful to Testa activities right now.’

Now the company’s rise and fall depends on Testa’s next successful comeback.

I was interested.

“hmm.”

I naturally sat down and clicked on the hint ticket.

Then the hologram changes and a picture of a gray machine appears. It was a familiar shape.

Roulette machine.

[※Do you want to use the hint ticket?]

‘okay.’

I remember the time when I drew a trait before.

I watched the roulette wheel with some nostalgia.

[You miss me…?]

uh. Since I didn’t die it became a memory.

[…]

Why are you freaking out when you are the one who implemented roulette with the status window?

Anyway the roulette machine which has a mixture of iron and brass colored sections sporadically turns with silver sections showing…

[Used]

-Get hints!

“…!”

Exquisitely it stopped at a silver color.

It means that it is the best grade that can be taken right now.

‘Class C.’

Let’s see the ‘I heard it and it’s true’ trait was at that level. I used it quite a bit until after my debut.

Then how much useful information do you have…

[Escape from subsidiary (C)]

-It is said that there has been a series of mass resignations of employees at T1 Ent’s subsidiaries due to some kind of recent incident.

“…”

That’s what I did.

‘Where is this fraud going?’

Since when is something that reminds you of a story you already know called a hint?

Where did you find this information?

Is this really ‘I didn’t say I would only give you information you don’t know’?

‘This fraudster… ’

Eat 10 billion won and spit out something like this?

[Calm down! Brother’s blood pressure!]

“after.”

I took a deep breath.

‘Let’s stay calm.’

This hint ticket is a bonus anyway. I uploaded something called ‘company control’ to use the system function and they gave me a ticket as a reward.

‘Let’s just pretend it wasn’t there and use it.’

I kept playing roulette.

[Petty embezzlement (E)]

[The practice room is dangerous (D)]

[Shooting hobby (D)]

There are hints.

The level E embezzlement was 1 million units. It was really useful because I just had to stab it in the auditor’s office. The D-class practice room had a protruding piece of floor so it was okay in terms of preventing injuries.

It was at a level that could be found even through routine inspection so it was a little scary but it was bearable.

But the last one was truly unbearable.

[Shooting hobby (D)]

-The leader of Stars Orbit’s representative group Testa’s hobby is shooting. If we meet at a shooting range near the company maybe we can become friends?

That’s a hobby I introduced to Ryu Cheng-wu bastard.

[Brother! Take a deep breath again!]

“after…”

I pressed my eyebrows.

And soon I realized the cause of this sense of disconnect.

‘I’m so excited.’

The problem was that Testa was already a five-star group.

If he was really the CEO of a new company it might have been useful but from the perspective of a first-tier idol who has already tried everything he can D-grade information is meaningless.

‘Is something like a roulette upgrade impossible?’

[Help\: Roulette machines for hint tickets are upgraded according to company level.]

Only after the help popped up did I nod.

okay. It’s in the early stages now. As your company level increases you will be able to get better hints.

‘Let’s just say it was a trial run.’

And without hesitation I took out every remaining hint ticket and put it into roulette.

[uh? Ticket…]

why.

[no! I thought I would save it and use it when the roulette machine is upgraded…]

What do you not know?

‘If you upgrade the roulette machine they will ask you to buy a more expensive ticket just for that.’

[…]

That’s what a real game is all about.

[I’m really sorry for picking on a mobile game…]

It’s good to be intuitive so that’s fine.

Anyway I was watching the roulette game without any expectations… Suddenly a golden four-leaf clover symbol appeared on the roulette machine.

[Lucky chance!]

“…?”

Then a colorful fanfare erupts and all the slots of the roulette turn into gold.

And then slowly the roulette stops.

[Wonder Hole’s Rookie (B)]

“…!!”

It is grade B.

And… Wonderhole agency?

‘It’s a large agency.’

I opened the explanation right away.

[Wonder Hole’s Rookie (B)]

-202X. A new male idol is finally scheduled to debut at Wonder Hall this summer.

As a large-scale project with an investment of 20 billion won over three years the new team’s unconventional plan is raising expectations within the company.

Wonder Hall. It’s a rookie male idol group from the agency of T Holic a national idol before VTIC.

I touched my chin.

‘This… is useful.’

T-holic was a very popular male idol. Testan was almost the only one that continued that lineage of popularity.

Even now aren’t they a senior idol group who are making a good living by doing their own entertainment programs?

So… a rookie with a similar line to T-Holic could be a competitor to Testa’s popular position.

‘This rookie is worth checking out.’

I came to a conclusion. And I modified my impression of the hint ticket.

I think the high level would be quite useful.

What I lacked the most was the information provided by the officials but I think I can make up for it through ‘hint tickets’.

‘You can gradually expand your information by exchanging this for a base.’

Very willing.

[and! Still I’m glad…!]

okay.

I exchanged a few more words with Geoldal who seemed more at ease and then turned off the roulette window.

With this all the work I had to do on my own while chatting with Geoldal is over.

Next is album production with the function finally unlocked.

“Now let’s start.”

“Ugh okay!”

“It’s amazing and exciting!”

I gathered the members in the living room. The living room of the dorm was empty due to the move but the table was still intact.

I posted a note above it.

What are you going to do here?

‘I’m going to share the status window.’

Producing a testa album is something that must be done as a group. Since they know the situation I think they should share it to some extent with the parties involved.

But if you don’t see the status window

‘Isn’t it enough to just visualize it?’

I started copying the ‘album production’ hologram onto a piece of paper.

Crunchy.

“…”

Raebin Kim raised his hand.

“Brother is that barbed wire by any chance?”

“It’s a card.”

“…”

what.

“Hahahaha!! Haha… ugh! I won’t laugh! I won’t laugh Mr. Moon! Wow! Since the College of Liberal Arts is good at using PPT let’s put it on the TV screen! How do you feel?”

“Yes Mundae. “That would be nice.”

“…yes.”

So after the intermediate medium was replaced with a laptop work began to be carried out more easily.

“This is the list our company currently has and the details page looks like this.”

“Oooh.”

“Five stars for Rae Lavin!”

“Raebin Kim is a genius!”

“I don’t know how the stars are awarded but I think it is an undeserved honor and I will continue to work hard in the future… Wow am I bad at composing trot songs?”

“…Isn’t it obvious?”

“Rae Ravin likes trot…”

“ah.”

That’s right. Well I went through this process.

“Park Moon-dae… did you really invest 10 billion won?”

“yes.”

“…!”

“Whew! Let’s make a 10 billion won album!”

“Oh my gosh Yujin spends all the money on the door.”

“If it goes well Moon Dae-hyung you’ll make a lot of money!”

Cha Yu-jin learns the war-type meta where he wins and pays back… and the final page where he selects and fills out the cards is like this.

[album]

[Manpower\: A]

-Kim Rae-bin (★★★★★) Kim Seo-won (★★★★) Park Jae-seok (★★★★) Park Won-ju (★★★)…

[Capital\: S]

-5000000000

[Period\: B]

-60 days

(Manpower bonus + 150%)

(Capital Bonus + 200%)

*Start production ← Click!

“Press.”

“Yes~”

And the moment I clicked the button various effects began to roll by listing like credits.

[Concept\: TBC]

[External personnel\: TBC]

[Manufacturer\: TBD]

…

[Album prediction in progress!]

Hmm it’s a prediction.

This time I wrote down the hologram on the notepad and the members nodded.

“Oh so… if this continues I’m predicting what kind of album will be released.”

“And since we haven’t finalized the concept yet I think there are a lot of things that are undecided.”

“Okay but things like this usually cost a lot of money! “That’s amazing.”

And soon the hologram flashes again.

[Prediction result completed!]

Well it’s finished like this…

“…??”

uh.

[Expected album grade\: A~B]

B?

There is no possibility of S or EX grade and B grade may come out?

Our album?

‘What kind of bullshit are you talking about?’

I don’t know but I think the first album would have gotten an A- as well.

I immediately clicked and started skimming through the details.

“…”

Sure enough there was a debuff.

[※ Promotion ↓↓]

[※ Actual quality↓]

[Help\: There are not enough external personnel to contact us! Let’s increase our network.]

Is it difficult to contact external personnel?

“…”

It’s strange.

This is an aspect that had no problems before.

‘And if I kept the working staff and something like this came up.’

It means that someone is interrupting the contact.

And that would be someone more powerful than an individual popular celebrity.

‘…enterprise.’

“Have the results come out?”

“How do you feel?”

“…”

I crossed my arms.

“Anyway… it looks like T1 didn’t just draw a line with us.”

“…what?”

“It seems like it was completely taken. “It seems like people don’t want to work with us.”

“…!”

The number of items you need to find out about right away has increased.

* * *

That evening.

Liu Chengwu said lowering his smartphone with a stern expression.

“It’s true that you can’t appear on Music Bomb.”

I thought there wouldn’t be a Tnet music show for half a year. This next thing is important.

“…There was no response at all from the T1 entertainment program.”

“after.”

also.

Instead of just a kite with a string falling off it became a kite that was being collected separately.

‘How many affiliate entertainment shows are there and do you block them all?’

To be honest I thought I would be able to participate in entertainment shows on T1-affiliated broadcasting stations.

‘It wasn’t that bad.’

I slowly understood the principles of their behavior.

Now in order to attract demand for the survival program that will be newly launched on Tnet it is best to use the Spacer line of Testa Mirinae which is meeting all the demand for that system.

But they even published an article and excitedly launched a new company right? Are people responding well?

‘I offended T1 by making a loud noise.’

It became a problem because public opinion was better than I expected.

Wouldn’t it be a good idea to vent one’s anger over the hardships one has endured due to being pressured by the political world?

T1 said ‘Orbit? It is clear that he expressed his feelings to the officials by saying “I want to punish these people.”

People in the business will also be cautious for a while.

‘Director photographer entertainment reporter… Among famous people it is rare to find someone who has never worked with T1.’

And if you plan on taking the opportunity to work with T1 in the future you will want to be a little more careful during this period.

“Then… it must be difficult for everyone to work with us…”

“I can’t help but notice. “For a while.”

“…”

Oh damn.

I shook my head.

The meeting was paused for a moment and I went out to the veranda to look through the status window.

It’s been a while since I quit but it reminds me of cigarettes.

Still the head rolled away.

‘…I have no choice but to rely on LeTi’s connections.’

Even if you fill the role of music video director and album art with that…

‘No no.’

If we completely rely on that the company itself could be reduced to the level of a label under LeTi.

‘I did this damn thing to avoid that.’

You shouldn’t just take that line.

I suppressed a sigh and flipped through the hologram again as was my habit. I was wondering if I could extract any information.

‘Information.’

It would be great if I could get some useful information for something like this with a hint ticket.

‘Don’t give me information you already know or give me a C grade.’

I sighed and scrolled through the status window.

[Escape from subsidiary (C)]

The article was skipped over.

“…”

But… wait a minute.

‘It’s strange when I think about it again.’

Why is this rated C?

Isn’t the grade too high to receive a vague hint that only tells you that employees have resigned from a subsidiary?

Except I know.

I re-read the article carefully once again.

-It is said that there has been a series of mass resignations of employees at T1 Ent’s subsidiaries due to some kind of recent incident.

“…!”

And then I realized. That there are expressions that I inadvertently overlooked in content I was familiar with.

‘The subsidiary we are talking about here… is not just one company.’

These are ‘subsidiaries’. It means multiple places.

And one more thing.

There is a crucial difference.

‘T1 Stars was no longer a subsidiary at that time.’

After our previous agency was cut off from T1 and became independent the label employees left the company as a group.

So… this is not our company’s story.

‘There is another company.’

T1’s subsidiaries whose employees left the company as a group.

I started searching right away.

I searched for news on subsidiaries owned by T1 Ent focusing on articles and social media.

Even outside of broadcasting stations and entertainment agencies there are things like film music and home shopping studios.

and…

‘game.’

I found it.

-T1 Place said that all the people at the ruined factory have quit… There will be no next work for Section 127.

└ㅠㅠㅠ

└Is it okay? Looking at the interview it seemed like he was pretending to be with T-One.

A ruined factory.

The team that produced &lt;127 Section&gt; had left the company and started anew.

“…”

I had a hunch.

‘This is it.’

I found it. External personnel to use No. 1.
