---
title: "Chapter 460"
category: "book"
index: 459
section: "Chapter 460"
slug: "460"
---

# Chapter 460

“omg! Hello testers!”

“hello!”

We entered through the open office door.

The ones who opened the door were the people who created &lt;127 Section&gt;.

It was a smaller office than when I was at T1 Place an affiliate of T1. But it was full of energy.

Enthusiastic welcomes poured in.

“I didn’t expect you to contact me like this. It’s really nice to meet you! “It seems like it’s been a long time since I last saw you…”

“Haha yes. This is my first time seeing you in person since the collaboration. Oh this is… it’s late but it’s an opening gift.”

“It’s okay… wow thank you.”

What Ryu Cheong-woo presented was a SF concept mood light brought according to the number of employees. As befits a company that is serious about this the faces of the CEOs became brighter.

‘I knew it would work.’

It was good to ignore Cha Yu-jin’s fierce opposition.

Naturally stories about past events come up.

“This reminds me of when we worked on tutorial characters together! “It was really fun because he spoke really well and made it fun.”

“Really~? “We did that too!”

The atmosphere becomes more friendly. Well I certainly didn’t blush at the time and did my job well.

There may be a reason why the meeting took place so quickly… but there may actually be a more practical reason.

I scanned the faces of the representatives.

‘Contact management.’

Didn’t they kick T1 out with their own feet?

Even though these people have great guts it doesn’t mean that you don’t have to worry about them at all. Because we are in close contact with large corporations.

Even though T1 is not that big of a deal in the gaming world its impact on the overall cultural industry platform has been significant.

‘There must be some pressure to start over from scratch as a startup.’

However if a proven star marketer who has had great promotional results requests a meeting I will accept it.

‘I’m even curious if our situations are similar.’

It looks like our side has kicked T1 and even left the company once more. This means that there is nothing strange about being misunderstood as a ‘comrade’.

I came for that.

We chatted a few words and moved to what appeared to be a conference room and sat down. There were game posters and drawing figures everywhere.

‘There is also a &lt;127 Section&gt; character.’

Since there will be no copyright anymore… I guess this was done out of affection rather than boasting about the company.

I kept looking and finally saw a poster of an unfamiliar character on the wall. This is a character dressed in a train engineer’s uniform holding a bizarre flesh weapon in his hand.

‘This… ’

It was not in the portfolio of the representatives of this company. good.

“Is this a game character too?”

“Oh yes!”

“I think it looks really cool.”

“Really? “It’s Mr. Mundae’s taste!”

Raebin Kim looked at the poster with eyes full of curiosity.

“Is this a new game by any chance?”

“This is the representative image character for the new game we are currently developing. However the launch schedule is quite late…”

“When will you be there?”

“The plan is… well around the end of next year.”

It was so far away.

‘Besides you don’t talk about the exact quarters.’

This meant that development was not progressing very smoothly and tightly.

It’s ambiguous.

There is talk that it may be pushed back to the next year.

‘hmm.’

I smiled inwardly.

And I checked the poster carefully again.

It’s a bit bizarre but has a modern feel. The quality was good so it felt like it still knew how to keep the line.

“So I think the official promotion will probably start around summer next year. “It’s a story about the train to the underworld…”

The male representative seemed to think we were interested and started with the story with his eyes shining.

Wow.

‘It probably means that it would be nice for Testa to promote or collaborate again at that time.’

They are definitely a bit clumsy when it comes to sales.

I looked away slightly while listening. Likewise Keun Se-jin is nodding to the CEO as if he is really interested.

But I remembered.

When the production team of &lt;127 Section&gt; announced to the members that they had found a newly established company called ‘Ruins Industrial Complex’.

This guy’s reaction.

-Wow… I found it because it was a gate really! But you don’t want to do game collaboration again do you?

This means that you will be acknowledged for finding it but you should abandon any thoughts of collaboration.

Of course I also remembered my reaction to that.

-Of course not.

That’s not what we need.

“Actually listening to what you said it’s still a ruined factory… no the game made by the industrial complex people seems to be wonderfully unique and fun.”

“…! Ah thank you.”

“So I have something to tell you.”

I moved on to the main topic.

The reason I came here.

“I would like to make a request. “Can you make a game for us?”

We will make a real game not a game collaboration.

“…!”

The representatives’ eyes widened.

And I seemed to be checking other people’s expressions to see if I was joking.

But unfortunately none of the other members were surprised.

Instead Liu Chengwu simply said this.

“Well the scenario is all ready.”

“…”

The representatives looked among themselves and then opened their mouths\:

“It usually takes a very long time to develop one game. Even if there is a scenario writing the original graphic UI code and implementing it is a different story… it requires complicated steps.”

A plus is the attitude of kindly trying to explain things from a public perspective instead of an outsider yelling at you saying something crazy.

‘After all it would be nice to work together.’

I smiled on the inside and nodded seriously on the outside.

“Of course we are not shameless enough to take up a lot of time from the people in the abandoned industrial complex.”

“yes?”

“Actually I’m not talking about the type of game you were originally developing…”

I continued my explanation.

A type of game content that would not be awkward to include in the Venn diagram of the existing idol business.

That much… the volume is small and special.

‘This is definitely possible within time.’

All we have to do is roll around like dogs. All we have to do is squeeze out our workforce.

And the more they spoke the more the representatives’ expressions changed.

That was definitely interesting.

“Ah~ That’s…”

Well that’s it.

* * *

“Thank you~”

After several explanations and meetings.

The contracts were completed smoothly.

Liu Chengwu said brightly as he sent the signed contract to the company.

“This is convenient because we have the authority.”

“okay! “It’s definitely true that you don’t have to listen to nonsense!”

Bae Se-jin agreed and turned his head with a rare excited expression.

“This is it. Are you predicting that album again? Aren’t you going to try that?”

“yes.”

I guess so.

At that time a word suddenly intervened.

“Oh one before Mundaemundae! “I’m sure you’ve all heard this but just one more time.”

Big Sejin smiled.

“We will not say things like we are directors of a company for no reason whether on broadcast or anywhere else!”

“hmm?”

“Don’t talk about why we have contract rights or anything like that just like before ‘We produce the album!’ “That’s enough!”

Um yeah.

This was important.

If you don’t want to be held accountable when the company does something stupid it’s a line that needs to be cut early.

It was even more important once we became independent. Because there is a greater risk of people equating us with this company.

How much criticism did T1 receive? There is no guarantee that Orbit will not follow in that footsteps.

…Sometimes we make choices that are criticized due to circumstances unknown to the outside world.

therefore.

‘It doesn’t matter if I don’t benefit from the image of the company director.’

The image you can have as an idol is enough.

“Ugh okay!”

“Um… okay.”

“Good~”

Some people seemed to agree with this while others didn’t know if it was necessary to go that far but everyone agreed anyway.

And then after entering the company conference room.

“Hmm I’m sure you’re tired too… Do you want to do your album predictions after you go to your dorm and rest…?”

“Well it’s okay to do it now.”

Because I’m not particularly using my stamina.

I just connected my laptop to the conference room screen and started typing the album creation hologram.

‘Anyone from the company can come in here so let’s cover the human resources part… ’

Everything else was well filled.

[album]

[Manpower\: A]

-Raebin Kim (★★★★★) Kim**(★★★★) Park**(★★★★) Park**(★★★)…

[Capital\: S]

-5000000000

[Period\: B]

-60 days

(Manpower bonus + 150%)

(Capital Bonus + 200%)

*Start production ← Click!

Everything seemed almost the same.

Both manpower and period.

However there is something else after the ‘human resources part’ omitted by the ellipsis.

‘External personnel.’

I thought of the external personnel invited for the contract with this ‘Ruined Industrial Complex’.

And based on that the direction of the album project we created.

-T1 is blocking us… We won’t reveal that critical weakness at all.

…if it continues like that.

‘It will definitely make an impressive album.’

I pressed the ‘Start Production’ button.

The effects credits started rolling out.

[External personnel\: Setting up]

[Plus effect occurs!]

Moreover surprisingly if you use this method companies that produce physical albums do not have to compete for first or second place in the industry like before.

‘It doesn’t matter if T1 interferes.’

[Manufacturer\: Setting]

[Offset the negative effects!]

‘The concept… has also been decided.’

[Concept\: Game]

[Plus effect occurs!]

It’s not just the game but it seems to be integrated into it. It doesn’t matter.

‘What’s important is that it worked.’

The letters splashed brightly.

[Plus effect]

External Workforce\: A New Try

-Promotion ↑↑

Concept\: Premonition of immersion

-Quality ↑

[Prediction result completed!]

I read every word without taking my eyes off it.

And finally the moment when the grade appears.

“…”

I clenched my fists.

[Expected album grade\: S+ ~ A+]

yes.

“…Let’s produce it.”

* * *

A few weeks later.

It was a day when it started to get warm.

-Crazy Testa comeback!

-Huh?

-How can this happen so quickly?

The idol gossip bulletin board was agitated by the sudden news of Testa’s ‘album reservation notice’.

This is because less than a month had passed since Testa moved to another company.

How is this possible?

It was quickly revealed.

-Repackage.

-omg!

Repackage.

It refers to a new album that is released by adding only one or two songs from the previous album.

In fact Testa originally planned to make a new mini album or single album. This was in accordance with the argument of some members who said ‘If possible let’s not offend T1 any further.’

However the situation changed after T1’s modification was revealed.

‘I got filmed anyway.’

Thanks to this they confidently decided to take the previous songs and concepts and write them!

But people got more excited.

I changed companies but I can bring my previous album and release it!

-That crazy company T-One Stars acquired all the copyrights right? LOL That’s awesome so it’s possible LOL.

-And Testa’s big picture…

-Orbit Loyalty Loyalty

-I’m about to cryㅠㅠㅠ

An album with a former teen concept that was only active for two weeks and couldn’t even hold a proper concert is back!

Fans were planning to make reservations eagerly considering it was the comeback season and all.

-Please make money.

-When will it open?

And that was the same for Park Moon-dae’s first home game.

Homma grabbed the smartphone as if tearing it apart.

‘I was making money for this day… ’

She had big plans. Even if it is impossible to attend the fan signing event completely I have a desire to attend at least half of it…

However in order to become a force for the new start of the university pre-order sales for this album had to be good!

‘Ahh… I’m sure I won’t be able to attend Music Bomb.’

Light fans don’t know anything about the T1 escape or anything but she knew.

It was not a good sign for activities to be cut off from the broadcasting station or the broadcasting station from which one was born.

‘This activity is really really important!’

I’m sure a smart college student would know this but I was a little concerned that I had to show up in such a hurry… So the grades are better! It’s only about grades!

She nodded.

At that moment an SNS pop-up appeared on my smartphone.

“…!”

‘Testa company official account…!’

This is clearly an album sales announcement. She clicked hastily.

And I quickly recalled the information I knew beforehand.

This album has 3 types and…

-Is the company crazy to produce only 1000 units of the 3-piece set with special benefits?

The article said that there was a ‘limited set’ that sold only 1000 pieces.

Although it received favorable reviews with a friendly notice that ‘it will be produced as a regular MD in the future’…it did not tell us exactly what the components were so it was criticized for not looking at it.

‘…It seemed like he had become very wealthy.’

And its identity is now known.

She read the SNS post in an instant and was so surprised that her eyes almost popped out.

“…board game?”

And at midnight on the same day.

In the teaser for Testa’s new song released.

[Umm…]

Seven people in comfortable civilian clothes sitting together in a dark attic room covered in blankets and lit by fairy lights.

This is a teen concept tester that appeared in the previous album concept.

They were sitting around on the floor of the attic.

Put the board game in the center.

-Let’s start

A melee begins

The dice rolled.
