---
title: "Chapter 461"
category: "book"
index: 460
section: "Chapter 461"
slug: "461"
---

# Chapter 461

-Crazy board game;;;;

Fans’ SNS timelines began to explode with news of Testa’s limited edition board game album.

The reaction became even stronger when people compared the images and said that the board game seemed to have the same appearance as the one that appeared in the teaser.

-I guess they really used it as a music video prop.

-Is it a game structure that uses a poker app? I don’t know what it will feel like. Will there be a Testa world view?

-I know how to sell it really haha.

-Wow I really need to have this.

It was mainly excitement and anticipation but not necessarily in a good way.

This was because of the limited number.

Even if a regular edition is released in the future it will definitely be different in composition from the limited edition.

-Just 1000?

What group sells millions of albums?

-Don’t you think about Play Me? Wow the salesman will be really popular.

-How can I buy this?

-The agency can’t let go of T1’s actions.

-I wonder if someone is from a label under that label.

Thanks to this Testa’s new agency Orbit Entertainment finally began to receive criticism.

In fact it was impossible to meet the production schedule to make tens of thousands of units because they were rushed to produce according to the schedule.

However there was a feeling that this negative reaction was intentionally neglected to some extent.

This was to calm down the atmosphere of excessive deification of the label in advance.

This is because it is a burdensome task for both the new company and the group.

And anyway if the composition of the regular edition was almost the same as the limited edition it was a complaint that would soon subside.

Moreover because the comeback Testa itself came first fans couldn’t just focus on criticizing the agency.

For example something like this.

-Oh the album is USB type.

Testa’s album released this time was not a CD but a USB.

It is also a standalone composition.

It ended with a simple composition of only an album USB a recycled paper box and a photo card.

-I think we will continue to make USB products in the future due to environmental issues.

-Honestly as album sales are overheating a lot of trash is coming out ㅇㅇ

However not being able to receive the photos and lyric book in person made people feel strangely disappointed.

In an era where online streaming has become a trend the reason to buy an album is because the physical possession is more meaningful.

Moreover the small number of components felt somewhat shabby.

The USB may contain photos and lyrics as data but the fact that you can’t hold it in your hand makes you feel somewhat cold.

-Well 3 types via USB…

-I wish you could show me what the USB looks like.

-I wish it was a doll or something.

-No they don’t really tell you anything but they take reservations first. Maybe they should at least release some concept photos haha.

The quality of the teaser was good and the voice was relatively quiet thanks to the enthusiasm for the concept of continuing the teen concept of the previous album which ended unfortunately.

But it was definitely there. The strangely depressing atmosphere created by voices of dissatisfaction.

‘under… ’

In the end fans who cared about it deliberately tried to find something better.

Part of the effort was to find special content that is not usually included in CD albums on Testa’s album reservation product page and to spread the word about it.

-I heard that this album includes an extended MV version. Since it is in USB format I think I tried it at a large volume. I’m already looking forward to it.

-There is a warning regarding the QR code reader! I think there’s something to read through QR. I think I prepared a lot.

But that was the end.

No more specific information about the album has been released even as the comeback date approaches.

‘What are you thinking??’

Thanks to this even the first home horse at the University of Munich had me tearing out my fingernails.

Although the concept photo was released once it was a comfortable teen concept similar to the previous teaser.

This means that it was decent and pretty but had nothing special.

It felt too similar to the last album.

Compared to ‘Promise’ which was like a ‘Better me’ movie with a 30-minute teaser and a cinematic trailer…

‘It’s only a one-time teaser and the composition of the USB album is simple… ’

It was inevitable that the scary word ‘cost-effectiveness’ would pass through her mind.

-I could never have imagined being treated like this at a new company.

-The back of my head is tingling~~~What did you do with the dark dampness? After all it was a dark dampness that only works on Seombyul.

-Sambyeol is now active for a week and going on tour?

-Don’t you think this title will be somewhat similar to the previous title Pose? But now it’s worse

Amidst the whirlpool beneath the water.

As anxiety agony excitement and anticipation intertwined the fateful day finally arrived.

Midnight on the day of Testa’s first comeback under the new company.

Finally the MV… came out.

“…under.”

[TeSTAR ‘Roll the Dice’ Official MV]

Homma took a deep breath.

The title is Dice but the thumbnail also had Dice…

How far will you go?

‘Is this really a board game concept? I’m worried that it’s gotten to this point and I feel like I’m going crazy…… No!’

Homma shook off useless thoughts and clicked on the MV with trembling hands.

Then…

“uh?”

What appeared on the screen was… a wooden floor. It was the floor of the attic that appeared in the teaser just before.

But Testa who was sitting there at that time is not there. It wasn’t them that was focused.

It’s a board game board.

There are tokens and cards scattered on it.

However the impression was a bit different from when it first appeared in the teaser.

I thought it was the typical plot of dividing the space and moving forward by picking up the ground.

But looking at it this way… it’s more elaborate than that and it feels like a realistic drawing of a building…

‘…prison? maze?’

That moment.

The camera was sucked into it.

[You have my dice]

A low voice echoed through the black field of vision.

And the screen came back again.

-Doong…!

A long row of hallways.

The place built with gray stones with different contrast ratios seemed like part of a huge underground dungeon.

The huge rusty nameplate on the floor was briefly captured on camera.

-Keep It Safe

And the camera moves forward.

Tap tap tap.

You can hear the sound of footsteps and see iron doors lined up on both sides. It’s like someone’s vision.

‘Are you a jailer?’

Then the camera leaves again.

Hwiik.

The camera penetrated into an iron door on the left and immediately approached Inyoung who was sitting on the floor.

The person was wearing a white costume with a harness a stage costume reminiscent of a straitjacket or prison uniform.

And the moment Homma saw the slightly lowered figure he recognized it immediately.

Closed eyes… Park Moon-dae with black hair.

‘Hmph…!’

Because her bangs were a little long her eyes were slightly obscured.

The moment of close-up of that white face.

-Pipipipipipipipipi…

I started hearing small noises from somewhere.

A noise that appears when a machine detects something or operates.

Then Park Mun-dae raised his hand with his eyes closed.

And hit it somewhere.

puck.

With a screen showing a surveillance camera exploding in the air.

The music explodes.

[Touch your hand

My tape is cold again]

A refreshing mid-range sound that is refreshing.

And the screen also soared upwards and eventually it went up through the dark secret room and went to an upper level somewhere.

And there a ray of light shone from the iron cage with the ceiling grid.

The tempo rises.

[The moment my heart beats

All my senses are slow]

In that beam of light someone sneakily came down with a rope attached to the end of the torn-off iron cage.

This is Liu Chengwu wearing a tight leather suit.

widely.

A slightly mischievous smile appeared on his face as he landed.

The drum beat is mixed in and the bass rushes heavily along with a slightly more rocking sound.

[Exciting contact

In your silent eyes

[Finding a clear answer]

As Liu Chengwu puts his hand to his ear the cut changes to someone doing the same thing.

It was Kim Rae-bin wearing glasses.

[There is only one choice

Yes take it all (one more)

[Even if I lose this tightly held hand]

Raebin Kim who was sitting in front of a dark monitor room looked like a hacker or an employee.

However he soon turned his head with an expressionless expression as if he had no idea then took an awl out of his pocket and smashed the monitor.

Just before the monitor crackles and turns off.

Cha Yu-jin dressed in a straitjacket amid distorted viewing angles looked at the camera and smiled with her fangs showing.

And then the monitor turns off and there is silence.

[Let’s Start the melee]

The pre-chorus exploded with a low-pitched melody.

[Find it and look at its face

I don’t care what’s next]

The cuts of each tester running through a gray hallway a secret room a maze a monitoring room and other unknown conceptual locations are connected without a break.

[Chaser today too

[Don’t stop your hands]

It looks great but at the moment when the incredible cut transitions that make it impossible to tell how many cuts were taken are repeated someone’s hand blocks it.

It was a hand wearing cotton gloves.

[Find out everything

Don’t be scared what’s next]

The owner of the hand was Lee Se-jin.

Lee Se-jin wearing a navy blue uniform was drinking coffee and smiling.

Then he turned his head to look at the broken monitor took the key and left the monitor room humming.

[Chaser tomorrow too

[Don’t end the twist]

And the refrain.

[Just roll the dice]

Dance break.

The costumes and background changed naturally like a cross-edited video of stages.

From white prison uniforms to county office uniforms and then back to leather suits.

“and.”

I wonder how many shots I took of this… No it seemed like it must have been more exciting than running around but I’m sorry to say that it was more thrilling than that but it was enough to make my heart pound.

Homma swallowed his saliva and continued watching the video.

[Trust take my side]

In the second verse after the chorus the story and choreography were appropriately mixed and the video returned to its original KPOP feel.

A performance video full of symbols but powerful.

However I was able to understand the story in quite detail thanks to the beginning.

‘Let’s see… Moon Dae and Cha Yu-jin um prisoners? It’s the same thing. Ravin and Cheongwoo are phantom thieves. And is Keun Se-jin the jailer?’

However although Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun appeared in the performance in various outfits they were just about to tilt their heads and say that they were not sure about their specific roles.

[Okay this Final round]

It was when the bridge melody was flowing.

Suddenly the screen changes from a fast tempo to a long take.

…widely.

What is reflected is the back of someone standing in front of a huge iron door.

The camera soon rotated halfway to reveal its identity.

It was Bae Se-jin.

‘Ah it was a phantom thief!’

He was dressed similarly to Liu Chengwu. That was when Homma nodded.

-…

Bae Se-jin calmly looked at the iron door and reached for the lock pad next to it.

There was a strange mechanical device that looked like a key and I wondered if there was a close-up of its leather gloved hand.

Ugh.

Suddenly the hand changed several times trembling between a cotton gloved hand and a wounded hand.

“…!”

But soon he returned with gloved hands.

And the moment I connected the key to the lock pad a code entry field appeared on the machine.

[_____]

‘oh!’

Bae Se-jin seemed to be smiling faintly but…

-puck!

The screen disappeared with a hitting sound.

“…??”

[Just roll the dice

[Trust take my side]

There was no next time.

In an instant another dazzling performance video followed.

Despite being captivated by it Homma still had question marks lingering in her mind… but eventually gave in to the performance.

‘I’m sure there will be a treat in the end…!’

That’s right. The hint was given right when the song ended. But not in the way she expected.

On the screen that turned black something else appeared instead of Bae Se-jin’s whereabouts.

It was a close-up shot of a beautiful face.

“…?”

That was… blonde-haired Sun Ah-hyun wearing a navy blue uniform.

He looked straight into the camera and pursed his lips.

-… Choose your side.

The soft sound of string instruments began to flow.

As the screen slowly closed from top to bottom to black Sun Ah-hyun slowly turned her head and began to walk down the hallway.

It was the gray hallway we first entered.

The black baton waved slightly from Sun Ah-hyeon’s waist.

Looks good for subduing someone.

“…”

Black screen.

Until only the sound of military boots stands out clearly among the soft string instruments.

-Tuk knock knock…

And a letter comes to mind.

[Roll the Dice]

~Please enter the code

The last thing that appears is a blinking black box.

This is what appeared when Bae Se-jin accessed the lock pad in the music video.

and…

“…under!”

Homma let out the breath she had been holding.

crazy!

‘I was worried for no reason!’

The quality was like a movie! Although it is a bit different from existing music videos this will definitely get a response.

‘Foreigners’ reactions will explode… ’

It was already expected.

‘The world view was a bit… grandiose.’

It was like a new world view! There was a bit too much force so it felt like some kind of drama fan music video.

‘Is the board game that worldview? ‘Do you understand if I do that?’

It was when she was thinking hard.

Suddenly personal messages poured in on social media.

‘what?’

I thought it was just DuckTalk so I clicked on it.

-The album product page popped up and it was the key from the crazy ㅅㅂ music video.

“…??”

-The key in the kids’ music video is the album USB!!

“…Uh huh??”

She opened her mouth and screamed.

‘Aaaah!!’

And the next day.

‘hurry! hurry!’

She frantically opened the album she had received.

So while being as careful as possible I hurriedly disconnected the USB which was a music video prop and connected it to the computer and tried to access the folder.

because…

‘You made it so meaningful!’

There was definitely something in the MV expansion! I had to see it!

‘Just click on the video like this!’

I could see the MV extended version…

“…!!”

However it was not the video player that welcomed her.

[Do you want to allow the TeSTAR – Roll the Dice MV Expansion (Playable) app to change devices?]

App?

At that moment she realized.

“…”

‘Playable.’

game.

The MV expansion version was… a game!
