---
title: "Chapter 462"
category: "book"
index: 461
section: "Chapter 462"
slug: "462"
---

# Chapter 462

‘crazy.’

Homma couldn’t even breathe properly as she waited for the game to be installed.

Originally it was a national rule for modern people to briefly use KakaoTalk or surf the SNS web on their smartphones while installing apps but I just didn’t have the spirit to do that.

‘How and when did they make something like this?’ There was no time to ask questions or analyze things like that. My heart was pounding like tension just from excitement and overwhelming anticipation.

And after a while.

[Installation is complete.]

-Run immediately ( )

She checked the box without hesitation.

Then the screen turns black and the logo passes by.

[Ruin Factory Area]

-Stars Orbit

And the title appears as the modified Testa logo reminiscent of a corporate or industrial accident moves down from the top.

[Roll the Dice]

~please enter the code

Flowing softly is the main melody of this slightly eerie and modern remixed title song.

In the back a dark floor a board game board and dice are projected.

It was perfect quality.

“Wow.”

Is it this serious?

Homma felt joy that was almost embarrassing but at the same time she also felt secretly worried.

‘But I don’t know much about games… ’

I thought it was just fan service at best but it turned out like this so I was a little hesitant about whether I could really enjoy it.

She didn’t know much about the unwritten rules of the game and didn’t know much about the controls. &lt;127 Section&gt; was also a mobile game so I only roughly enjoyed it.

And since there are people who dislike games I thought there would be differences in likes and dislikes.

‘Hmm.’

Of course the built-up expectations trumped everything. There is no time to hesitate!

“let’s go!”

She bravely pressed ‘New game’!

Then the letters disappeared as if they were being sucked in and the dice rolled…

Short loading.

And… the screen became brighter.

[2025. 06. 01.]

[PM 07\:03]

-Yoohoo!

A sports car speeding down a road at sunset filled the computer screen.

“…??”

What is this?

Even the people in the sports car are seeing it for the first time.

There was a man and a woman wearing sunglasses but the man didn’t look like Testa at all.

It’s a game character so how can you be sure…

‘It’s live action?’

Because it wasn’t graphics!

-♩♪♬♬~ ♪♪♬~

The sports car racing to exciting music was connected like a scene from a movie.

It was a moment when she could have misunderstood whether a defective product had been delivered by mistake but she already knew that it was not the case.

‘This… is a pose.’

The song playing in the sports car was Testa’s new song ‘Pose’. A cheerful dance song suitable for driving played as BGM.

‘This is the Testa app.’

So she decided to wait a while.

The sports car on the screen continued to drive down a mountain road dyed red by the setting sun.

And soon something strange appeared.

The road is blocked.

“…?”

A huge yellow and black barricade and flashing emergency lights were located in the middle of the road.

-What?

The music decreases.

And then someone approached the stopped sports car.

He is a tall man.

-Wait a minute teacher.

“omg.”

It was Lee Se-jin!

Lee Se-jin neatly dressed in a police uniform smiled and tilted his head toward the sports car.

The woman sitting in the driver’s seat was waving her arms mischievously.

-Why are you doing that?

-Oh the road in front of here is closed to traffic right now. Sorry but please turn around and use the main road.

-Where is the main road right away? I have to go back for another 30 minutes so let’s at least listen to my reasons.

-I’d like to but it’s difficult to explain in detail because I’m carrying out official duties. Please.

Lee Se-jin smiled speaking softly and kindly.

‘handsome… ’

The hair that exposed the forehead looked amazing.

However the woman sitting in the driver’s seat seemed to be the type of person who was truly faithful to her lover so she didn’t seem to be tempted by Lee Se-jin.

Instead the camera meaningfully captures him continuing to look at Lee Se-jin with strange eyes.

-…

-Teacher can you give me my car back?

A strange tension rose.

The BGM has changed.

‘What is it?’

-The police teacher is very young.

-Ah I’ve been assigned this time. haha.

-is it so?

-yes. I know it will be inconvenient but please ask.

However Lee Se-jin smiled until the end and slightly bowed her head.

However the tense BGM and strangely loud footsteps did not end.

Tap tap tap.

“…”

And after Lee Se-jin entered the guard post under the red sunset light.

Boom.

The sports car turned around and started to leave the scene.

‘phew.’

Strangely it was when Homma breathed a sigh of relief.

The quiet man in the passenger seat broke the silence and opened his mouth.

-uh? Isn’t this the main road?

‘uh??’

-Uh when you get back from here you’ll be reconnected to the temple right away honey.

-what?

-We’re going to take the road that bastard blocked.

yes??

And as if representing Homma’s feelings the man in the passenger seat was also astonished.

-Why are you going in there? He said his police stopped him.

-police?

The driver snorted.

-Have you ever seen a police officer saying something sarcastic when he sees a speeding sports car?

-what?

-And look. That’s the thing that blocked the road.

As the man in the passenger seat turned his head the view on the screen also changed.

barricade.

It was once again slowly captured on the screen and Lee Se-jin’s smiling subordinates intersected like a flashback.

The voice of the woman in the driver’s seat rang out.

-Those barricades are from the police. It’s cheap.

-…!!

-I don’t think that bastard is a police officer.

-ah…

-Look at how young he is. Where is the youtuber? BJ? Isn’t that kind of guy kidding? Hide the camera.

It was that moment.

The bottom of the sports car’s field of view became slightly translucent and black and something appeared on the screen.

▶[It could be so. -tenderloin]

▶[How can you be sure of that? -boundary]

It was a choice!

‘yes. Because it’s a game there are choices.’

It’s a bit unfamiliar but I thought I could just pick something that appeals to me.

however…

[00\:10\:00]

There is a time limit!

’10 seconds?!’

She was taken aback but soon decided to go down for some reason.

-How can you be sure of that?

It felt like something out of a movie cliché.

Isn’t it common knowledge that if you dare to enter a blocked area bad events will inevitably begin?

‘Sejin said don’t come!’

Then don’t go in! Why go! Does it matter if they are real police?

‘Even if you’re an idol listen to me!’

No I don’t know why I’m choosing the positions of these people who aren’t even testers in the first place… Let’s make a choice in a hurry under the pressure of the time limit.

-Oh you don’t believe me.

The person behind the wheel is angry!

[The other person is displeased.]

“Ugh.”

For a moment was choosing the above answer and comforting you the right answer?

She was confused but progress did not stop.

-That’s not it…

-Then just watch. I’ll be right on time for our flight.

The person in the driver’s seat said that and started to speed away turning the sports car roughly with one hand.

The camera pans away to show the sports car forcing its way onto a side road onto a side road blocked by a ‘no passing’ sign.

And I catch the gloom of the darkened mountains…

“…”

She swallowed her saliva and watched the scene like she was watching a thriller movie.

And after a while.

-That’s random.

A sports car driving down a dark mountain road with its lights on ended up passing in front of an old building that suddenly appeared.

It was a gray building that looked like it was roughly made of concrete.

Although it was large there was no sign of anyone.

-factory? no?

-Oh I see.

-It’s a bit unusual to be in the mountains.

And in slow motion I thought I was slowly scanning the exterior of the building through the perspective of a sports car passenger…

Grab one of the embossed patterns on the outside.

[KIS]

Homma also came to mind.

‘I think it was in the music video?’

right. Those were the initials on the floor of that gray hallway.

Could it be that these people are entering that prison as a player?

‘Yes it could be because the field of view is now in the first person view of these people.’

It was a time when she was making her own guess.

-Oh that’s…

That moment.

thud.

The sports car overturned.

“…?!”

uh?

And then it exploded.

– Puff puff puff puff!!

The screen which rotated like crazy bounced and rolled on the floor.

‘Ugh!!’

crazy!

Homma screamed without realizing it. The camera’s view seemed to focus on a staggering half-wrecked sports car… and soon a hand was seen groping the floor.

And a choice appeared.

▶[Hold the smartphone.]

▶[Call a passenger.]

This… this!

‘There’s no point in calling a passenger! It’s a smartphone!’

Calling out doesn’t mean the injured person will get better so you need to take productive action first!

She quickly pressed her stomach.

Then happily the hand that was groping the floor found the smartphone!

‘yeah!’

The moment when she was inadvertently immersed and tried to cheer on the hand that pressed 911.

-Ahh!!

It turned out that the smartphone was broken.

“Ugh.”

There is no answer to this?

Homma was in a cold sweat thinking he had made a mistake and was contemplating restarting the game.

I heard a voice.

-Are you okay there?!

As the screen rotated as if I had turned my head I saw a tall figure in a police uniform approaching in a hurry.

It was Lee Se-jin who came running.

-wait a minute!

‘Uh huh? what?’

It was a moment of confusion as I didn’t know what was going on.

Lee Se-jin approached and immediately held out his hand.

-Give that to me.

He gently took the smartphone out of the way and shrugged his shoulders.

He then shot the tranquilizer gun while making eye contact with the player.

“…?!”

For a moment the screen became blurry due to lack of visibility.

Silence.

-…

The screen that reappeared after a short gap was behind Lee Se-jin’s shoulder.

It seemed like he was picked up and carried by Lee Se-jin.

“…??”

While the situation is still not understood.

Sejin Lee’s voice was heard.

-Ah~ It works every time. Every time.

And the screen moved again.

Red frame dented iron body and smoke.

The player… is pushed back into the wrecked sports car!

“Huh?!”

-How nice it is that you break the rules on your own. I have no regrets because I did everything I had to do.

“…!!”

Me crazy!

And Lee Se-jin’s innocent face standing outside the sports car was seen again.

He took out a notebook and was holding it.

-Now again…

-‘No curfew sign’…‘direct notice’ ‘kindness’ ‘repetition emphasis’…

Lee Se-jin held his hat and frowned like a police officer.

-You asked for the car back right?

-Ugh…

-Yes yes. I thought you wouldn’t listen~

bang.

The sports car door closed.

And the half-wrecked red sports car began to be towed by a black vehicle.

After that Lee Se-jin’s humming in the black car rang out like background music.

-Umm~

It was a song famous among fans as a laid-back easy-listening song from Testa’s previous album.

And the subtitles appear above that creepy feeling of discomfort.

[Prologue End]

-Welcome to the KIS

Homma screamed silently.

‘what’s this!?’

* * *

Homma who was mentally exhausted was only able to press the enter button after 30 seconds and enter Chapter 1.

It was entirely because I was persuaded by Lee Se-jin’s good looks.

‘I think Moon Dae will come out very handsome… ’

In fact although I didn’t realize it the fact that the story was shocking and thrilling also played a role.

‘good!’

The game entered the main part like that but this time it was played properly from the members’ perspective.

-Would you like a ride?

A rainy fall day. Bae Se-jin who lost her wallet gets help from Ryu Cheong-woo and gets into his car to go to work.

And then he suddenly receives a proposal from Ryu Cheong-woo.

-There is something I want to steal.

-… yes?

-We need a hacker.

That’s right! Bae Se-jin was a hacker.

But then…

‘…What about Raevin?’

Were you sitting in the monitor room in the music video?

Even now wearing glasses and looking at a laptop in the backseat of my car felt exactly like that.

So Homma willingly chose the option of asking that question.

-They’re hackers too… isn’t it?

-no. Just stay strong. It’s really… strong.

“Haha.”

Kim Rae-bin who had been tilting his head in the backseat lowered his head again.

For reference even after breaking into the facility Raebin Kim made Homma happy by generously showing the side of the strongest offensive player.

In any case what Ryu Cheong-woo showed Bae Se-jin was information about a gem called ‘tutáculum’.

-Tutakulum?

-It means protective shelter in Latin. It’s like a key to access the facility where this gem is located.

He handed over a ‘key’ shaped device saying he had previously received it from a colleague and asked for analysis.

And this was treated as a flashback leading directly to a cut to infiltrating the facility!

-But I had no idea that it was such a strange protective custody facility.

And from then on it was a thrilling game of hide and seek and a series of choices…

‘Ugh.’

Homma who had already been tempted by Lee Se-jin’s spicy taste in the prologue never wanted to be caught by Lee Se-jin no matter how handsome he was…

So no matter which character I used I tried my best to never encounter a guard and made as many choices as possible.

And from this point on one more system was added.

It is a 10-sided die.

Roll…

When you make a wrong choice you roll the dice and if the number is small you have a chance to make up for it!

The more critical the mistake the smaller the figure required.

‘Whoa!’

-Oh~ Today’s coffee.

She barely escaped Lee Se-jin’s eyes and barely managed to hide in the cabinet and take a deep breath.

And not long after… I also see Choi Ae’s face.

-hmm.

“Ugh!”

The door was in the lab!

The problem was that he was giving an injection or something… and he was sweating coldly and looked very distressed.

However I ask you not to remove the syringe yourself!

-… No please.

▶[Crush the syringe. -sympathy]

▶[Leave it alone. -Immovable mind]

Argh!!

Homma who was moving Raebin Kim was shocked but eventually turned upward with trembling hands.

‘I’m sorry Mundae…!’

But if you don’t destroy the syringe here…! In the movie cliché the door is dead!

And sure enough when I broke the syringe the door stabilized immediately.

She pressed capture while looking at the close-up shot of Mundae who had lost consciousness and collapsed with a relaxed face with tearful eyes.

Fortunately Raebin Kim lifted the door and carried him to a safe place.

‘thank god… ’

Homma who was overly immersed wiped away her cold sweat.

Anyway from then on a dizzying chase continued with Ryu Cheong-woo fighting with Cha Yu-jin inside the iron gate to find out information.

And soon the phantom thieves conclude that this is a strange place where test subjects are imprisoned and that the information about the ‘gem’ they obtained is part of the test subject fishing.

-We have to escape.

So they change their route and soon discover an official escape route thanks to Cha Yu-jin’s aggro…

Here was the final difficulty.

-If you just go around the outskirts…

-fizzle.

‘Wow Ahyeon!’

Tap tap tap.

Battalion armored boots chin. eye.

Walking from across the hallway was staged with a cinematic mise-en-scène.

Sun Ah-hyun only appeared with a cool and calm feeling throughout this movie or even the game.

It also matched amazingly well and had an unexpected charm.

‘After all it’s a face… ’

Homma was depressed.

And anyway I had a hunch.

‘In that music video… there was a hint that Ah-hyeon was the one who suppressed Bae Se-jin when he escaped!’

It was clear that this was the hint. Her heart pounding she repeatedly typed ‘hide’ from the options.

-…

Surprisingly even though it seemed like the right choice the dice rolled.

[Standard value\: 6]

60% chance!

Homma gritted his teeth.

Roll roll…

‘Please please…!’

The eye pointed to by the slowly stopped dice is…

[2]

“It’s done!!”

Sun Ah-hyeon leisurely disappeared across the hallway.

So I passed that turn safely.

‘phew.’

-let’s go.

She sighed and watched Bae Se-jin approach the huge iron door.

It was the scene I saw in the music video.

Now put the key in the lock pad and enter the code…

‘uh?’

Now that I think about it…

[______]

What’s the code?

“…”

Game progress stopped.

So there was no time limit of 10 seconds like before. This means that you can conveniently enter information at any time.

But… what kind of code is this?

At that moment Bae Se-jin’s narration flowed on the screen.

-This is a code I already know.

-I heard this from a phantom thief when I received this key.

And this time he began to hear the voice of Liu Chengwu he was recalling.

-I would like you to analyze the key.

Bae Se-jin’s eyes were close-up.

-And I analyzed.

-The information the phantom thief wanted has been obtained. The location of this place is like a gem. However there was also a lot of dummy data that seemed to have been intentionally included.

-As if to increase capacity so that it is difficult to find.

-Among the dummy data that I almost overlooked at the time there was a photo of a man… and there was a code on the back of the photo.

The narration ended there.

‘What is it?’

Homma was embarrassed and read the subtitles again.

‘A picture… of a man.’

“…”

no way?

“omg!”

She stood up and lifted the album box that she had put aside after taking out the USB drive earlier.

And then he took out the only component left inside.

Photo card.

On the back of the photo card of Raebin Kim holding the end of an awl in her mouth there was a code written along with the logo.

[Roll the Dice]

~please enter the code

[AW23-5DQ2-B25E]

She typed it with trembling hands.

…the moment you hit enter.

Bae Se-jin on the screen also began moving his hand over the lock pad.

and.

-Success… done!

The door opened.

“That’s it!”

She reflexively clenched her hands and then realized.

‘and!’

This is a structure that makes buying the album very rewarding!

Anyway she reflexively got up from her seat sensing a happy ending.

It was the reaction of someone who didn’t know much about the game completely unaware that what he saw was a ‘normal ending -3’.

Anyway I’m finally starting to lower my evaluation a bit.

‘It was truly immersive!’

I don’t know how divided the kids were about how I filmed this but… I wanted to do it again right away and choose other options!

Most importantly I liked the costumes and the acting was good without being cringy perhaps because it was action-oriented.

To be honest Bae Se-jin acted so well that there was a synergy effect.

But what bothers me is…

‘Ah the phantom thieves appeared like the main characters didn’t they?’

There were some issues with the length but it strangely felt like an event was organized from the phantom thief’s perspective.

‘Ah Ah-hyun’s actual portions are rather small.’

And I still had some unresolved questions about what the board game was…

‘Really… the quality was unbelievable.’

I don’t know what to say about this. It feels like I’m choosing what the characters will do while watching a movie!

Even fans who don’t like games would like this.

This was her first time properly encountering the ‘interactive movie’ genre and she nodded eagerly.

‘Even thinking about it again I really liked the outfit… haha it’s really the best.’

As she waited for the epilogue to load she finally decided to go to the bathroom.

And that was when I naturally picked up my smartphone.

-Please try playing other versions of the album as soon as possible. I am saying this out of loyalty.

“…??”

-When playing crazy version 2 the prologue changes and a prisoner appears.

-Is it really Jinyoung’s choice that there were 3 albums?? Phantom thief prison guard?

What?

-The main stream is almost the same but the individual events are different. What is it?

“…”

Homma was embarrassed and ran to the bathroom Nabal and the delivery box.

Then I opened the second USB box.

The second USB album that Cha Yu-jin hurriedly took out pushing the photo card with her tongue slightly exposed.

She swallowed.

‘Should I do this first?’

Since Mundae is a prisoner should I do this to see a lot of Mundae? When Homma was confused.

Again the smartphone screen lit up.

-Uh since this one doesn’t break the syringe it becomes the Mundae Phantom Thief episode.

-Crazy Park Moon-dae did he wear a phantom thief’s uniform? Thighs! Thighs!

“…?!”

What… what is that…?

This was the beginning of Testa’s album meltdown.
