---
title: "Chapter 463"
category: "book"
index: 462
section: "Chapter 463"
slug: "463"
---

# Chapter 463

-Please please tell me the route to putting Lee Se-jin in a straitjacket. It was in the music video or something. Please I don’t know.

-The comedy ending where Eugene-cha escapes alone is so funny. I laughed out loud while filming Cha-go-young.

-Wow Bae Se he lost his wallet on the way to work it was actually Cheong-woo who stole it hahaha It appears in the jailer version!! (capture)

Rice cake rice cake rice cake rice cake.

Normally there is a gap of a few days between the release of the music video during the comeback period and the appearance on music broadcasts.

Usually this period was spent with anticipation watching social media news and small preview content. Or it’s time to watch the music video over and over again and anxiously wait for it to air…

-Ahhhh Eugene finally put on the guard uniform ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ ㅅㅂ I’m so happy I can barely even put on the uniform my baby.

completely changed.

The fan community and SNS were filled with all kinds of spoilers strategy videos captures and collected photos and it was truly a festival.

Here Testa slapped a lenient rule that ‘normal ending’ and ‘bad ending’ could be streamed.

The reason why they made such an unconventional attempt in the first place was to spread word of mouth but also because they couldn’t miss out on a promotional opportunity.

Besides if you wanted to experience it for yourself you had to buy the album anyway.

Because the ‘code’ on the enclosed photo card that opens the door at the ending belongs to one account pirates could not see the ending!

– Hahaha you’re a bitch.

-But I’m worried that it won’t break through soon because they make all the cracks.

-Still it seems like it will be okay until the initial arrest is made? Oh it’s great that USB is also captured by album sales.

-A real new world fun fun

In addition the lyric book and music concept photos that can be downloaded from the game title received favorable reviews for the special emotions they gave when looking back after playing the game.

-The game deepens the narrative of the album… I hated the world view so much but they made me say something like this.

Overall it was a very unique attempt.

And it was completely unexpected.

First of all it means that aggro was drawn properly.

[Tester put a real game in the album]

[&lt;127 Section&gt; Ruined Factory production team releases new work\: Testa Album (no joke)]

[Testa’s crazy live-action gameplay status haha]

The astonishment of fans who had no idea that the MV expansion version was actually a game spread everywhere and naturally Internet users came across the news.

-The MV was an introduction to the game.

-No what happened hahahahaha

-Testa you really do everything. I really respect you. From a magical boy to an otaku you have a single path.

-I want to try this too. What’s going on with the quality? If I want to do it can I just buy the album? What can I buy?

On WeTube several game streamers who couldn’t miss this piece of cake were already playing it.

Because Lee Se-jin’s prologue was shocking it was easy to get reactions and the WeTube angle came out well so it was a win-win.

Of course there were fights and noises as tastes and evaluations went back and forth but even that was a hot topic.

It was a promotion that I couldn’t pay for.

-If I order now from the official website will it arrive tomorrow? I took the bus to the store and it was sold out.

-What version should I start with?

-Testa This title game OST?? hey?? Why is everyone so upset?

Thanks to this album sales were soaring tremendously.

The simple components including a USB recycled paper box and photo card lower the barrier to entry by allowing users to purchase them without burden.

And in the beginning of all this typhoon-like activity.

“Whoa.”

Homma was playing like crazy.

The balance of thrill with a movie-like live-action structure and a luck element that does not require interactive selection controls… appealed to this person wonderfully.

Thanks to this she was devoting all her free time to this.

“The cut of Mundae is really pretty…”

Currently I was replaying the VER 2 album which mainly features Prisoner Jinyoung.

When playing as a prisoner through the VER 2 album USB the chapter started from the past perspective of Park Moon-dae and Cha Yu-jin.

-Oh the two of them are having a heated conversation in the lab but I’m scared of them all.

└??Wasn’t it very sad and pitiful?

└??What choice do you have?

└You are

And in the latter part of the story there was an event where the thieves wore prison uniforms when they were caught and an event where they overpowered the guards and made them wear prison uniforms.

– Moon Dae throwing the prison uniform at the big guy seems to have personal feelings but it’s not acting it’s like Jjinchin’s Jjinten.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

And I was able to find out a little bit about the experiments the prisoners were being subjected to.

[■■■■ 10ml administration\: Detect objects 100m away

-Complaints of dizziness hallucinations headaches.]

‘Hmm superpower? Is this an experiment to create something similar?’

For some reason it seemed to have an American sensibility… It was definitely a bit bizarre and creepy.

Anyway Cha Yu-jin seemed to have an extraordinary mind and a very developed sixth sense and Mun-dae seemed to be able to use telekinesis!

‘…I did vomit blood.’

After recreating the scene in the music video where the surveillance camera explodes and seeing the bad ending where the gate collapses she sealed away her telekinesis…

Anyway VER 2’s prisoner camp play felt like that.

A story similar to the Phantom Thieves camp but more desolate and focused on facilities.

However the VER 3 album was a little different.

In the case of this guard camp we took a slightly special structure…

It was a play that started from Lee Se-jin’s perspective and cooperated with the phantom thieves.

-fizzle.

-…!

-Be quiet and follow me.

‘omg.’

It was as if he was a guard on our side who was sick of the facility and pretended not to notice.

Of course the truth is I was planning to catch them all like tying a oyster at the last minute so that they could not be pulled out or hit.

What Lee Se-jin said while humming to herself was excellent.

-It’s comfortable and nice~ They come on their own feet and break the rules…

‘evil!’

VER 1 First Experience The spicy flavor of the prologue was powerful!

Thanks to this VER 3 has a strange structure that makes players dizzy as they play while wondering when they will be stabbed in the back.

‘This is all because I’m doing the Phantom Thief episode first… hmm?’

“Oh wait. Now that I think about it…”

Was this order really intentional?

Homma suddenly had an idea.

The key shape shown in the music video… was exactly the USB of the ‘VER 1 album’.

The other two versions looked slightly different from the music video.

And when selling the product page was shown. Of course most people who would buy just one album would have bought VER 1…

Before that when I received an album reservation without any information I only received a set.

‘And people who bought all three must have played from VER 1 because it appears to have appeared in the music video.’

Didn’t you say the same thing to yourself?

So… This means that in most cases you only see the story from the phantom thief’s side first before you see the story of the prisoner or guard camp.

So that you can enjoy the most basic flavors first and then continue to discover new elements while maintaining tension.

‘and.’

Homma gaped.

She was unable to accurately express this detailed structure to prevent multiple playthroughs from becoming boring. Because I don’t know the game very well. But it was very touching.

‘oh my god.’

Anyway let’s talk about it.

So in VER 3 the phantom thieves were able to accompany Lee Se-jin and wear navy blue uniforms!

There was no longer any option to hide.

Instead an event occurs where you can access the facility’s documents or hear more information.

-Keep It Safe So ‘KIS’…What does it mean to keep it safe?

-Um the people outside?

-… From what?

-From all danger? Hey I don’t know either~ How does the employee know that?

Fortunately Lee Se-jin’s values become slightly shaken when the phantom thieves cooperate with the prisoners and form some friendships with them.

This is because we learn that the two prisoners were imprisoned even though they had not broken any rules.

-I was kidnapped.

-me too.

-… hmm.

And through various events he comes to accept Ryu Cheong-woo’s proposal to partner as a phantom thief.

– Is that so?

-…!

-It’s almost time for me to change jobs as my annual leave is coming to an end.

“Oh!”

In this way he succeeded in seducing many testers even the guard Lee Se-jin…

She watched only the normal ending until the end.

‘Why!?’

Even though the syringe option in Mundae was spoiled I made the right choice and watched Phantom Thief… but even then it was a normal ending.

‘What?… ’

To Ahyeon… Is it because you’re so scared that you can’t approach her or seduce her?

[We left this damn facility.]

It’s like this every time and the ending credits roll and there’s no endgame!

All that’s left is Park Moon-dae’s amazing thighs… Anyway that’s it.

So she was really prepared this time.

‘Do… ’

After finding a strategy while avoiding spoilers as much as possible Homma sat down in front of the computer again clenching both hands.

Found it! True ending conditions!

‘I told you to watch VER 1 first… ’

She thought to herself as she clicked on the game icon to quickly advance.

Strategy.

-In any faction make everyone except Seon Ah-hyun your comrades and then meet her in front of the final gate!

‘I guess the dice that came up when I was hiding was a hint!’

That wasn’t entirely the ‘right’ option.

If you meet without recruiting all your friends it’s game over but if you meet with all of your friends a true ending event will occur!

‘good.’

And then the fateful moment.

-If you just turn there…

Homma closed her eyes tightly and ignored the ‘hide’ option.

And finally.

Tap tap tap.

Bae Sae-jin who had put the key in the lock pad flinched and looked back.

A blond guard in a navy blue uniform came out from around the corner starting with military boots.

The screen froze.

“…Huuuuu.”

Homma clenched her fists. and…

-…

Empty BGM flows.

Sun Ah-hyun stared at the key Bae Se-jin was holding.

Next I glanced at the six people dressed in the same style standing around me.

After alternating short and breathtaking close-up scenes…

The guard opened his mouth.

-there is.

-…!

-jewel.

Homma covered her mouth.

‘omg!’

That’s right.

A gem that the phantom thieves tried to find but ultimately concluded was false information spread by this facility to catch test subjects.

Seon Ah-hyeon told us that tutáculum really exists.

Then he turned around and started walking away again without shaking.

Tap tap tap…

On the screen Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

-… What should I do?

▶ [Follow. -faith]

▶ [Ignore. -distrust]

“…after”

This is unconditional.

If you follow along and fail here there’s no way you’d get the true ending!

Homma vigorously clicked ‘Follow’ and naturally the characters on the screen followed Seon Ah-hyun.

-…

Sun Ah-hyeon passed the outskirts of the complex facility several times and moved at a very inconsiderate speed.

Down down.

Overcome a couple of light dice decisions…

Jiiiing-

-… This place?

We arrived in front of a small iron gate.

Next to it is a locking pad like the entrance.

With modern organ BGM playing Sun Ah-hyun stood next to the iron gate.

The six members with the keys approached the lock pad.

Only then did the blonde guard open his mouth.

-obverse.

‘…obverse?’

Homma was embarrassed.

I’m entering the code and suddenly what does the front page mean?

‘Is there anything on the front of Pocamore?’

However no matter how much I looked there was no hint in the photo of Kim Rae-bin with the awl in his mouth.

‘This is all there is on the back… ’

[AW23-5DQ2-B25E]

This code.

Just as she was about to panic luckily Bae Se-jin’s narration came out.

-The code… was written on the back of the man’s photo among the dummy data in the key. It’s not the front.

‘My words!’

-But heads? Why are you saying the opposite?

-… Wait the opposite?

“…!!”

At that moment Homma also realized.

If you think of the letters on the back as being viewed from the front…

‘…It looks like it’s upside down and in the opposite direction!’

Then the code…

Crash.

She started tapping on the keyboard.

[AW23-5DQ2-B25E]

This.

[E52B-2QD5-32WA]

Just the opposite!

“…okay!”

And the moment you press enter.

Wooooow-!

The iron door began to open with a bright light.

My toes felt tingly.

‘wow… ’

And after the light subsides.

In the screen in the very center of a small room with iron walls on all sides.

Inside the hexagonal glass tube was a beautiful green-colored gem.

An ecstatic BGM was played.

‘The props are really cool… ’

The camera slowly approached the jewel…

A gloved hand reached out. and…

▶[Catch the jewel.]

▶[Ask a question.]

“…”

A choice appeared.

‘after.’

Homma crossed her arms.

This game had no save and load.

It is possible to skip an event that has already been seen but it is impossible to go back to the previous choice once made.

but.

‘…The truth must be revealed.’

My friends on social media said that’s the meaning of the true ending!

Homma swallowed and pressed down feeling like a detective.

[Ask a question.]

Then… Bae Se-jin on the screen withdrew his hand.

And then he turned his head to Sun Ah-hyeon.

-… Why did you bring us here?

-…

-What is your purpose? Why are you giving us the jewel? Why are you giving us the Tutaculum?

It was then.

-…! wait for a sec.

Someone intervened.

…Prisoner Park Moon-dae dressed in a phantom thief-style leather suit.

He asked quickly in a low voice.

-What do you mean Tutaculum?

Bae Se-jin responded.

-This gem is Tutaculum.

Park Moon-dae’s face turned pale.

-No that’s… a drug administered to the prisoners managed here.

-…!!

-It’s not a gem. Tutáculum… here is a code word meaning drug.

Mi crazy.

‘The drug that creates superpowers… ’

No now that I think about it it seemed like it was green too. Homma covered her mouth again at this twist and looked at the screen.

“…”

The camera slowly turns.

Liu Chengwu looked at the blonde guard and asked.

-then

-What is this gem?

That moment.

The screen turned off.

“…?!”

And only then did Seon Ah-hyeon’s voice rang softly from the black screen.

-The guard with the mysterious and scary black baton did not open his mouth.

-But at the end of that gaze… there was a prisoner.

The screen brightened again with calm BGM.

And what was revealed… was an attic.

Testa sat on the floor between the warm lamp light and a board game in the middle.

That scene from the teaser.

“…??”

Homma is in confusion!

However Sun Ah-hyeon’s calm voice continued.

-It’s the players’ turn.

Cha Yu-jin and Park Moon-dae who were sitting comfortably twitched their eyebrows at the same time. They were two people who played the role of prisoners.

Liu Chengwu who was resting his chin spoke thoughtfully.

-You said you saw the prisoner. Did he want to give the jewels to the prisoner? Compensation?

-There are no such thing as psychopaths so it’s probably like that.

After Cha Yu-jin grumbled Park Moon-dae opened his mouth rubbing his chin.

-… Well if a hacker is able to persuade several people to the same side in such a short period of time it seems like it will become a threat in the future. Wasn’t he trying to give me real jewels and send them back? It’s cheating.

-Ah~ Don’t have any regrets.

Sejin Lee nodded. And laughed cheerfully.

-good! Then I will say this.

Then the screen was sucked in and the background returned to the secret facility.

There Lee Se-jin dressed as a phantom thief spoke.

-I also have a question~

-Keep It Safe. Speaking of that slogan… isn’t it actually Safe and Sacrifice? Chief jailer. What are we keeping safe?

-I thought there were rules but now I see that they don’t really follow them~

After that a truth battle continued using the secrets of the facility discovered while playing the game.

And the conclusion is…

-It wasn’t a prison… it was a research institute.

This facility was an institution conducting research to completely control the drug tutaculum which gives strange abilities!

‘oh.’

It was quite exciting to see the information collected so far put together one by one.

– Right?

I still don’t know why the scenery returns to the attic as if I’m being sucked in again.

It was nice to hear Sun Ah-hyun’s soft voice.

-But the blonde guard was neither agitated nor answered.

-Oooooh!

-Should we fight?

-Let’s fight. I’ll roll the dice.

Sun Ah-hyeon who was holding a book smiled and nodded in response to the combative members’ reactions.

-Yeah then… who?

-Of course the strongest person should do it right?

-…

Raebin Kim clicked his tongue and held up the dice as if he didn’t feel like it. And Seon Ah-hyeon also picked up the dice.

-I’m going to roll a cube. The maximum number is 6. The player’s maximum number of dodecahedrons is 10. That’s a big difference.

-Still if the player’s dodecahedron number is smaller the player can defeat the warden.

Some might jeer at this as it is a ridiculous scam but everyone is just nodding their heads as if they are very absorbed in it.

Homma did the same but soon realized the reality.

‘Oh can I really do it?’

And that premonition was correct.

‘omg!’

Homma almost screamed internally as he calculated the odds at the dice that appeared on the screen… and eventually put his hand on the mouse again.

and pressed

“evil.”

Degurrrrr…

The ten-sided die rolls… rolls… and the numbers…

[5]

‘…Oh no.’

Too big!

Homma swallowed without realizing it and looked at the screen feeling her blood run cold.

The game was in progress.

Sun Ah-hyun was throwing the dice inside her book so the numbers were not visible.

And an expressionless guard in a navy blue uniform briefly overlaps Sun Ah-hyun’s face.

‘uh?’

But after a while.

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled brightly and put the book away.

The number shown by the black dice is…

[6]

-I subdued it.

-oh my god!

-Oh~

Cheers erupt.

-So you guys…

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled and closed the book.

-I obtained the jewel and successfully escaped from the ‘KIS’ foundation.

-I was your game master.

Applause erupted.

-Ah~ It was fun!

-Thank you for calling me. It was fun to try.

-Oh no…

Sun Ah-hyun smiled softly and put down the paper book she was holding.

As I said before he seems to have been in charge of hosting this board game.

‘Oh I think I saw something like this on TV?’

It came out like this because it was an American teen concept!

Homma nodded.

‘Ahyeon played a key role!’

Still Ahyeon’s fans may be a bit disappointed that the amount of content is small. That thought passed by without me thinking but anyway I fell in love with the cute appearance of Testa on the screen and the story unfolding.

-You seem like a nerd. You made a fuss about not liking it but surprisingly you enjoyed it~?

-I know that if anyone talks about what happened today at school I won’t leave them alone.

-Look at this guy!

While Cha Yu-jin and Lee Se-jin are grumbling Kim Rae-bin is rubbing her chin. A rather violent silver accessory was shaking.

-The setting was 2025. They say the world will fall in 1999 but in a later era I will have a stronger role…

-You’re better than me the kidnapped test subject.

-The test subject is better.

Kim Rae-bin responded grimly but Park Moon-dae just chuckled. And Seon Ah-hyun also laughed when she saw that.

In that gentle scene Bae Se-jin smiled and put down his dice.

The narration continued.

-Secret prison facility experiment with superpowers hackers phantom thieves and even a thrilling escape. It was a great journey.

The jewel tokens in the board game were shown in close-up on the screen.

-The secret we discovered was surprising but there may be another story hidden there.

-No I think it would be fun to tell the same story again.

The camera focused on Testa in an attic bathed in soft lamp light.

-… I hope to come play again someday.

The camera moves up and captures a harmonious image of Testa sitting in a circle.

The subtitle came to mind along with the softly arranged sub-song of this album.

[True Ending]

~In the tutáculum. (In the hiding place)

It was the true ending.

“under…”

She leaned back in her chair.

So the concept of this game was like the American teen testers from the 80s playing a board game… like in the previous album.

‘So a repackage album… ’

It was all connected…

Homma watched the ending credits roll again feeling an indescribable overwhelming emotion.

The scenes I had seen so far passed through my mind and the scenes in the attic and character details flashed by.

“…”

The mulberry was constantly filling up.

I was very curious about the stage. But I still had to wait to see the stage.

That was why.

‘I’ll play again!’

* * *

After taking care of only urgent matters she clicked the icon again and reconnected to the game.

This time it was a different version.

‘bittern!’

The main subject of Mundae was postponed for the finale!

And I pressed skip hard to see the true ending one more time.

‘Oh this is really fun.’

My heart was pounding. What new thing will this version show?

When the testers wearing guard uniforms side by side finally reached the point where they pressed the code!

“good!”

She quickly grabbed the photo card and started typing backwards like before.

[E52B-2QD5-32WA]

‘Great!’

And that was the moment I pressed enter.

‘Now the door opens and the jewel… ’

It definitely had to be that way.

[%EA%B8%B0%EB%8B%A4%EB%A0%B8%EC%96%B4]

Instead.

The blonde guard looked back at the camera.

Seon Ah-hyun.

‘…uh?’

-I pressed the wrong button.

“…??”

-It’s a different version of the code.

And Sun Ah-hyun who was in uniform in the game smiled.

It was his first smile as a jailer.

-are you okay.

-But… I made a mistake with this.

Cotton gloves stole the camera.

-It means you played a lot.

“…?!”

You just… played?

-yes? So it means that I accidentally wrote the code written on the card not exactly as it was but in the opposite direction but I made a mistake… so many times.

The BGM has disappeared.

No before I knew it… the angle of the screen also changed.

In the game world where other members were visible together only Sun Ah-hyun was visible.

That moment.

-Let’s keep playing.

The hidden route has begun.
