---
title: "Chapter 464"
category: "book"
index: 463
section: "Chapter 464"
slug: "464"
---

# Chapter 464

Homma forgot to breathe and looked at the game screen.

“…”

The screen is still a dark secret facility in the game.

But there is no one outside the background.

There are no other characters BGM sound effects filters or dice.

All that is there is a close-up of Sun Ah-hyun’s smiling face.

A guard wearing a navy blue uniform and an officer’s hat is making eye contact with the other side of the screen.

As if he was looking at himself.

“…”

Homma swallowed.

The mouth on the screen moved.

-You’re not going out are you?

at that moment

A choice appeared. however…

▶[Remains.]

▶[Remains.]

“…?!”

What is this? Why… are they the same?

‘error…?’

Like a modern person she reflexively moved her hand to turn the game on and off.

So I clicked the settings icon in the right corner…

-no.

The settings button disappeared.

“…?!”

It’s an empty background with no response even when you click on it.

“Huh?”

-I don’t want to wait again.

The blonde guard is still smiling. Homma froze in his mouse position.

-You’re surprised.

-are you okay.

-I will do it.

That moment.

This time the choices… move randomly.

▶[Remains.]

▶[Remains.]

“…!!”

After the effect confirming the choice continued briefly the game continued smoothly.

-thank you. For staying.

-You know I can’t go out.

-In this game…

Sun Ah-hyeon’s smile slowly disappeared. Homma screamed.

‘Why does a character in a game say he is in a game!?’

But the guard did not stop talking.

-Because you can only clear this game by avoiding or suppressing me.

-Go outside the facility.

-Take that jewel.

The guard looked away.

The screen naturally rotated to show the glass tube in the center of the background.

A close-up of the brilliantly shining rust-colored gem inside the glass tube…

-stop.

The screen flickered and then disappeared.

The jewel is gone.

“…”

Now Homma had no time to be surprised.

The screen which was cut off for a moment as if edited returned to a close-up of Sun Ah-hyun.

-There are no gems anymore.

-There are no other characters.

-Let’s play like this.

said the guard.

-You try to escape from here.

-I’ll try to stop you.

-So… let’s continue.

And then dice appeared on the screen.

With the standard that separates success and failure.

[Standard value\: 7]

“Uh oh…”

Homma looked around without realizing it and reached for the mouse.

And the moment you click the dice out of habit.

[5]

A number smaller than the standard value of 7 appeared.

If this happens

‘I won right away… ’

It was that moment.

Sun Ah-hyun stretched out her hand to the dice on the screen.

“…!?”

And then he grabbed the dice… and changed the position of the top!

[8]

-I told you… I’m going to stop it.

The guard smiled.

[fail]

A red spool effect struck Homma’s face as he covered his mouth.

Then the guard held the dice back in front of the screen with his cotton-gloved hand.

To the player.

-Roll it.

-again.

“…!!”

That’s how the crazy story began.

* * *

-What are you doing standing up?

-Hidden route ㅅㅂㅅㅂㅅㅂㅂㅂㅅㅂ

Homma who was trying her best to avoid spoilers didn’t know it but in fact the first witness to Sun Ah-hyun’s hidden route appeared around the time she was looking for a strategy for the true ending.

And after several attempts were made among people who doubted whether it was true the screams began to spread.

-Oh what on earth is that?

-For some reason the amount of God Bambi was small but there was a hidden route. Is it the prison warden’s personal story?

At first people were upset because they thought people would scream at the very fact that there was a hidden route but after seeing the route for themselves they started screaming along with it.

-??????

-Please save me

-What should I do? What should I do about this?

So after half a day everyone figured out the situation.

What have the crazy people at Testa done?!

-Do I need a different version album code to see the hidden contents?

– Is there anyone who can lend me that code? I really want to see it.

And after many different attempts additional conditions were discovered.

– Conditions for entering the hidden ending\: Album code for another version whose true ending was viewed on the account

I emphasize again that you must enter the code you saw for the true ending.

In other words it was only possible for someone who had actually purchased and played another version of the game and seen the true ending.

-I made it so that only true fans can see it.

-In the game only Ahyeon was cursing like a dog asking why she didn’t have a different costume. Was it just that I didn’t play the game enough?

-You can enter if you just choose the right option right? Because it’s a game that doesn’t require controls or anything like that.

└There is some luck element in the true ending but the play time is not very long in the first place so you can easily skip it.

And a chain reaction occurred where everyone who tried screamed again.

-Wassi

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠAh it’s so good it’s so surprising and ahhhhh.

-They are really perverts. They played this role to Angel Sasumi.

-If you watch this without knowing the spoilers you’ll really get goosebumps.

For reference the person involved Homma already had zero life.

For reference the outcry from people who accidentally watched it without being spoiled was already dominating social media through sharing.

This is because surprised reactions are traditionally fun.

There was even a streamer among them.

[Ah… this is really well made. It’s not really a ruined factory it’s like an industrial complex. Well I think the testers almost forgot that I was an idol from the beginning.]

This person was disappointed by the rule that he could not upload a video after watching the true ending so he immediately tried to watch another version one more time.

Of course there were also attempts to satisfy the new viewer base.

[Please take a look at the prisoner’s version. I would like you to buy the prisoner’s version and check it out. No this isn’t a game it’s an album… right haha.]

However while chatting with the viewers this person who did not know the idol well made the mistake of confusing the photo card version.

and.

-Let’s keep playing.

[…?!]

The streamer’s eye-popping expression and the question marks in the real-time chat window were truly amazing.

-BJ Dungdung I just suddenly stepped on the hidden route of Roll the Dice. It’s chaos hahaha.

For your information Homma also heard this news and was watching the Internet broadcast which was not even in Palja with a look of great admiration.

Sun Ah-hyeon’s hidden ending scenario… was truly hidden.

-huh.

-again.

While playing an epic dice roll with Sun Ah-hyun the protagonist who inevitably loses is constantly pushed into a corner.

And the location changes as if you are constantly being pushed and pushed and running away.

Places in the facility that appeared in the game. Laboratory monitor room hallways and even prisons.

Each time the guard appeared in a straitjacket saying ‘I wanted to try it on at least once’ and sometimes in a phantom thief’s uniform and continued to play a one-sided dice game with the protagonist.

Then the player takes advantage of the gap.

He encourages the guard to manipulate the dice that he has not rolled yet…

After pretending not to know and taking it back they act one step late.

So I finally win.

-ah.

And at that moment of thrilling escape the game returns to normal!

[Aaaah it’s done!!]

In the restored game the true ending runs normally again… but there is one thing that is different.

The very last attic scene.

-… It feels like someone is talking to me in my mind.

-A voice like a friend who has been with you for a long time.

Players had the option to talk to Bae Se-jin while playing a board game!

[omg! Everyone this can’t be right…]

So last.

-… Hey I’ll try to convince the warden.

-Huh?

-really?

The way you react to the prison guard Seon Ah-hyeon right before she escapes… can be changed!

It is not Kim Rae-bin who is subduing but Bae Se-jin who is trying to persuade.

However much harsher standards than the original are applied.

-Uhm… In this case the player must get the number ‘1’ for the persuasion to succeed.

-…!

Only the die roll of ‘1’ is successful.

Odds of 1/10.

-Just use him. It’s better to be strong.

-… Speak like a civilized person.

-Sullen bastard.

-You stupid bastard.

Leaving behind Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin’s argument Bae Se-jin picks up the dice of fate.

And the moment when board game host Sun Ah-hyun also hides the dice behind her book.

Above it as before the image of the prison warden Seon Ah-hyeon is superimposed.

and

-…!

This time the player can hand Bae Se-jin’s dice which he must roll to the prison warden Seon Ah-hyun.

So that he can manipulate the dice eyes at will.

-… ah.

So the result is.

[1]

…the player’s jackpot.

-… The warden was persuaded by the hacker’s words.

After a moment of silence.

-Wow!!

-Nonsense! You are amazing!

-What have been the psychopath’s actions up until now? What kind of counselor is a hacker?

Teen Testa who was playing the game also went crazy due to the crazy results.

In the end the ending ends with the prison guard Seon Ah-hyun escaping from the facility together.

-… You head to the exit… accompanied by a mysterious and scary guard with a baton.

The board game host’s hand moved.

There was a close-up of the warden’s card going out of the stone wall of the board game prison.

Leave this message.

-… thank you.

[Hidden Ending]

~%EA%B5%AC%EC%A1%B0

“under…”

Really… it was a beautiful ending even watching it again…

Immersed in the lingering feeling of watching the ending of a drama Homma watched the streamer watch the ending together for a moment.

[Wow… it’s all going out like this. Everyone is escaping.]

The streamer was also absorbed in the lingering emotions and watched the ending credits together.

And he didn’t forget to leave his thoughts about each member whenever their cut appeared in the credits.

[Ah~ I think Mr. Moon Dae’s experimental subject character came out really cool. Oh Mr. Cheong-woo was also really good when he was fighting or doing something like this~]

‘yes.’

It was when Homma nodded inwardly thinking that she would like to hear more comments about the university.

The attic version of Sun Ah-hyun passed by in the credits.

Then the streamer suddenly started saying something out of the blue.

[But I… I think this person is a bit suspicious.]

“…??”

[A game master playing board games in the attic? This person is playing two roles as the head of the prison guard.]

Right?

[But he was the only one who had a bad expression in this ending. Does his expression look bad only in the hidden ending where the prison guard escapes?]

Uh huh?

[Oh right. Seon Ah-hyun. I… is this person really a bit of a dark person? It’s the same.]

[Oh is it too much? Anyway please let me know when the next work comes out. Let’s play!]

After receiving the donation message ‘Dungdung come to your senses this is an album there is no next work’ the streamer burst into laughter.

But Homma couldn’t laugh.

I felt it intuitively.

‘It’s a piece of cake.’

This… is the worldview of the next album!

But then.

‘In the ending credit scenario part… Testa was listed first.’

They planned this…?

Since when on earth have you been planning and making this?!

* * *

“The 60-day forced march… Thank you for your hard work.”

“…”

“…”

There is no answer. They all seem to be corpses.

No in fact it looked like a corpse.

I just lay there barely blinking at the manager. My body receiving manual therapy felt like a punching bag filled with water.

‘I need Bacchus.’

If I could get that trait again I thought it would be okay to take off 30% of the settlement fee. really.

I rolled my eyes and looked around.

Everyone was stretched out with faces as if they were going to faint.

Cha Yu-jin who is usually full of energy doesn’t look like she wants to open her mouth that much now.

It was worth it.

‘It was crazy.’

Instead of having programmers create game content we film it ourselves.

‘That also goes hand in hand with stage preparation… ’

It wouldn’t be surprising if Ryu Cheong-woo or Keun Se-jin who filmed a lot of action scenes planned to assassinate me for making the schedule.

What’s surprising is… those guys aren’t MVPs either.

It’s over there.

“wait a minute. “I’ll press it.”

“…100 million.”

Bae Se-jin.

That guy who looked like he was about to lose his breath actually played the main role in the album game from guiding members to recording narration.

I was literally divided.

Moreover even before they split they played a very crucial position.

I forced myself to open my mouth.

“brother.”

“…”

“They took the time…”

Although Bae Se-jin didn’t dare say ‘It was fortunate’ he opened his mouth to see if he understood.

“…uh.”

“…”

Ah who are ‘they’?

‘The most important manpower to succeed in this damn thing within time… ’

That’s right… the filming crew.

Actually that was the biggest problem.

Among the fields that idols can do such as entertainment dramas they cannot use T1’s capital or money…

‘Even though they are photography experts there were areas where they could cooperate with us… ’

Just the movie version.

Because there were so few cases where idols appeared it was a field where T1 did not immediately put us in check on the entire market like entertainment or music rooms.

‘And Bae Se-jin shot 10 million movies… ’

So surprisingly that very sociable guy gathered up his movie connections from his days as a child actor and airlifted them to me.

People who will film the game.

From there this crazy operation began.
