---
title: "Chapter 465"
category: "book"
index: 464
section: "Chapter 465"
slug: "465"
---

# Chapter 465

It’s funny to say it now but actually when we were planning it our game wasn’t at this volume.

-Well it’s a supplement to the USB album.

-That’s right. And I think fans will enjoy it after playing it for a day.

-Good~ Since it’s so refreshing won’t there be a lot of talk about it on social media? I agree!

Literally an extended version of the music video.

In other words it was like an option included in a one-hour movie that could be viewed as an appendix to the purchase of the album.

It was a brilliant effort to sublimate the shortcomings of the physical album’s meagerness into an extreme over-immersion concept.

‘…but.’

The fact that our first meeting was at an abandoned factory was the start of all problems…

-That… I think it’s possible? Yes I think it would be fun!

It was good until the first time they brought out the interactive music video method.

-Really?

-yes! Actually there is a tool we were developing before right? If you don’t mind if you apply this… this will work right?

-Oh that’s okay. You said the play time was about an hour right? I think we can somehow fit it in schedule-wise!

At this time I even smiled inwardly.

Actually I came here knowing everything.

‘I heard that originally what these people were planning for the next work of &lt;127 Section&gt; was an interactive music video-type horror adventure.’

After that &lt;127 Section&gt; became a huge hit under T1…

Well then isn’t the result obvious?

‘T1 must have been singing a song telling me to release the next &lt;127 Section&gt;.’

So unable to resist the crazy parachute leadership of T1 Plays who was trying to eat the very bones of &lt;127 Section&gt; he escaped.

That’s the accepted opinion of academia… no it’s the accepted opinion of game enthusiasts.

However if you happen to pick up a genre that was discontinued during early development it can be recycled so why not try it to earn money for your next project as well?

-However this is a slightly older version of the physics engine and other aspects… If you want to add action elements to the game more development time will be needed.

-Ah it’s okay for us to just put in the options!

It didn’t matter.

We’re not trying to create an all-time masterpiece with amazing gameplay we just need to have amazing visuals and be able to choose the route.

All we had to do was make the fans feel like they were interacting with us.

-Oh if you say so just refine the UI…

So the story progressed quickly and quickly and we had a great time signing autographs to the employees in a friendly atmosphere.

And then this story comes out.

-oh! Then would you like to come see us filming our music video?

-Wow is that okay?

-Ah of course~ We will be working as a team now so we would be grateful if you could see it!

-It would be really helpful if game production experts could watch the content creation process and give their opinions!

This is why the two representatives and several key production personnel were invited to the filming site which was written as a music video and read as a game content and movie.

And… on the day of filming.

“…!!”

“Wow it’s been a long time.”

“There is no separate crank in.”

Their mouths open and their eyes sparkle at the splendid equipment and settings created by Bae Se-jin’s staff.

‘Of course the money is all mine… ’

No matter how good Bae Se-jin acted as a child and showed outstanding ability during cameos would a capitalist society function without money?

I think this is why capital is so important.

It felt like I could hear the sound of 10 billion dollars burning.

‘Still I guess it’s fortunate that the filming location was secured in advance… ’

I was fortunate to find a suitable building in the local area. Anything that doesn’t work out will have to be corrected with post-processed CG but I still wondered where this was going.

“Under the eyes of the door~”

“yes.”

I followed the makeup artist’s instructions and squinted to see the first hitter of the day standing in the middle of the set wearing a police uniform.

“Um can I go with this feeling?”

It’s a big push to film the prologue.

He played the character of an urban legend-like jailer who pretends to be a friendly police officer but then kidnaps people… but he wrote the lines himself.

So that you can digest it as naturally as possible.

‘Because we are not established actors to begin with.’

The characters were usually made to use a tone as similar to that of the usual members as possible or if that was not possible the amount of dialogue was drastically reduced.

In the case of Lee Se-jin… the acting class she took while working in the virtual world created by the system had some influence on her getting that role.

-Wow~ That shitty group life is so helpful! I guess hardships and adversity are all stepping stones to growth haha!

-He’s clenching his fist. I was clearly traumatized.

Of course it wouldn’t have been possible without Bae Se-jin’s coaching.

Even now Bae Se-jin is looking at Keun Se-jin who has finished filming the first cut with eagle eyes and giving feedback.

“no. Talk more like you normally do now. “If you deliberately try to express that there is something you are hiding by being conscious of the story it will become more unnatural for beginners?”

“ah.”

“If you include the BGM and the other actor’s reaction it will look suspicious so don’t take the lead and try to be meaningful.”

“Yes yes. Ah brother. “Hang it back over your shoulder like the camera person here…”

Lee Se-jin seemed to be busy asking and picking questions cheerfully without any sign of being awkward about the situation being reversed.

‘Well the schedule is 60 days. Is there any way we can afford that?’

And he completed filming the prologue more successfully than expected.

“Cut! Good~”

“…! thank you!”

I chuckled as I heard light exclamations and looks like ‘It’s pretty good’ being exchanged among the people involved in the filming.

“…good job!”

“Thanks for teaching me well~”

The two guys with the same name exchanged congratulations quite awkwardly.

“Oh my gosh it would be nice to take one more picture if the car didn’t explode… Unfortunately I think that’s it!”

The fact that he didn’t miss the behind-the-scenes cam appeal at the end was truly a great achievement.

And then we moved to the location and started filming the main episode right away. This is because the time Bae Se-jin promised with this person was not long in the first place.

‘The schedule is killing me.’

For reference from the filming of the main episode the baton was taken from the completed actors.

And I started with the most important scenes.

[…]

In other words Bae Se-jin filmed the scene of the attempt to escape from the main gate and received the OK at once.

‘…It’s overwhelming though.’

His acting skills were at a level where you could almost feel some kind of energy. Should I say she looks like Cha Yujin on stage?

Bae Se-jin is now a person who can do enough for one person on stage but when you compare it with acting you can see the difference.

The director also seems to be the most excited of the day.

“Hey our Sejin is still the same~”

“Oh um… thank you.”

Bae Se-jin looked a little embarrassed but seemed quite proud.

After that the filming was prepared smoothly and proceeded tightly.

“Yes I’m going to secret room number 3 next!”

The good news is that the shooting order was fixed so that no one had to change costumes to save time.

Thanks to this I am still wearing a very uncomfortable straitjacket…

‘If it doesn’t look good on screen it goes looking for the baby that made it.’

I spent that day thinking like that.

“It’s radish. How about this…?”

“It’s very plausible.”

And he was about to nod to Sun Ah-hyeon who was walking down the hallway while wielding her baton with restraint.

“hey.”

“…? yes.”

People from the ruined factory or even the industrial complex followed us there too… The people who had been quietly enjoying themselves all of a sudden suddenly started talking actively.

“Have you ever thought about how to proceed?”

What is it?

“It’s the ending cut you shot earlier. You made an album in the shape of the key device shown there… That photo shoot? “You said you were going to put the code there right?”

“yes.”

By the way.

“It was so nice to see it in person. “The design of the gate the composition the costumes everything…”

The female representative clasped her hands tightly. The male representative continues speaking hastily.

“Hey how about a system where the character who presses the code changes depending on the photo card member?”

“…??”

“Or depending on your existing choices you have built up a level of favorability and use that as a base…”

for a moment.

Opinions were expressed among the members but all kinds of voices were cut out due to issues of time and environment…

The developers themselves started pouring out of their mouths.

“…”

Apparently… everything from the filming location costume concept and Bae Se-jin’s acting skills seemed to stimulate these people’s tastes.

No no matter what.

‘These people don’t know what realistic thinking means.’

I barely asked.

“It’s good but is it… possible to implement it?”

“…Can’t we?”

Do we understand…?

“But don’t you want to try? As we continued filming it seemed like it would be good to make new options for the things that were NGed because of those ad-libs…”

“…”

“Oh and I also noticed that Eugene escaped. A bit of a gag ending? “I think I can write with that feeling!”

“Did I take a good picture? “Did you like it earlier?”

“wait for a sec.”

Where did you come from?

The two representatives are nodding their heads at Cha Yu-jin who comes out in a straitjacket with flashing eyes.

“yes!”

“We want to use it?”

“Then use it! Umm please write!”

“and!”

I’m just glad that the guy who was absolutely against this concept praised it… no before that.

I barely opened my mouth.

“…is that time available?”

“Haha that’s because you’re just adding something that already exists as an option…”

then?

“If we who are free from labor laws work overtime!”

“yes!”

“…”

So… the ad-lib scenes and NG scenes that were originally supposed to be cut were saved with options and gag endings so the volume increased like crazy.

It didn’t end here.

“And you said there are three versions.”

“yes. However only the shape of the USB album and the prologue are different…”

“Wow wouldn’t it be more like that if we put in a private event?”

“…??”

“If we could revive the scenario that was discarded here…”

It was then.

“Uh is there a scenario that was discarded? is it so?”

“yes! “Look at this.”

With the director joining in a decision was made to extend filming on the spot.

“I’m sorry but I don’t have time to memorize the script…”

“Ah your personalities are similar anyway so don’t be too conscious of the script and just go with the feeling of adapting to the situation!”

“…”

“You wrote it anyway so why are you having such a hard time! “If you want to act you have to have that experience.”

We are idols who want to perform on stage.

…However due to the existence of numerous idols capable of acting led by Bae Se-jin that counterargument was impossible.

And even the leader…

“Oh we’re okay.”

“…!”

…So the conclusion is that a game was released that was ridiculously over 2 and a half hours long.

‘It’s 2.5 times more.’

In addition since there are three versions including a bad ending a gag ending a normal ending a true ending and a hidden ending the actual play time has increased tremendously.

Thanks to this the aggro seemed to have increased by about three times than planned.

If anything crazy things are said about the game and streaming continues so it remains a hot topic for several days.

-Testa game which is hot these days… I tried it too.

-You guys know that? If Ravin doesn’t check even once in the lab there is a route for accidents to happen. Bottles are in trouble and mental issues are in trouble haha (video)

-Seon Ah-hyun’s hidden ending caused a stir among Testa fans (be careful of fear)

Of course not all of these people have actually played our game.

Most of the time I just end up laughing after watching the fans’ reactions to short videos or edited videos that are passed around.

‘It’s not even a mobile game in the first place it’s a package game but what popularity does it have?’

It’s a completely fan-sniping music video universe expansion concept.

This may have contributed significantly to album sales but it was not a huge hit.

‘Now that streaming has been released it has the adverse effect that people who are moderately interested are satisfied with that.’

However it was very good that a new potential fan base was introduced by creating an incentive through the game and that existing fans were satisfied…

I caught the most important thing.

-Wow I never thought Testa would make a comeback like this haha.

-I’ve already caught the title melody I’ve seen so many reactions haha.

First of all hasn’t the fact that ‘Testa is making a comeback’ itself been imprinted on the Internet?

In addition the refrain melody of the title song is included in the middle of the game so anyone who has seen it once whether streaming or reacting will have become familiar with it.

‘I’ll be satisfied if I can get people to listen to it just once.’

And as expected Testa’s music rankings are not lacking compared to the previous time when T1’s crazy promotion was behind it.

‘…! yes.’

Like this… Now that we have announced the news of our comeback all we have to do is deliver the final blow on stage.

‘And just today.’

We will be performing our first comeback stage live. On public broadcasting.

“hmm.”

I laughed. It’s a pretty satisfying result.

but…

[Mr. Mundae! Are you testers interested in a more serious game? I was wondering if it would be good if the characters of the testers made a brief cameo appearance in the comedy ending in our next work…]

“it’s okay. “It’s really okay.”

The people in the ruined industrial complex seem to have come to regard us as just another colleague… Let’s think about it later.

* * *

“…yes. thank you.”

Bae Se-jin thanked the person on the other end of the phone once again.

Even though it had been a long time since I last contacted you the director willingly accepted my call.

Last time he directed a drama in which he made a cameo appearance as a shaman.

The director who was also on the production team of the 10 Million Movie in which he appeared as a baby shaman when he was a child was of course someone who also wrote and directed movies.

She created the space.

So he was able to meet film crew members he knew from his days as a child actor and try to make difficult requests.

‘…Good for you for showing courage.’

It was an incredibly forced march… but it still felt like the first time I had contributed so much to the team.

‘Because the response was good… ’

Now all I have to do is work hard on stage. It was time for him to once again make a decision about this activity.

– Do you remember? When you were this young you suddenly shed tears like chicken droppings on set so all the adults were very embarrassed.

-Yes yes?

-You said it so beautifully ‘I was just holding on to your emotions why are you doing that?’ A very bold baby.

“Ugh… Okay yes.”

Bae Se-jin barely suppressed his cough.

The director who was happily talking about memories suddenly muttered in a low voice.

-Of course… it’s a waste. It’s a waste.

“…”

-I really enjoyed filming this time Sejin. Jeongjin also said it was nice to see you after a long time.

“ah.”

Bae Se-jin recalled the actor who played the role of the driver in the prologue scene.

He was his senior when he was a child actor.

‘…You did a good job.’

It was a moment when I was immersed in memories of that time.

-My sister got a really good script this time.

A straightforward proposal came from the other side of the phone.

-You’re old enough now don’t you want to try it?

“…!”

It was 30 minutes before Testa’s first comeback live performance.
