---
title: "Chapter 466"
category: "book"
index: 465
section: "Chapter 466"
slug: "466"
---

# Chapter 466

Seven people came up on stage.

This is Testa’s first comeback stage on public television.

Internet users were already sitting down and talking.

-It’s even weirder when I write it down like this that it’s a tester that doesn’t appear on T-Net’s music room.

-Next week can you grit your teeth and watch a music night that doesn’t rank first on the testers?

-Is today’s testa ending?

It was inevitable that a story about Tnet that had not even been published would come out.

So far Testa has been nothing short of an icon of T1’s KPOP business success.

That was an image that has not been removed even after breaking up with T1.

So as long as that image remains unless there is a huge upheaval that causes the origin to disappear… It also means that the public broadcasters do not need to be more friendly to Testa than necessary.

So Testa reasonably got the second place in the ending today.

-Testa is out already?

-If it were me I would have taken this opportunity and given the ending first but have some respect for the public broadcaster haha.

It was sorted by year which was somewhat ‘strict’ compared to popularity.

But regardless of that people thought that the highlight of this week’s KBC music broadcast was Testa’s comeback stage.

That was enough.

-Start

One stage.

With the popularity of the comeback it was worth all the effort put into getting people to see it.

Testa’s stage has begun.

[Doong…!]

A minor riff melody that seems to be a modulation of the sound of a stomach churn.

When the lights come on what you see is a gorgeous set with the ‘KIS’ logo floating on it. It looks like a study or laboratory.

And in the very center of the elegant and conceptual stage there are triangular figures standing symmetrically.

Just turn back.

The seven men slowly moved their necks in that state.

The leather texture sparkled with light.

A leather suit that hugs the body tightly.

-It is a group phantom thief uniform.

-crazy

And the minor midi note and electric guitar sound seemed to increase in height…

The drop accompanied by a crackling sound effect is the introduction to an intense major key.

[Touch your hand

My tape is cold again]

The formation spread as if broken and the group dance of the remaining members moved according to the solo dance movement of Park Moon-dae crossing his arms.

Then from the outer right corner the next member slid in front of the camera.

[The moment my heart beats

All my senses are slow]

Ryu Cheong-woo’s part where he performs cool choreography that involves kneeling spinning and stretching out one arm.

There too the group dance and formation moved according to his arm gestures.

-Oh wow

– Look at Liu Chengwu’s arms he’s crazy.

That’s right.

The choreography created under the theme of ‘Butterfly Effect’ consisted of a structure that changed the formation according to the solo dance gestures of the member singing the part.

-and

-Oh please give me a camera.

-I have to hold this well.

The stage races by in a scene that makes you desperately want a fixed full camera.

The drum beat rose as if my heart was pounding.

[Exciting contact

In your silent eyes

[Finding a clear answer]

Kim Rae-bin who took on the vocal part after a long time wore a unique turtleneck-style phantom attire that went up to her neck.

After finishing his part with narrowed eyes he gave a high five to the person who would sing the next part as if exchanging batons.

This is Cha Yu-jin.

[There is only one choice

Yes take it all (one more)

Even if I lose this tight grip]

The pair choreography with Kim Rae-bin unfolded nimbly like a battle.

And Park Moon-dae and Ryu Cheong-woo’s doubling goes up as if to support the rap which has a lively feel.

-I want the live to start

-I can’t hear AR

-As expected Testa should sing a difficult song.

And this is where the rest that adjusts the tempo comes in.

A passage where only a low-pitched voice is heard.

[Let’s Start the melee]

There was a close-up of Kim Rae-bin grabbing his chin and neck in the center.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-evil

And the pre-chorus.

[Find it and look at its face

I don’t care what’s next

Chaser today too

[Don’t stop your hands]

A difficult section that goes back and forth between complex beat rhythms and vocal ranges. In line with this the difficulty level of the choreography also increased rapidly and became more flashy.

In this part where the center becomes more important first Sejin Lee with strong power and then Sun Ahhyun with exquisite control of strength and weakness led the mood.

[Find out everything

Don’t be scared what’s next

Chaser tomorrow too

[Don’t end the twist]

-Big phantom thief uniform… Who chose the thin black lining? Wow.

-Seon Ah-hyun how many times did you change the tempo? I didn’t even see what you were doing just now.

I thought it would bring the viewing experience to its peak and then finally the chorus.

Bits are dropped.

[Just roll the dice

[Trust take my side]

Contrast with the pre-chorus.

Simple rhythm and main melody that hits just right. And a catchy riff melody.

Made up of these three central elements the easy-to-remember chorus is filled with catchy dance breaks.

-If you hear footsteps it seems like even the footsteps will hit you hard.

-turned

-When on earth did you practice all this while filming the game? Are you a testa superhuman?

The signature arm movement which seemed to give an unexpected acceleration to the movement and grab it was a perfect match for the phantom thief’s uniform.

It is a subtle yet strangely sexy element.

In the end this exclamation comes out.

-It’s the same as Testa.

-It was self-produced.

-Wow the real feeling is the same but it feels even more fluttery.

-Where are the bastards who said they were capital suckers for the Testa T1 project?

It was the exhilarating satisfaction that comes from meeting the expectations of Testa.

Why does this phenomenon happen?

Let’s take an example. One group moved companies. Even if most of the members remain the same… can the color of the group change?

The correct answer is ‘yes’.

This could have been possible if the working staff making the album changed and the planning team changed.

This was not only a question of quality but also a question of whether the ‘feel’ that made fans and the public like this group remain the same.

A color unique to that group.

What the public expects from the group.

Due to the absence of manpower and capital such things may no longer be made.

However Testa practically disproved it on this stage.

‘Testa does what you expect!’

Thanks to this people watching the stage unconsciously realized it and enjoyed it.

-I’m just amazed throughout the first verse.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I really don’t know anything else about these guys but their performance is fun.

Testa continued to fly high on the track where he first debuted.

[Okay this Final round]

The stage moved forward without hesitation and welcomed the bridge.

The harsh electronic sound disappeared and a somewhat overwhelming keyboard sound was piled up to match the drum sound.

In keeping with the atmosphere Bae Se-jin raised the melody from low to mid-range clearly and firmly without any unnecessary techniques.

[pull]

Cha Yu-jin who jumped out at the end landed on both feet like a wild cat and took slow steps with strength.

And again the final dance break.

[Just roll the dice

[Trust take my side]

-evil paradise

-It’s really crazy.

As if he had made up his mind Testa filled the stage without losing his strength until the end and without dropping a single movement or note.

At the ending until Ryu Cheong-woo who was standing in the center looked back and playfully lifted the gloves he had taken off.

It was a phantom thief-like ending member selection.

Wow!

And like the cheers of fans filling the screen the Internet chat window flew by.

-lol

-Testa! Testa! Testa! Testa! Testa! Testa! Testa!

-torn

-oh

-Give me a replay.

And fans on social media were so excited that they poured out words onomatopoeia and emoticons like crazy.

I couldn’t help it. Because it was so thrilling!

It was only when their rational thinking returned that they began speaking in complete sentences.

-I’m saving all the corrections as they come up. When I came to my senses I saved the same Cheongwoo 10 times.

-I’m really looking forward to this activity.

-There was a straitjacket in the Sanhok spoiler right? Please tell me it was there I beg you like this

– Will there be a lot of public broadcast entertainment this time? I was actually craving some public broadcast entertainment haha.

The moment they saw the stage they immediately realized the success of this activity and their happiness expectations reached the maximum and expectations for their schedule began to pour in.

In the meantime answers and rumors were passing by.

-I wish I could film another variety show with that PD who has Carrot Coins haha We’re so cute haha.

└Wow that’s right haha

└I think it was already taken? Haha

└Um… I’m sorry for passing by but I’m not sure if it’ll be okay since the PD belongs to T1. Looking at the schedule it looks like Testa doesn’t appear on T1’s broadcasting station.

└Oh please

└Could T1 block it?;;

└Rumor ㄴㄴ It may be that the schedule hasn’t been released yet but why are you doing this already? Just wait.

However most of them were filled with anticipation and were busy waiting for the next stage or looking at the reactions to this comeback stage with pride.

For example this best comment.

-The testers know that they are good at it right? Hahaha.

└How can you not know hahaha

And there was a fan who grinned and then suddenly had this thought.

How did Testa feel when that stage ended?

* * *

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“Wow!!”

Cheers louder than the last comeback filled the waiting room.

The sight of even the staff cheering was heartwarming and full of heat and passion.

The first album released in a new company new environment and facing unprecedented obstacles.

Everyone couldn’t help but feel new emotions.

The members even ran to Woo Soo-su and caught up with Park Moon-dae who was immediately monitoring today’s pre-recording reactions.

“Look at Moon Dae-moon University’s reaction?”

“uh.”

“How about…?”

Park Moon-dae said simply.

“good.”

“…!!”

It was rare for him to make such an assertion about public opinion without commenting on it.

And that means…

“really?”

This meant that the response was overwhelmingly positive even considering that they were really fans!

The members were dumbfounded but then burst out laughing.

“Wow… Testa is alive!”

“Haha I showed you something today!”

“Oh~ Chungwoo hyung!”

Even Ryu Cheong-woo used the pre-stage slogan ‘Ah testa I’m showing you something today’ and said something excited.

Bae Se-jin also took a deep breath with a flushed face then approached and looked at the screen that Park Moon-dae was watching.

Sun Ah-hyun smiled brightly and slightly moved away.

“Oh here…!”

“…”

Bae Se-jin read the contents of the smartphone that Park Moon-dae did not bother to cover.

‘It’s so good I can’t express it in words make sure to watch the show.’

‘I feel like I’m going to cry because I’m so happy’

‘I hope this activity lasts long’

‘I have a strong feeling that I won’t be in my seat at the concert’

The reactions overflowing with anticipation and happiness without any trace of pretense… definitely touched me.

“…Good.”

“It really is!”

I was happy too.

‘Good.’

I feel like I did a good job.

It seems like the choreography was followed well and the singing was not lacking.

The fact that the costume was made of leather that did not wick sweat was uncomfortable but now that I have several years of stage experience I hardly care.

“…”

So that is.

Bae Se-jin had no choice but to make a decision.

It was something that could not be helped.

“Congratulations to the testers~”

“yes!”

So he was the first to change his clothes among the members who were busy changing their clothes… and headed to the sofa in the corner.

And then I turned on the notepad I was writing on again.

I couldn’t calm down so I tried to write it down but I closed it after 30 seconds because I was wondering what I was going to do right before the performance.

[Thank you so much for the suggestion. I also really want to appear in the director’s work]

He gritted his teeth and started writing down the letters he had written up to that point.

[…I really want to appear in the director’s work. But now I think I should focus more on group activities so I won’t regret it.]

This is correct.

‘If it overlaps with the activity period… it’s not allowed.’

Even if we couldn’t do it during all the other album promotions we can’t do it now.

‘With what mindset did everyone start again?’

And this time it seems like he really… not only barely followed the implementation but actually contributed to the completeness of the piece.

I didn’t want to pour cold water on him for my personal actions. He also now had some understanding of the idol group ecosystem.

‘Now is the time to focus on group activities.’

Bae Se-jin started writing again. To refine the language of how to answer when talking on the phone.

[I’m sorry for rejecting the offer you made with good intentions]

It was then.

“Hyung what are you doing?”

“…!!”

I thought my heart was dropping.

As soon as he turned his eyes he saw Park Moon-dae with a sullen face looking at him with an expression that showed him seeing something strange.

“…?!”

Bae Se-jin’s expression seemed to be asking ‘What were you looking at that made you so surprised?’ and Bae Se-jin’s feet went numb!

“no! “Just text me!”

“It’s a notepad.”

“…”

“I’m sorry but I looked at the words a little because of the location.”

Park Moon-dae sat at a reasonable distance next to the sofa. Bae Se-jin stiffened.

“Did you get a role offer from the director?”

“Mo lower your voice.”

“…?”

Park Moon-dae thought ‘That’s okay’ but for now he just matched the rhythm.

Bae Se-jin continued speaking in a low serious voice.

“…okay. But since it is a period of activity I will reject it.”

“I don’t think you want to do it.”

Bae Se-jin was moved to tears for a moment.

of course!

But I also knew that I shouldn’t be angry. Park Moon-dae did nothing wrong.

So I took a deep breath and answered more calmly.

“…I’m saying it’s not that what I want to do is important but that now doesn’t seem like the right time!”

“hmm…”

Park Moon-dae sighed without an expression and nodded after a few seconds.

“Then let’s ask everyone if they think so.”

“…??”

Testa conference reopens.
