---
title: "Chapter 467"
category: "book"
index: 466
section: "Chapter 467"
slug: "467"
---

# Chapter 467

In fact it is natural for members of an idol group with a lot of seniority to pursue individual activities.

The group’s profitability declined after its heyday. So shouldn’t each of us explore in advance how to make a living?

Of course these days there are many exceptions and Testa was one of those exceptions.

“We’ve barely had any proper individual activities until now.”

“Yes.”

The group continued to do well…

‘If I were to say personal activities they were limited to entertainment shows or pictorials.’

Since I already came from a survival world I refrained from personal activities for a few years for the sake of convergence in the fandom and ended up here.

I opened my mouth.

“But wouldn’t it be okay to start slowly now?”

“hmm.”

Bae Se-jin’s shoulders trembled. The members’ gaze reflexively turned towards Bae Se-jin.

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“So are we having a meeting? Are you playing Sejin hyung?”

A quick-witted guy.

“…I did receive an offer.”

“…! “That’s what you said!”

“Congratulations Chu…!”

First of all Bae Se-jin’s face turned red among the good but tactless people who responded positively.

“Oh I said I wouldn’t…!”

“…!?”

“I told Park Moon-dae earlier but… we’ve just made a comeback so I can’t miss out just to act!”

“ah…!”

Exclamation marks appeared on the faces of Sun Ah-hyun and Kim Rae-bin.

But soon Raebin Kim asked cautiously.

“Is… is it impossible to run parallel schedules?”

That’s right! Then you can do both!

It’s a nerdy question with an insane efficiency characteristic that more than doubles composition speed.

However Bae Se-jin grabbed both hands.

“…And what if I make a mistake?”

“yes?”

“I… I’ll be honest. I’m the slowest at learning the stage here. “I started late and my talent… I’m sure there are problems.”

“…judgment is subjective depending on what reference point is used…”

“But do you think I can play roles in completely different types of productions at the same time and not make a single mistake on stage?”

“…!!”

Bae Se-jin raised his head.

His face was pale.

“What would people think if something like that happened?”

Bae Se-jin who has already quit his first solo activity will be receiving a barrage of criticism.

But surprisingly he wasn’t referring to that point.

“There was talk within the group that there was something wrong with Bae Se-jin and then he suddenly overexerted himself and started combining group activities and acting… That’s what they would think!”

“…”

“It’s not that I don’t know anything about idol activities like when I just debuted. In my own way… I know the situation now.”

okay. I know you watch Gukbbong on WeTube.

‘Then usually KPOP reactions public reactions on WeTube and even Rekkas appear in related videos.’

Just by reading the title you can roughly get to know this guy.

About secondary rumors created by rumors.

And which rumors become hot topics and create waves.

“In a situation where we just changed companies and made our first comeback… no.”

Bae Se-jin finished speaking with a fairly stern expression.

“That’s my decision.”

“…”

oh.

I put my chin on my chin.

First of all regardless of the validity of the conclusion he reached.

‘I drew the process to the conclusion quite logically and in depth.’

It was not an attempt to avoid it but rather a conclusion reached by putting one’s head in the situation and analyzing it closely.

‘It’s grown a lot.’

Since that was a respectful attitude I planned to start the conversation with a light partial agreement but…

“why?”

“…?!”

This guy puts a question mark first?

Ryu Cheong-woo continued speaking calmly while staring at Bae Se-jin among the members with widened eyes.

“Sejin. “Why do you think that if you act it will inevitably interfere with your stage activities?”

“Who says it’s unconditional?”

Bae Se-jin seemed upset but soon calmed down.

“…That means there is a high possibility of that happening. I can imagine it right now. “That situation…!”

“Imagination does not always become reality.”

“…!”

“Sejin.”

Liu Chengwu spoke softly.

However it seemed a bit strict.

“I said it before… when you imagine the future you seem to think more about the possibility that it will be bad rather than the possibility that it will be good.”

“…”

“There’s no law that says that’s right.”

Bae Se-jin looked a little dazed.

“Even when we talked about this before in the end it didn’t go as you worried and it was resolved well. “You remember right?”

“…”

Silent affirmation.

And although Liu Qingwu deliberately referred to it vaguely I realized what ‘the situation in which this story was told before’ was.

Bae Se-jin saw Eun Se-jin at that moment.

‘I think you’re talking about when the two of you fought like dogs.’

At that time I was in charge of talking to Big Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo was in charge of Bae Se-jin.

It seems like the two had a conversation like that at the time.

‘Bae Se-jin probably said that Eun Se-jin hated her so much that she would never apologize first… I think she thought they wouldn’t be able to reconcile even if she apologized first.’

It seems that Liu Chengwu calmed this down.

And well the people with the same name have reconciled and are still getting along well despite the constant friction.

In short it is true that Bae Se-jin thought too negatively at the time.

However I understood why Bae Se-jin made that decision.

The reason may be that the two of them didn’t get along so much and they started to feel bad for each other and suddenly got into a big fight.

In fact I wonder if Bae Se-jin’s way of thinking itself has an empirical reason.

‘…I guess it’s because of my experience as a child actor.’

An agency like X went bankrupt once. Moreover we even saw it live when the biological father was like that and almost ruined it.

It seems like a natural instinct for that guy to consider the worst outcome when making a decisive choice.

The problem is…

‘And me too… ’

That’s something I can understand.

When it comes to my childhood experiences there are a few things that jump out to me right away.

This is a situation where the worst possible assumption becomes reality.

A person who has experienced something like that always assumes the ‘worst case’ and makes future plans.

‘It’s about preparing.’

Well I don’t think I suffered any losses so I’m not particularly dissatisfied with my thinking circuit… Ryu Cheong-woo seemed to feel very sorry for Bae Se-jin.

“During my career so far I’ve hardly ever made a mistake on stage. It was like that even when I couldn’t sleep properly. But will I suddenly make a mistake this time?”

“…”

“I think not. And even if it does there is a possibility that it will pass without any problems… Wouldn’t it be too unfortunate if I gave up for that reason?”

Bae Se-jin’s eyes turned hazy.

And I felt an emotion bordering on astonishment toward Liu Chengwu.

‘How could that bastard do that?’

How can a guy who retired from the national team before his prime due to the aftereffects of a childhood accident that he can’t even remember live with that kind of mentality?

Even though we had lived together for several years and knew everything about the situation… no in fact that made it even more difficult to understand.

‘Well how can all humans be the same?’

There needs to be this guy and that guy for the team to run.

As evidence Bae Se-jin seems to have been a little emotionally shaken by those firm words.

And as if to drive the momentum Ryu Cheong-wu spoke.

Not to Bae Se-jin but to me.

“what do you think about it?”

“…”

Why?

‘I guess they thought they would provide backup since they called a meeting.’

I answered hesitantly.

“No well… what you said is correct. Actually I think what Sejin said is correct. “There is a possibility.”

“…!”

“…okay?”

Ryu Cheong-wu why are you making a glum face?

Anyway I shrugged.

“And even if I persuade you like this I think Sejin will still feel anxious. “I don’t think there’s a need to do personal activities like that.”

“…”

“So I would like to refute Sejin’s reasoning.”

“…??”

“Bar rebuttal… are you talking about it?”

That’s right.

“I think there’s a fundamental reason why I’m worried that my brother will make a mistake in the first place.”

“…root cause?”

The expression on his face asks what the hell he’s talking about.

Listen.

“The schedule during the active period is tight.”

Because it’s so tight there’s no time to prepare your mind and body for the stage.

The worry is that in that environment one’s own skills will inevitably lead to mistakes.

“If my schedule had been a little more flexible in the first place I wouldn’t have said it was okay. “Even if we do it in parallel we still have time to practice.”

Bae Se-jin answered with a dumbfounded expression.

“Yeah… yeah but.”

I nodded.

“Then you don’t have to worry.”

“…?? why…?”

“We’ll have a better schedule than before.”

“why?!”

I clasped my hands together.

“All T1 series schedules are blocked…”

“…”

“…”

That’s right.

Bae Se-jin who inadvertently expected a schedule similar to that of previous albums missed this loophole.

‘We… don’t have many broadcasts to go on.’

All you have to do is watch one or two public TV entertainment shows and a few WeTube posts.

The rest unintentionally can’t go out because they don’t fit the group’s name.

‘But the game covered the topic… ’

In the end it was as if we also pulled in activities to promote the album during the crazy 60 days we spent preparing for the album.

And as if he realized it Bae Se-jin’s eyes became dots.

He seems embarrassed.

“Well… think about it.”

“yes. And while you’re thinking about it I also have another agenda item to talk about.”

“What what?”

why. We didn’t hold a meeting to only talk about your acting activities.

“In the first place rather than just Sejin we thought it would be a good idea to split up and make a few individual appearances during this promotion period.”

“yes??”

“Uh should we…?”

“Well the album came out but all the members are doing individual activities… Of course whoever wants to do it can do it but I don’t mind doing it next time.”

Ryu Cheong-woo’s cautious response was glad but it was actually a deliberate move.

“No it’s actually because of the album.”

“hmm?”

“Because the group’s ability to appear together on programs or events is limited I thought it would be better to split them up into individuals and show their faces a few more times.”

“ah.”

Then since it is a T1 series the truncated schedule will be able to be compensated to some extent.

Shouldn’t we also let people who aren’t familiar with the SNS community WeTube know that the Testa album has been released?

And… there is another advantage and it seems that Sun Ah-hyun has noticed it.

“ah…! Then Sejin’s acting will be seen as part of that individual appearance… so it will be like we’re all doing it together!”

That’s right.

Bae Se-jin is particularly different and serious but if you let things go he won’t get to the point where he gets caught in the crossfire alone.

“…! Indeed! “I couldn’t reason that far!”

“Then I’m getting out of here!”

The conference room became bustling with Kim Rae-bin who was beginning to admire Sun Ah-hyun and Cha Yu-jin who was actively exploring the program.

Bae Se-jin bowed his head.

“…thank you. really.”

“…!”

“no! I admire your willingness to even consider giving up for the album! “I will support your acting…!”

“okay. “I will support you.”

“Fighting!”

Should I also add something?

“Also if it’s Sapae Station ask for a change.”

“…okay.”

Bae Se-jin’s voice was mixed with laughter.

And Bae Se-jin raised his head again and saw his fists clenched and his eyes shining.

“I’ll do well.”

Yes.

“As for the stage… I will practice consistently.”

Good.

“I… will work hard to promote the album during that shoot…!”

“it’s okay.”

That’s not it.

The game there is also brutal so it becomes X. Just work hard on your work and come back.

“It’s great but…”

Bae Se-jin seemed to want to say something more but suddenly made eye contact with someone and closed her mouth.

He was the one who had not said a single word throughout the meeting.

“…”

Big Sejin.

The guy was looking at Bae Se-jin with an expression that did not reveal any emotions.

Bae Se-jin seemed to reflexively avoid eye contact for a moment but that expression soon disappeared.

Instead I asked Keun Se-jin seriously.

“What do you… think?”

“…”

“Acting during my activities.”

Big Sejin looked at the table for a moment and then opened his mouth.

“Well wouldn’t it be okay in this situation?”

“…!”

It was a relaxed tone.

And it was a euphemistic affirmation.

Bae Se-jin was so surprised that he almost jumped out of his chair but soon cleared his throat.

“You didn’t say much… I thought you were holding back even though you didn’t like it!”

“Yes well… yes. “I feel like no matter what I react to like that they will interpret it in a negative way~”

“…”

‘It’s a perfect fit.’

Keun Se-jin deliberately spoke in a playful tone but it was clear that he was serious.

And Bae Se-jin also seemed to have been stabbed.

Even if he said that individual activities were a good idea he would have suspected that he was being sarcastic and if he had opposed it he would have nodded.

Big Sejin rubbed the back of his neck.

“We have annual leave… It’s almost time for everyone to pursue individual activities~ And I heard that you were planning on turning it down anyway.”

“…”

“It’s good if everything goes well together.”

Big Sejin ended his speech like that.

It really didn’t seem like empty words.

“…okay.”

And it seems that Bae Se-jin was able to take those words at face value this time.

“good. Then… I’ll organize it and contact the director!”

“Great!”

In this way Testa was ready to enter the album promotion period in earnest.

In a slightly unique way different from before.

* * *

“Um… But if we can’t cooperate with all affiliates related to T1 does that mean we won’t be able to produce group reality shows this time?!”

“Wait.”
