---
title: "Chapter 468"
category: "book"
index: 467
section: "Chapter 468"
slug: "468"
---

# Chapter 468

seoul. In a quiet office.

“I’ll tell you quickly!”

“yes. thank you.”

Bae Se-jin sat across the table as calmly as possible.

‘You really… came.’

It was truly the first work meeting I had had in a long time.

I remember working as an actor in a strange virtual world for several years but even though the experience was recent it was a bit vague like something from long ago or a vivid dream.

Bae Se-jin took a deep breath and said “Maybe that’s why I’m so nervous.”

Soon the person who had been waiting hurriedly appeared.

“Sejin is here!”

“…! hello.”

Director holding documents. It was he who offered him the role.

And he was accompanied by another person.

“Director director.”

“Yes~ Sejin has grown up a lot.”

The director with an arrogant appearance sat on the sofa with a grin.

‘It was this person…!’

When he was a child he was the director of a work in which he played a kidnapped child.

As for performance… A person who succeeds at the box office every other time.

‘…good.’

This was worth walking.

Bae Se-jin bowed his head in greeting and then sat down again.

“The kid is really the same. “It was all about being calm.”

“Is that so? “It still felt like I was living the right life.”

‘greatness.’

It’s not that bad.

Bae Se-jin who thought he had gone off the rails quite a bit (?) finally received a problematic proposal.

fluttering.

Documents are handed over to the table and the work is briefly explained.

‘Modern mystery horror… ’

Based on a webtoon a slightly bizarre and chilly 21st century modern world view of Korea was revealed.

A friendly explanation follows to Bae Se-jin who quickly reads the content.

“It’s a Net Plus original drama.”

“ah.”

If so it was definitely capital that was separate from T1 unless it was related to the production studio.

then…

‘I can do it right.’

If it were a drama rather than a movie it would take longer to film but wouldn’t it be okay to promote the next album?

It was a time when Bae Se-jin was working hard to come up with an idea.

“But actually… I’ve taken quite a few pictures right?”

“…!”

for a moment.

“…are you casting me now?”

Is it seasonal?

That might be why he appears in Season 2…

“Actually there was a rookie who could shoot it so I tried it… That crazy guy took a video and an article was published. “Is it a regional statement or something?”

“…greatness.”

“Our Sejin is clean even though it’s been almost 20 years since he debuted right? But some rookie has lost his mind!”

The director tried to make a fuss by saying that these days all he has done is WeTube In Heart Tic Tac Tok.

The director hurriedly offered a sugar bomb coffee and detoured from the story.

“Anyway because they cut out the amount of content… they were behind schedule and the schedule was completely empty right? “Sejin contacted me right then so we were able to work together for the first time in a long time?”

“Ah… thank you.”

“what. “I feel like we’ve connected like this again!”

“That’s really true~ Thank you our director~”

“Ah I’m doing this because Sejin gave me the okay~”

The director and director grinned. And Bae Se-jin became nervous.

“…Then is the role you are giving me the role played by that new person?”

“…! Oh by the way the proportion is clear!”

The explanation continued hastily.

“I’ve met this person and that and watched countless auditions but I just can’t come up with a picture that I think is right for me.”

So it is said that the person who managed to find it was that rookie and since there was no replacement he persuaded the investor to give it a try.

“Is Net Plus being a bit lenient when it comes to this? But it was such a good role that I thought why not use someone with more recognition!”

“And since I’m a rookie with no promotional effect anyway there wasn’t even an article about it! “What on earth is this?”

“Oh yes.”

Bae Se-jin nodded but the director and director looked to see if Bae Se-jin was upset because they misunderstood that she was being treated as a ‘fool’.

But that wasn’t what Bae Se-jin was worried about.

‘I think the release date will be sooner than I thought because the filming period will be shorter.’

Being able to see the results quickly wasn’t a bad thing.

But at the same time one went over the water.

‘The album promotion… is vague.’

This is because Net Plus is taking the method of releasing all the episodes of a drama season in two at most.

Due to the need to secure editing time the release was slightly delayed.

In other words this drama will be released only around the end of this album’s activities.

‘…Maybe a month or two.’

If so it wouldn’t really help promote the album.

“…”

Bae Se-jin managed her expression and asked herself.

Did he really not know this?

These are members who know much more about idol activities than themselves.

The reason we all buried the uncertainty of when a drama or movie would be released was as ‘part of album promotion’…

‘…I was just cheering you on.’

Whether it helps the group’s activities or not it’s just for the sake of member Bae Se-jin.

Bae Se-jin gathered her courage to cry again.

“…First let’s take a look at the role.”

“Yes yes!”

“Wow Sejin speaks the same way as when she was really small.”

Bae Se-jin put the documents aside and picked up what was underneath.

It was a new script that had already been neatly completed.

He handed it over combatively.

‘You’ll do well.’

No matter what role you play you can do it well.

That’s the reward for your support…

“…”

“How are you doing Sejin?”

Bo reciprocate.

“Idols often start off with decent sub roles… Sejin shouldn’t be treated in a similar way with his acting skills!”

“…”

“Don’t you think it would be really good to have a strong image as an actor with this kind of psychopath?”

“that”

Bae Se-jin started to sweat!

* * *

Meanwhile Testa was planning to promote the album for three weeks starting with its first public music broadcast.

And fans could feel the atmosphere slowly changing.

-The kids are not coming to the karaoke bar. Didn’t they put their thumbprints and say they would come to the next comeback?

-Wow the entertainment accounts that were pretending to be friends so that they could somehow get together suddenly disappeared without even mentioning it lol.

-Kids’ entertainment… SBC MBS… um…

And everyone came to similar conclusions.

-T-one is T-one

-Oh ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss though

-Wow that’s really petty. Was it not enough just to stop Music Bomb?

-It seems like he really wants to kill Testa and steal his fans. Yeah I won’t watch Serba anymore.

In response to T1’s actions which were vicious by all accounts fans took to social media and filled them with curses which became a popular post.

[Testa suffering economic retaliation from its broadcasting station]

[Looks like you got cut off by Testa T1?]

In the end the news conveyed by the fans’ reactions and the articles that arranged Testa’s published schedule in a neatly organized or shocking way was ultimately one thing.

‘Testa was taken by T1! It’s not enough to draw a line! ‘The two have completely split up!’

The situation that Park Moon-dae had predicted from the moment he saw the article about the arrest of the T1 board of directors was later shared with the public as information in the form of rumors.

-omg…

-Awesome lol

In fact if we were not careful the group’s image could have been damaged.

A celebrity was ‘cut off’ from the platform. Don’t you feel like it’s going to become less topical have fewer appearances and fade away?

But it didn’t go there.

-I feel like I’m grinding my teeth while looking at T1’s album chart and music chart.

– Testa free life

-Oh you’re not Tinet Novi anymore.

-Isn’t this speculation? Maybe I’m sick of Testa and just won’t go out.

This is because Testa’s results were good.

That’s right.

The entertainment industry was one where attacks on ‘class’ were defended by shame and topicality and Park Moon-dae trusted that logic.

So I found that in this situation no special defense was needed.

-The large company that was supporting them has gone out of business… They won’t last long either.

└Aggro you’re such a bitch.

└Hey the initial tester already exceeded 1.7 million views and hit a career high. What do you think?

└ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└ Wow your stop loss is a huge profit!

└Perhaps this meant that T1 which was cut off by the large company Testa would not last long (contemplating emoticon)

This is because it is more fun for netizens to immerse themselves in Testa!

How refreshing! This feeling of quitting your job and becoming more successful!

However not all fans were very happy to see this reaction.

– Are they really doing this because they like our kids? They’re just… sexual predators… ㅠㅠ

-The reality right now is that the space for kids to show their faces has been cut in half. How worried must they have been… Ah a secret.

Because dealing with a platform wasn’t something that was taken lightly.

-I was wondering why the game was included in the album but I guess that’s why… Since it doesn’t seem like it will be on TV much I’m trying to fill it with content like this.

└ㅜㅜㅜㅜ

└Oh I’m really crying. Oh I have to buy another one.

And in that situation when one or two of the members’ individual appearance schedules were announced everyone felt like they understood…

-Okay guys try your best…

-This is my first time seeing so many individual testers… But other teams often do this as well.

-I’ll take care of everything. Fighting!

Moreover the members even openly spoke about it on W App.

[This time we wanted to show ourselves in more different schedules… so we took some pictures of ourselves.]

[that’s right.]

[This is how we do it! We are working hard~ Everyone!]

Although it was said in a very euphemistic and gentle way everyone could clearly see that it was definitely not ‘we wanted to do individual activities this time’.

This means that we filled in the time we couldn’t go out as a group.

-also

-Still let’s enjoy what has become of this and how nice it would be to see the kids playing together again.

It was a time when group fans were heartbroken and individual fans were crying out for their own gain.

Bae Se-jin’s article appeared.

[Testar Bae Se-jin’s comeback film is the anticipated Netflix film &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;]

-????

Bae Se-jin who had no personal schedule for entertainment or events has finally revealed her schedule.

-crazy

-It’s finally time to start acting haha.

-I’m so excited what should I do bbb

-Well I’ve been waiting for this drama to be made into a drama for quite some time. How are Bae Se-jin’s acting skills?

└Gaejjeom

└I was originally an actor.

Public reaction was favorable. Because he is a good-looking celebrity with no controversy over his acting skills.

And thanks to the groundwork so far Testa fans were somewhat moderate.

-Yes Bae Se… acting is better than entertainment.

-Oh my gosh I wanted to go out on Hamchi’s variety show alone and watch him fuss lol.

-ㅠㅠㅠCheering to all testers!

Still acting was a very ‘proper’ personal activity.

If any loopholes are seen in Bae Se-jin’s attitude towards group activities there will be malicious fans waiting with their eyes lit up to find fault.

“Sejin even if you’re a little tired today be sure to come and see us here.”

“okay.”

So Testa was working hard and paying attention to each other during live performances and schedules.

However one of the members had something else on his mind.

‘It’s about time.’

It was Park Moon-dae.

A few days later would be Testa’s debut anniversary so the end of June was already approaching.

At the same time the summer weather has quickly arrived.

And because he knew some unique information related to ‘this summer’.

Sure enough.

One day I was repeating checks.

[T-holic junior group is coming… Wonder Hall “New boy group &lt;ĭter&gt; appears”]

An article appeared.

‘also.’

Park Moon-dae immediately brought up the status window and checked.

The ‘hint’ you chose.

[Wonder Hole’s Rookie (B)]

-202X. A new male idol is finally scheduled to debut at Wonder Hall this summer.

As a large-scale project with an investment of 20 billion won over three years the new team’s unconventional plan is raising expectations within the company.

The hint was correct.

‘It’s worth using as expected.’

And one more thing to note. This hint was rated high enough to be a golden ‘B’.

It is true that the more specific the grade the higher the grade but that is not the only answer.

That’s probably because it’s that useful.

So Park Moon-dae thought.

‘I think this rookie will be quite popular.’

The immediate response from community comments was also quite positive.

Of course the reason is the value of the names Wonder Hole and Tea Holic.

-Wow finally a T-holic junior.

-Wonder Hole is really good because it has everything from soft tofu to hot guys so please let’s go like that this time too.

-I’m really curious will it become as popular as T-Holic?

└Do you think it will be difficult because things have changed since then?

└Still it’s a wonder hole so I think it might work haha.

T-Holic’s easy-going comfortable cool classmate or senior concept. The demand that was missing was still there.

No matter how much Testa is a popular idol who has made his name known he was created through entertainment and songs not through concepts.

Park Moon-dae made a cool decision.

‘I need to constantly check trends.’

But next week.

When their debut teaser was released.

-???????

-crazy

-Is this a T-holic junior…?

– Hahahahahaha I couldn’t even imagine.

Even Park Moon-dae could not have imagined that this reaction would occur.

“…!”

The junior of national idol T-Holic… chose a completely conceptual route.

Like Testa.
