---
title: "Chapter 469"
category: "book"
index: 468
section: "Chapter 469"
slug: "469"
---

# Chapter 469

“Is this them?”

“okay.”

Keun Se-jin who finished his personal schedule checked the link on his smartphone.

For reference the guy who was worried about various personal tasks ranging from performance competitions to exploration entertainment made a quite unexpected choice.

[Hope Game – Choices and Reversals]

It is a death game survival reality.

This program produced by WeTube a public broadcaster was not that popular but it had a solid fan base and was a hot topic on the Internet.

-And here too they subtly used dice as a symbol~ Since our album is ‘Roll the Dice’ I thought it would be a good way to promote it?

-I thought that if I performed well they would also include footage of our game in the edited video.

And as a guy who is very good at dealing with people and has a good mind he is likeable like a licorice and is taking care of his image by only showing off a few times at crucial moments.

Rather it seems that the character image becomes clearer through this than in normal popular entertainment shows.

They are filming two episodes at a time and it is said that they are even surviving until episode 6 which is currently being filmed.

‘To begin with I also have survival experience.’

You will never forget that the camera is rolling and you will have to deal with it.

In any case it also meant that the situation was sharp enough to be checked as soon as a person who was going to consume a lot of mental energy joined.

“T-holic seniors and juniors… um Wonder Hall agency.”

The group name is Eter.

That damn teaser video has been released.

I turned my attention back to the smartphone where the video was playing.

“…”

A background in faint colors.

A slight sepia tone filter and a film camera-like sensibility.

An emotional view unfolds with lawns and smiles with subtle saturation and highlights.

And boys.

They run and jump through countless spaces.

Bus stop on the roof of an old school a junkyard a playground with grass on a bridge with a sparkling night view…

It was dreamlike to see props appearing or arranged in the air as if they were following the scenery of the past.

And although it seemed deserted because there were no people we came to a faint intersection with a clean filter.

After a few sensuous dance cuts to dreamy and refreshing music.

Only the sound of a song resonates in silence.

[Jump over the timeline

haven’t seen yet

to you]

A boy standing at a traffic light took off as if flying toward the sky still glowing with dawn light.

A white hand covered the sky and the sunlight shone brightly.

[Show the way

– ĭter]

The end ends with white subtitles appearing silently on the screen.

“…”

Big Sejin confirmed it all without saying a word. And I checked the number of views.

In millions.

“hmm.”

The guy frowned and laughed.

“Shall we listen to the expert’s opinion first?”

“So how does our Ravin feel?”

“There are some interesting parts in the chords and instruments…”

Not long after one of the testers who all joined the ‘expert’ started making comments about the teaser.

Raebin Kim.

He is appearing alone on a program that gives songs to unknown singers who are being rediscovered.

Of course the identity of the composer is not revealed at first. Singers who come up through auditions listen to the given songs for just 30 seconds and then select and evaluate them by taking them back and forth.

And then… only after it becomes your own song can you see the identity of the composer and listen to the entire song.

-MC\: The identity of the White Rabbit composer who created song number 5 ‘Melody’ was none other than Testa Kim Rae-bin!

-Kim Rae-bin\: Please take care of me in the future…

-Participant\: Ahhh!! ah!!

-Participant\: Thank you!

-Kim Rae-bin\:…??

Even though it was a place where I could truly enjoy Testa’s name I couldn’t enjoy it at all. Only the viewers were enjoying it.

Anyway he gave this evaluation after watching the teaser.

“It seems like you and I have similar criteria when it comes to choosing auxiliary instruments for developing a melody! “I’d like to ask you how you came to choose this method.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin who had been quietly holding back could no longer bear it and shouted.

“You just copied it!”

“yes?!”

That’s right.

I rubbed my chin.

“I analyzed your song and used it as a reference.”

“…!”

“From what I hear it seems to be a reference to the ‘Magical Boy’ or ‘Wheel’ lines.”

The person in question must have found many other songs in his head that are partially similar.

Sun Ah-hyun closed her eyes and opened them as if she was embarrassed.

“Ugh now that I think about it this teaser image…”

“okay. “It feels a bit similar to the teaser from our debut.”

However that’s not true if you’re just referring to the ‘Magical Boy’ teaser.

For example the length editing and composition of this teaser are rather similar to those of ‘Training’.

The color is ‘Airplane’ and the prop is ‘Picnic’.

In that way it felt like they took various elements from Testa’s past activities to suit their tastes and then mixed them with other things that seemed good and re-established them.

‘It’s like a puzzle.’

“…! “Have they even created a world view?”

“Of course it was wouldn’t it?”

These days it would be harder to find a group in the male idol world without a worldview.

I immediately did a search and found the summary.

-Boys with superpowers who go back and forth between the past and the future in virtual reality.

A guide to dreaming eternity.

Each person wanders in their youth and sets out to find light.

Show the way – ĭter

‘oh.’

Time trip magic dream.

Bae Se-jin’s hands were shaking.

“…This is so similar to our previous concept…!”

“To be precise only the keywords are similar.”

I scanned it coolly.

“The keywords do not completely overlap.”

The time trip is strangely twisted by turning it into virtual reality and magic into superpowers.

‘It’s a bit more modern and technological.’

It will be easy to use on today’s platform.

“Plus they have clearly established their own identity.”

“where!?”

“here.”

I picked up the group name.

-ĭter

“They say it means road in Latin. “We took the group concept as ‘guiding’ and added a unique image to it.”

“…”

Maybe I should have expected something conceptual like this from the moment the group name was ‘Eter’ in the first place.

Anyway Bae Se-jin muttered in a somewhat vain tone.

“So… you didn’t follow us?”

“It’s true that we followed suit but it’s called benchmarking.”

Strictly speaking this means that it is not plagiarism.

“Should I say that they researched the best selling products in the market and created their own version?”

“…”

Bae Se-jin sat down with an uncomfortable look on his face.

‘I understand.’

Because I’m not in a very good mood either.

Looking at it it was definitely not plagiarism because it was pieced together from various references and also mixed in the agency’s unique characteristics.

However… it is also true that this group would not have emerged without Testa.

‘hmm.’

And it seemed like everyone felt it.

Bae Se-jin eventually muttered with a slightly bitter look on his face.

“It’s not that we’re the only ones who have to do this concept but… I think we’re the only ones doing this so far.”

“…”

Keun Se-jin hesitated a little but soon opened his mouth with a faint smile.

“Hmm actually there were a lot of groups like this before right?”

“Uh huh??”

Bae Se-jin was embarrassed.

But it was a clear fact.

‘It’s usually latecomers who come up with something that works well in the market right away.’

How many teams have attempted to benchmark Testa’s conceptual feel over the past few years?

However there was a crucial difference.

“But everyone just didn’t react that well~ That’s why I passed by without knowing.”

“…”

“This is actually a concept that is difficult to show off.”

That’s right.

Planning and capital power.

It was this conceptual image that was copied in a short period of time with a small budget and manpower and was not even worth the money.

“Then these guys…”

I answered.

“20 billion over 3 years.”

“…!!”

“I heard that a new project planning team was also established… so a lot of manpower must have been invested.”

This is information obtained from hints.

So… planning capital and manpower.

It is prepared with all three elements in place.

Three years that is.

“…”

There was silence for a moment.

Liu Chengwu who had been listening quietly opened his mouth.

“Then… I guess you came prepared properly.”

And soon after their title song was released.

* * *

[Ready and shut up!]

Laser lights split the screen along with intense moombahton music.

CG screens with flashy effects coding screens that fly by and boss raids by super-powered boys wearing goggles!

And even the dance break part that resembles a huge beast that is about to eat you with intensity.

“wow.”

Cha Yu-jin chewed popcorn with a sad look on her face.

“how is it.”

“The typical nerdy things. [Seriously there hasn’t been an academy in K-pop right?]”

Cha Yu-jin calmly sat on the sofa saying that video game enthusiasts would go crazy. It was as if he had completely forgotten that he had made a game in his last album.

“You did it too.”

“I’m cool. I’m good at everything. But those kids didn’t do that. [Immersion]?”

hmm.

I played the music video again.

‘Your appearance stats look good.’

And the camera work was dazzling with close-up shots and dynamic compositions alternating appropriately making it look like a cut from an action game.

I’m not sure what Cha Yu-jin meant but at least it didn’t look awkward.

Thanks to this die-hard KPOP fans have already joined the comments.

-The silver-haired boy has perfect skin.

-They are the perfect five stars! I look forward to their music broadcast stage 😀

-I think Ether will become one of the biggest K-pop groups.

However after completing the monitoring on TV Testa made a cool-headed assessment.

“This one reminds me of ‘Better me’ or ‘Drill’.”

“Yes yes. “The dance break is the style we did during the parade.”

Well if you just look at it the sections are similar.

The motorcycle prop composition and costumes remind me of Drill that battle scene… and even the atmosphere of the closed facility that was implemented reminds me of ‘Better me’.

Of course since the basic concept is different it is unlikely that the general public will immediately think of it.

‘Still if you get to this point you’ll probably know the basics.’

Even though we felt it better because we were the ones who produced the album ourselves we couldn’t have been the only ones who felt this.

“Is this… will the fans also talk about it?”

“…”

“Park Moon-dae just speak comfortably.”

I briefly looked at my smartphone.

“It does come out.”

“…!”

It also appears as the best comment in English right now.

-Am I the only one who looks like just another Testa copycat? 🙁

“…also!”

“But it’s hard to see that that’s necessarily a good thing.”

“Hmm.”

Bae Se-jin looked like she was going to scream ‘Why?’ at any moment but she seemed to hold back thanks to years of experience and trust.

And Sun Ah-hyun muttered a little cautiously.

“…Oh I can’t see that as plagiarism?”

“that’s right.”

On the contrary it could become a subject of ridicule.

like this.

-Testa paid the refreshing dream charter?

-I guess it’s just because the quality is good haha. Only our testers should do this!

-Ah Magical Boy was a few years ago. When are you talking about even Ether? These guys aren’t even wearing school uniforms haha.

-Testa All kinds of music videos have been cut out and if you’re comparing each scene like this all the idols are plagiarized.

Discourses collide.

It became a street worth fighting for.

‘It’s not good.’

Even if public opinion is once changed to ‘I copied it it’s a copycat’ because it is difficult to prove it can be overturned at any time.

‘If only the other person became popular!’

I immediately went to the entertainment gossip bulletin board and looked through the popular posts.

[The Eter visual member is this guy]

[Reminds me of Testa not Wonder Hole’s new T-Holic]

[Have you heard Eter’s debut song?]

[Wonderhole male idol rookie is so small and medium ㅠㅠ]

Posts that harshly criticize rookies posts that praise their looks and posts that criticize or criticize songs as good or bad are all posted as popular posts.

“…”

I got shot.

“Your expression doesn’t look good.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu spoke as if comforting him.

“What we used to call backlash. Is it because of that?”

“…There’s no need to go there.”

I massaged my shoulders.

“It’s becoming a hot topic. This group.”

“…!”

“This is the type of controversy that can be pushed aside over time if it gains fans. “If the song is good and the choreography is good it’s always beneficial to ask for another click.”

“So that’s how it is.”

right.

therefore. This is just… their buzz has increased significantly.

Viral marketing.

‘Fuck you.’

At the same time I had a hunch.

“He must have come out targeting this time as well.”

“Now?”

“…”

I raised my head. Big Sejin who made eye contact smiled bitterly and opened his mouth.

“When we were at our worst with T1… you mean?”

“…”

“There’s no way people in the industry didn’t know about that card when we were trying to become independent. “If I had heard it then… it’s almost unconditional right?”

That’s correct.

“…that’s right.”

“…!”

The members’ expressions changed as they understood those words.

“Then we… are going to debut when the relationship with T1 gets worse…”

“okay.”

This is the point when Testa is weakest.

When you were completely abandoned by a broadcasting station affiliate with which you were firmly connected it became easy to feel distant from the public and the frequency of exposure dropped.

When it is difficult to respond to a rising star.

“Right now we are unable to schedule anything related to T1. “Whether it’s broadcast or WeTube.”

but.

If you are a rookie from Wonder Hall a large entertainment agency that has already fostered T-Holics who are close to all broadcasters.

“But they can go anywhere.”

An unfair game had begun.
