---
title: "Chapter 470"
category: "book"
index: 469
section: "Chapter 470"
slug: "470"
---

# Chapter 470

After successfully increasing the buzz Eter a new company at a large agency that ‘benchmarked’ Testa began to gradually continue marketing.

From this point on predictions were easy.

‘If it were me… I’d straighten things out first.’

First of all since we have ignited the fire and attracted attention we need to provide a basis for capturing the image.

-There is a famous producer from MS Entertainment in the Eter planning team. They say that all lines have gone. Wow it looks like they gathered talent from all over.

└Wow awesome

-ㅋ Somehow MS… The quality started to deteriorate after the second year of working and everyone changed jobs.

-As soon as they debut they grab their hair in all directions. These guys are really dirty on unplay…

└Do you suck at Mangi?ㅠㅠ It’s pitifulㅠㅠ

– Hahaha Lover Viewer did something plagiaristic and did nothing so what should I do? I would have followed the MS idols but I don’t think it was Testa.

└Looking at the new episode I feel a sense of crisis.

The story slowly unfolds about how great this group’s dedicated team is and what process Ether went through to become a group.

-It is said that in the 5 months before Crazy Eter there were 30 members in the debut group. It was a perfect combination of 5 people.

-The reason why Eter’s face does not come together.jpg

-The lineup of new male idol group members that Wonder Hole has been in existence for 5 years.

If there is no human narrative of each member that can be broadcasted like a survival group it would be better to emphasize marketability.

‘Is it a luxury image?’

It is just one group that was created by selecting a large company with a lot of capital and manpower.

The image of a high-end cutting-edge model definitely worked.

Although it attracted a lot of aggro from fans of other low-age idol groups that had suddenly become popular.

However even that intentionally highlighted the level of swearing and criticism that was so extreme that it was frowned upon which in turn earned sympathy.

-Is it okay to manipulate the number of recommendations and move it up?

-What’s wrong with the kids who just debuted? Stop making personal attacks.

-LOL Why don’t you know that the stone tablets are becoming more and more like X because you consume plagiarism groups?

└I think it happens because of bastards like you

There wasn’t anything wrong with it but it wouldn’t matter whether it antagonized some people or not. This is because the differentiation strategy was already working well.

-But the real Wonder Hole is Wonder Hole… Even though the route was changed from the entertainment idol T-holic it doesn’t look awkward at all and it really smells like money.

-Of course I can’t ignore the stone slab lol.

-I really like capital-style concepts like Testa so it would be nice to see more idols like that. There’s a lot to enjoy but Testa’s fans’ reaction was scary.

‘…It’s possible because the album was chosen well in the first place.’

Didn’t you absorb various ‘references’?

The rookie group which matched the three beats of the song’s choreography MV rose resiliently thanks to capital and the power of a large agency.

[Go go go go yes Go!]

The concept of the choreography challenge on Tic Tac Tok was also well captured.

A filter exclusive to Eter that changes the boss monster from the music video to look like it was drawn with crayon on purpose.

Performing choreographed gestures like shooting those monsters with exquisite timing has become quite popular among teenagers who play Tic Tac Tok.

-I never dreamed that the conceptual male idol lineage would be brought to Wonder Hall…

-Wow fun

-Is there finally a generational change?

-No group has really taken off since Namdol Testa.

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I think it’s going to fail because it’s not popular. Is this all part-time work?

Expectation sarcasm antipathy liking…

In this way Eter has succeeded in becoming a hot potato in the idol world at this moment.

Of course the idol version especially the male idol version has become somewhat distant from the public as its target audience has moved overseas…

‘It doesn’t matter if it’s a typhoon in a teacup.’

The setting is finished here.

Haven’t you come up with a phrase to introduce to the public?

[Wonderhole’s monster rookie. The shooting choreography challenge is hot. The number of views on WeTube explodes.]

Because a few keywords were captured.

When appearing on a variety show it becomes clear ‘why’ they appeared and what image this group should be consumed and illuminated so that’s when it starts.

public exposure.

[Today’s guest… Oh my god!]

[I thought I was catching the boss but I actually shot my heart? Our shining superpower idols Gildori have invited Wonderhole’s new group ‘Eter’!]

[Waaah!]

“Um… ding dong deang karaoke is coming.”

“Boo.”

“We even signed up to go out again a few months ago but it just ended up like this.”

Some of the most popular entertainment shows.

And he appeared on a variety show hosted by T Holic himself and showed off his fresh rookie side a few times.

It didn’t come out too much.

I pick and choose among the ones that can come out and only get about three or four of the highest levels.

Moreover as a rookie he was a bit awkward but his firm and polite attitude wasn’t that explosively funny but…

The image is also imprinted.

‘Successful debut at a major agency!’

-The T-holic bus is really hard to get on.

-I think the answer is to debut in a large group.

-Still the kids look nice and nice. The dance members are all good-looking.

As it slowly seeped into the public’s perception ‘Eter’ soon began to be accepted as just a ‘new concept idol’.

‘Ah T-holic junior? I’ve heard the name at least once.’

‘Don’t they also have strange concepts? All idols say that these days. But guess what they’re trending these days?’

Taking this position… it was a clever hit and run.

“…”

I came to a conclusion after reading through media articles related to the ‘successful Ether debut’.

They say they succeeded in solidifying the board.

‘Now we will promote this achievement overseas and attract the global KPOP fandom.’

If you follow the standard course it will definitely happen.

In this edition the meticulous planning befitting a large well-established entertainment agency was carried out neatly based on the foundation of Testa’s marrow.

Oh he also got the timing right when Testa was at his weakest and hit him in the back.

And at this moment we the ones who suffered from it…

“It’s time to wrap up our activities.”

“yes.”

Well I didn’t really react.

We are just finishing our group activities to promote the album as scheduled at the end of our three-week domestic schedule.

Why?

Well first of all it was impossible to organize more group activities to keep that rookie group in check. I’m still squeezing it out as much as I can.

No not in the first place.

‘It’s stupid to react.’

We had to adopt a policy of ignoring it as much as possible.

‘No matter what reaction you give now it will only make the group a hot topic.’

As long as that side is the challenger the underdog and the rookie Rising… this is a natural structure.

Isn’t it too bad that no matter what gesture Testa shows the other side can frame public opinion and build an image?

‘Maybe that’s actually what I was hoping for.’

They must have thought that we might do something because artists would have a strong influence on our new agency.

Or perhaps Testa was so angry that he wanted to leave at least something meaningful.

Because we kept our mouths shut it ended up being like ‘Eter left a mark with a successful debut.’

That was right.

Of course fuck…

‘But that doesn’t mean I’m not angry.’

Even yesterday Keun Se-jin went boxing instead of Pilates.

I think he probably wanted to use something else instead of a punching bag.

‘anyway… ’

So for Testa who chose the meta of quietly waiting all that was left now was an extension of his original personal activities.

For example guys who appeared in entertainment series.

“Well Ahyeon is still fishing right?”

“yes…!”

Oh by the way Sun Ah-hyun surprisingly said she would do a program about fishing on a boat.

It’s even a fairly wild concept so it feels closer to ‘survival’ content with limited supplies…

“Isn’t it hard?”

“Everyone is so kind… I’m learning hard…!”

“Uhm. okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun has good physical strength and is not afraid of anything so it seems like she was surprisingly suited for it…

‘To begin with he was a guy who only had a glass mentality when it came to peer relationships.’

As a result he seems to have made a good impression on middle-aged people by doing unsavory tasks such as catching insects with his bare hands or diving bare-handed without blinking an eye.

-What’s going on with the deer?

-Oh it’s surprising isn’t Seon Ah-hyun so innocent?

└Review of watching 3 episodes in a row\: I would like to correct this. It’s not that I’m ignorant it’s that I have a crazy steel mentality.

-Is he there with the face of a prince?ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

It seems to have had the effect of attracting light fans by connecting with the unexpected character shown in the game’s hidden route.

Sun Ah-hyun who rides a boat all day without changing her complexion at all must have seemed like a role in some kind of drama.

‘I don’t get motion sickness either.’

It must be funny that someone who practiced spinning in the air every day in middle and high school would get seasick.

Anyway this means that apart from the rookie group Testa’s individual activities themselves are successful.

“Ah Sejin is filming a drama this afternoon too!”

“Oooh!”

“Fighting!”

“…Hmm thank you.”

Bae Se-jin has now officially started filming.

Cha Yu-jin who was the first to finish filming her personal schedule stood next to Bae Se-jin who was holding a script and asked.

“Hyung do you like filming?”

“That’s okay though.”

“Is The Part fun? “What kind of person are you?”

“Uh… the main character’s friend.”

Bae Se-jin pulled out the script and answered bluntly. Was he worried that Cha Yu-jin would tear up the script?

“I have many kinds of friends! But in my opinion if you are not the best friend your part is small. Or are you the worst friend?”

“…neither of them but they created a deep bond in that short period of time.”

Bae Se-jin said turning around as hard as he could.

For your information the reason for doing so was explained to me the day after the first meeting.

-Hey… I signed a contract!

-Wow!

The guy who was raising his fist majestically stiffened at the next question.

-ah! What role did you take on?

-…

-brother?

-Is there a confidentiality agreement? It’s hard to tell the exact role! It’s not that I don’t trust you but there might be someone eavesdropping so just in case…!

-Calm down Sejin I understand.

He said he was like that so he left it alone.

And Bae Se-jin continued to give a euphemistic explanation to Cha Yu-jin with a serious face again.

“And the supporting role is a supporting role but there are scenes that are impressive… in many ways. “It’s pretty good.”

“Umm.”

“…Giving the protagonist an opportunity to awaken! “That’s it!”

For reference as someone who has only briefly read the original webtoon a few candidates come to mind. Although they all die in the middle of the season.

‘That’s why you care so much about the confidentiality clause.’

“OK. “It’s okay if you like me.”

“okay!”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders and Bae Se-jin hurriedly closed the script and turned her head.

“But more than that… Are you leaving them like that? The one who follows us…!”

“hmm…”

It’s clear that he’s trying to change the subject but should we let it go?

“For now we just leave it at that because we think our reaction is what they want.”

“okay. “I understand that but… it can’t continue to be like this.”

“brother…”

“Well I agree with you too!”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin looked back with slightly surprised eyes.

Keun Se-jin came out after washing up and sat down at the table.

“Maybe during the next comeback if people think ‘Oh it’s less popular than I thought’ they’ll be asking for more testa~? “Even if we intentionally overlap our schedules.”

Bae Se-jin had a straight face. But Big Sejin laughed heartily.

“Ah but we already know everything! “You can prepare from now on.”

And then he looked back at me.

“Really Mundaemun University?”

yes.

I looked down at my smartphone.

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: Brother Moondae! Haha Congratulations to the Testa seniors on becoming legends again with this activity!!

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: We want to come back quickly so we are preparing hard!ㅠㅠ

spacer.

Just like last time I paired Mirinae with a rookie from Youngrin’s company… I was planning on putting Spacer in a higher weight class as well and hooking her up with them.

‘I need to do some positioning.’

I finished my thoughts quickly by checking the spacer’s profile.

And actually even if that wasn’t the case I was planning to meet Kwon Hee-seung once.

In fact with Testa releasing this album… the company finally achieved results.

[‘Testa (★★★★★)’s album\: ‘ released!]

Album rating\: S

Music ranking\: 3rd (daily highest)

Album sales\: 1823281 copies

Total revenue\: adding up

We’ve only finished promoting domestically and haven’t started a tour yet so the notation is like this but the important things lie elsewhere.

As soon as grades and income were determined they were immediately reflected in the company’s rating.

[Company grade (D+) → Company grade (B-)]

Promotion successful!

It was rapid.

A lot of additional things have changed and been given as compensation but the most important thing is this pop-up.

[Mission accomplished!]

Mission\: &lt;Stars Orbit Entertainment&gt; Achieve B-grade

-‘Fragments of ■■■’ can be recovered

This has been achieved.

“…”

Fragments of the system.

It was the one that caused the ‘mission failure’ that caused the building to collapse and changed the bodies of me and Keundal.

I think I was able to retrieve it from that guy first.

Before ‘Mission Failed’ appears.
