---
title: "Chapter 471"
category: "book"
index: 470
section: "Chapter 471"
slug: "471"
---

# Chapter 471

The meeting with the spacer took place quickly the very next day.

To be exact I met Heeseung Kwon who was representing Spacer in the conference room.

“Oh Hee-seung~ It’s been so long!”

“Oh my brother!”

I sat down and glanced at Keun Se-jin and Kwon Hee-seung who were making a fuss.

Then as if imitating me a guy pushed the chair next to me and sat down.

This is Cha Yu-jin.

The guy crossed his arms and nodded.

“Are you going to have lunch afterward?”

No why did you follow me?

“If you’re hungry why don’t you just stay at the dorm?”

“I’m bored. “I don’t have a schedule.”

“hmm.”

I guess so.

This is because Cha Yu-jin’s personal schedule ended unusually quickly.

It’s just… I filmed it for 4 days and 3 nights.

As for how that was possible the choice he made was…

[Camping Diary\: Our story grows.]

…Because this is it.

It is a public broadcast entertainment show that gathers troubled children with their own stories and goes camping and a celebrity appears as a camp instructor listens to their situations and grows mentally together.

As you may have guessed this is the program that had this kind of response when it was first launched.

-I’m not curious about their circumstances.

-At that time give victims of school violence more chances. Damn is it true that you empathize with the perpetrator?

-Celebrities aren’t experts they’re healing instructors lol. I just… have nothing to say.

-I’m going to squeeze out the juice again. It’s already disgusting.

-Isn’t it okay for celebrities who have had accidents to come out as instructors and sell their stories? Wow double washing haha.

Who planned it?

Indeed they excitedly criticized it for being an old-fashioned idea for a public broadcaster.

Of course when I opened the lid it was just a lukewarm general entertainment show so I got tired and settled down.

-They say he’s a problem child but it doesn’t seem that bad? These are kids who just need counseling rather than things like this.

-If you look at it half of that situation is probably a coincidence but it has already been revealed that he is a shopping mall operator and an aspiring actor haha.

└Ugh

It involves participants who appear to be ordinary people and tell exaggerated stories created for promotional purposes.

But I heard that Cha Yu-jin is appearing in a program like this?

-What are you going to do?

-Just bring out the water bomb.

– Cha Go-young is nice but he’s a Cali guy so he’s full of positivity. Don’t you think he’ll just go and criticize you?

Fans and the public alike were confused as to what he was going to say.

However on the day of the broadcast.

-Participant\: Wow Cha Yu-jin!

-Participant\: Is this Testa Cha Yu-jin? that’s right? Hey can you see it here? Cha Yujin!

-Cha Yujin\:…

-Cha Yu-jin\: I don’t call my instructor that.

-????

Cha Yu-jin who uses a military accent appeared.

No one expected it.

Of course you may think that if you use a clumsy tone like that it will be awkward and you will be looked down on even more…

-Participant\: Hey we really need to do something like rock climbing…

-Cha Yu-jin\: No questions until the end.

-Participant\: (Inhale)

The guy who already had military entertainment experience in the system virtual world even used idioms skillfully…

-What the hell is this?

Viewers and participants who did not know this fact could not help but be embarrassed.

Taking advantage of that opportunity Cha Yu-jin began to control teenagers in their late teens like a ghost.

After the first impact when it was time to let go he listened to me like a ghost took care of me and made me attached to him.

-Why do you have the tone of an instructor but the attitude of an American camp instructor?

-Cha Yujin is so funny and heartwarming…

-Is this the taste of someone with American camp experience?

Anyway Cha Yu-jin who once set the stage with her unique speaking style went back and forth between strictness and kindness humor and seriousness and even dealt with any potential image controversy.

And they even created a meme with an old-fashioned broadcast style subtitle called ‘Instructor Tanaka’ and achieved tremendous cost-effectiveness…

‘I wonder if they calculated it.’

The fact that it didn’t seem like that made him even more amazing. I remembered what that guy said when I chose this.

-I have experience now.

“…”

And now he is next to me nodding his head with a sullen face.

“And I have the right to hear this conversation myself. “I’m a team member.”

Are you coming?

Since he is a guy with good sense he might come up with a good opinion based on his quick judgment. I decided to refer to Cha Yu-jin’s remarks.

And only then did Keun Se-jin and Kwon Hee-seung who had just finished greeting each other sit down on the chairs in the conference room with joy.

Kwon Hee-seung’s eyes lit up.

“Wow so Moon Dae is producing our spacer? Hey!”

okay. I called it that story.

“Check before that.”

“…yes?”

I nodded.

“Can you believe it?”

“…!”

“Even though we are from the same agency you know that we are ultimately competitors. “But don’t you have any doubts about whether I will come up with a plan that will give Spacer unconditional success and only good results?”

“…”

Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung kept his mouth shut.

‘also.’

Unless you are an idiot you would have suspected it.

The three testers waited slowly for an answer without any prompting.

And after a short silence.

The guy… smiled shyly.

“Oh no?”

“…!”

“But isn’t there someone who doesn’t do that brother?”

Kwon Hee-seung laughed.

I felt like I was a bit liberated.

“Even when we were at T1 I don’t think the employees planned everything in a way that was beneficial to the company. So in the first place we never received a plan that was only good for us…”

The guy mumbled and then raised his thumb.

“Isn’t that what society is all about? “We do this in the hope of mutual benefit!”

“…I see.”

“Of course!”

indeed.

This is the perception of reality that befits a guy who made money in stocks as soon as he returned to the past.

“And seeing as you say this I actually like it right? Are you telling us what this plan is what is dangerous for us and what is good for you?”

“That’s right.”

Rather than keeping your mouth shut and causing problems it is cleaner to make it okay for yourself even after giving notice.

I told you everything but you chose? Can’t we say something else about this later?

‘It’s like an insurance policy though.’

It was a time when I was thinking a bit bitterly.

“and.”

“…?”

Why are you even sighing in admiration?

“Huh… bro that’s the conscience of the top 1% in the world? Be proud!”

“…”

“Wow what are you doing? Are you actually a saint pretending not to be?”

“That’s right the gate is a bit like that isn’t it?”

no.

“That’s right. “There’s actually no benefit to you but you care about that while helping our group…”

So this company is my system… no let’s stop.

I pressed my temples and opened my mouth.

“…Anyway then let the story begin.”

“Keuu yep!”

Kwon Hee-seung nodded. The anticipation and nervousness about what strategy will come out is evident on their faces.

Big Sejin opened his mouth with a friendly smile.

“Heeseung~ You know the Wonderhole rookie group that debuted this time right? Ether!”

“Yes yes.”

Kwon Hee-seung’s face seemed to briefly show several predictions as if he was aware of the related controversy…

The next horse was bleached.

“Those friends will be a great help to our spacer promotion!”

“…?!”

To be precise it means that we will make it available to you.

* * *

And after a few tens of minutes.

“…”

Kwon Hee-seung who was sitting in the conference room blankly as if he had just been hit by a storm had no focus in his eyes.

It seems like the shock was severe.

“It’s okay if you think it through and answer.”

“No… that”

Kwon Hee-seung swallowed his saliva.

“Is this going to happen?!”

“I told you because it worked.”

“That’s right… you can just say it.”

That much?

Kwon Hee-seung began to look down at the conference room table with a serious face this time.

Just when I thought this guy was almost counting patterns.

Drurr.

“Oh please talk to me for a moment.”

“okay.”

Heeseung Kwon’s smartphone rang and he got up closed the door and left the conference room.

Tuk.

“…”

After a short silence.

I opened my mouth.

“You made the call right?”

“no. “I think it’s true that he really came.”

“hmm.”

I thought you were trying to discuss it with the members right away.

Actually I was planning to invite a few more Spacer members to this event but it was surprising that Kwon Hee-seung said he would only appear alone for now.

“Is that person the leader?”

“Spacer? “There is no leader system there but Heeseung is number one and the center so he has a big role.”

“Ouch.”

Why are you looking at me? You are the center.

Anyway I banged on the table in the conference room for a while and got up on time.

At this point it would have been time for him to end the call.

“I need to go to the bathroom for a moment.”

“okay.”

I carefully left the conference room to have a private conversation with Kwon Hee-seung.

Tuk.

However the moment I closed the door I realized that Kwon Hee-seung’s voice was echoing softly in the passage.

The guy was still on the phone.

“Uh oh ay! Ah I heard that this song is really good. I really believe it! “Brother you’re really talented at composing music so why worry!”

“…”

“If I get good promotions I’ll hit the charts? Now that the company is good we will do better… uhh. Good luck with your work.”

The guy said that as if he was admonishing me and ended the call.

And after sighing briefly… our eyes met.

“Uh um. older brother”

He seemed embarrassed.

‘…after.’

“sorry. “I didn’t mean to listen.”

“I thought so… hmm.”

Kwon Hee-seung seemed a little embarrassed so he unusually dragged on.

‘shit.’

I held back a sigh and opened my mouth again.

“…It seems like the team atmosphere is good.”

“Yes of course.”

Heeseung Kwon leaned against the wall and sighed.

“But honestly… it’s not like there are only people who work hard like you guys right? “I think our season of &lt;Azusa&gt; was a truly unique season.”

“…”

As he was caught in a slightly embarrassing conversation he either decided to speak outright or was inadvertent as he continued his next sentence.

“Well there were times when I imagined what it would have been like if I had debuted back then… but I made it to the finals anyway.”

ah.

At that moment I realized what this guy was thinking of when he said this.

It’s not just the entire final episode.

‘The last member’s name is called.’

My number one perk.

-Participant Park Moon-dae with the authority of first place can nominate one of the 14 participants who made it to the final ranking announcement ceremony as a team member to debut with!

And I… passed that choice over to the viewer.

To eliminate as many aftereffects as possible.

-The participant I chose… is the 7th participant chosen by shareholders.

But in fact among the remaining participants who could not be called testa members this guy was the one who was closest to me as a team member.

Gold 2. Heeseung Kwon.

There’s no way that guy didn’t have expectations right then and there.

Even though it’s already been more than 5 years I still remember it.

‘Besides the test didn’t usually go well.’

But his conversation did not flow into lamentation.

“But the more I thought about it the more I realized. Still I think my team is good right now. Ugh… I’m getting so attached.”

“…”

“The guy I talked to earlier doesn’t have much confidence but he’s a really fun person right? “We make good songs… but our music records aren’t that good these days.”

Spacer is objectively a group that has settled in well.

Popularity naturally decreased immediately after survival and the music score also declined. However album sales gradually increased and overseas popularity was steadily secured.

However people compare everything comparatively and who would Spacer be most comfortable comparing to?

‘Testaj.’

You probably haven’t heard that kind of comparison from a company where they aren’t very good at their work.

But the guy in front of me shrugged his shoulders and said this.

“So please take care of me brother! “I’ll have to listen to the other members’ opinions and say it again but for now I’ve decided that I absolutely want to take on the challenge!”

“…”

“We have to prove that we Spacer are still a great group with a bright future ahead of us!”

“…okay.”

“You only live once! No we don’t have that… hmmm one more chance anyway.”

“…”

I chuckled. And then he turned his gaze away from Kwon Hee-seung who was squinting his eyes.

The pop-up that had been there from the moment we met was still visible.

[Reconfirmation of owner of ‘Fragment of ■■■’]

Would you like to absorb ‘■■■ Fragment (1 / 4)’ into ‘Company Use’?

※It may take some time.

“…”

Well anyway they’re just using that guy to get rid of that new group.

I was planning to upgrade the company’s system functions but I don’t think there’s any need to incur debt by directly telling that guy that the mission was a failure and all.

So… there’s nothing bad about this either.

I quietly responded to the status window without saying a word.

‘okay.’

Then the pop-up started glowing.

“…!”

“Then shall we go into the conference room?”

The guy didn’t react much perhaps because he couldn’t see Kwon Hee-seung… but the light coming out of the pop-up wrapped around Kwon Hee-seung once.

And it was the moment when it gently returned to pop-up.

[‘■■■ Fragment (1 / 4)’ recovered!]

The contents of the pop-up seemed to change like that but soon all the pop-ups disappeared and a new pop-up made up of very simple lines appeared.

[Updating ‘For Company Use’]

‘Is this the end?’

I thought there would be some kind of reaction in my body but it didn’t seem to be the case.

Instead I was about to take a closer look at the pop-up.

bang!

“…!!”

“What is it?”

Suddenly the conference room door opened.

The person who opened the door was a big man with a pale face.

The guy shouted.

“Call someone!”

what?

“Eugene collapsed. “Call someone!”

“…!!”

I immediately looked into the conference room.

There Cha Yu-jin was seen falling under a chair.

“…”

why?

“Park Moon-dae!”

“uh.”

I moved my feet right away. The fastest way is to call someone from work and go to the emergency room.

But even as I ran I thought.

What the fuck is going on?

Next to it the system window did not disappear and continued to follow.

[Updating ‘For Company Use’]
