---
title: "Chapter 472"
category: "book"
index: 471
section: "Chapter 472"
slug: "472"
---

# Chapter 472

Cha Yu-jin who collapsed in the conference room was immediately taken to the emergency room.

“Cha Yujin? Eugene!”

“Can you hear me?”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin did not move the entire time she was being transported in the car.

My whole body which was normally filled with vitality and energy to the very end of my limbs showed no response.

It looked like an object.

It was strange.

“How did this happen?!”

“…I just suddenly collapsed… but there were no other symptoms. at all.”

Does everything like this happen suddenly in my life?

What kind of idiotic analysis and response are you talking about? No matter how hard you try to prepare when the situation finally comes it turns out to be useless…

‘no.’

I pressed my thighs.

I haven’t even done a proper inspection yet but you’re already doing a good job. Fuck you.

Let’s do something productive.

‘Starting with the symptoms.’

I stretched out my hand to Cha Yu-jin’s face. Then I checked his breathing and heartbeat.

“…”

“Park Moon-dae?”

I exhaled.

“…Your breathing seems to be stable.”

“ah…!”

I’m not an expert but at least I wasn’t panting or my heartbeat was too loud or shallow.

At that moment Keun Se-jin started checking immediately massaging his arms and legs.

“I don’t think my complexion is that bad. “You’re a little pale but your temperature seems to be okay right?”

“uh.”

The body temperature is not that noticeably low either. At least that’s how I felt.

The manager who was driving must have heard us and muttered frantically.

“Then it could have been something like that. That Miju… whatever it was it was fainting.”

ah.

“Vasovagal syncope.”

“ah! Yes that…”

“…”

It is most often caused by extreme stress or tension.

And the reason I know this… is the same reason this company employee knows this.

“There are quite a few among idols. Since this is an active period testers may also feel the same way. “I just moved to a new company and the environment has changed…”

“…”

okay. It is true that we are in a complicated situation in many ways.

but.

‘Cha Yujin?’

In the negative votes for ‘Azusa’ who was the one who laughed it off when everyone else was dead and managed his own mentality even when he was criticized for rumors of camera violence?

‘Cha Yu-jin barely felt this much ‘extreme stress and tension’ and lost her mind… ’

No is this the face of someone who fainted in the first place?

‘I think… I’m asleep.’

I looked again at Cha Yu-jin’s calm expressionless face who was breathing lightly.

No matter how much you think about it it’s unnatural.

“…! “I arrived at the hospital right away…”

“yes!”

The car which was running like crazy secretly arrived at an emergency room near the company not long after and Cha Yu-jin was immediately taken to the hospital.

Keun Se-jin muttered lowly as he chased into the hospital with the employees who came out of the company vehicle that followed him.

“I’ll contact the other kids later…”

“…”

This means that it should be done after the test results come out.

“It might not be a big deal. “No I think so.”

“okay.”

However I had no idea what the result would be.

Because Cha Yu-jin collapsed without any warning.

But I still don’t know what’s strange!

‘…Fuck you.’

I stood against the wall and began to think about this incredibly unnatural situation.

But something even more unnatural was waiting next.

* * *

“The results came out and they said it was like a temporary loss of consciousness.”

“yes?”

“In cases like this they usually say it’s just stress but they say they can check the brain more to find out… but they said there were no other abnormalities in the tests they’ve done so far.”

“…”

Even though I said it in different ways in the end the meaning was the same.

The cause is currently unknown.

“Anyway he said he would come back to consciousness soon!”

“Phew.”

“Yes thank you.”

Still I was glad that it didn’t seem like the worst situation.

So far let’s say we’ll do some more testing.

The problem was next.

“Now I have to contact the members.”

“…okay.”

Keun Se-jin and I were planning to split up and talk to the other members about Cha Yu-jin’s current condition. I thought it would be better than hearing it from someone at work.

But I learned it in the process.

“…You said that too?”

Most of the other members I contacted had mild but similar symptoms.

-No I didn’t completely collapse but I experienced something like dizziness… so filming stopped for a moment. More than that Cha Yu-jin!?

-… I thought I just fell asleep in the car but maybe that wasn’t the case. Now that I look at it I’m sure I wasn’t sleepy.

-I thought it was a side effect from my recent overdose of caffeinated beverages… but I have no idea. I… I’m going to the hospital right away!

‘what’s this.’

I wasn’t able to confirm because I left a text message so as not to disturb Sun Ah-hyun who was still on a boat and filming fishing but there were already three people.

I faced Keun Sejin with a serious face.

“you”

“I was fine. “What about you?”

“me too.”

But when it gets to this point it becomes a different problem.

“They say it could be food poisoning or infection-related so let’s get it tested.”

We underwent a comprehensive inspection first before other members arrived.

“Brothers!”

“Ravin.”

And even Kim Rae-bin who came running looking like she was about to cry was examined next.

But for all of us the results were clean.

“…There is no need to immediately call the members who are scheduled.”

“…”

There was nothing leaked to the media either.

That’s because Cha Yu-jin didn’t have an accident or get sick in the first place.

I literally just suddenly ‘lost my mind’.

“…”

“That brother. this.”

I raised my head at the sound of calling.

As if she had already arrived Raebin Kim had a black envelope in her hand. The guy took out a drink from there and held it out.

It was a gold-colored red ginseng drink commonly found in convenience store warmers.

“You might be wondering why it’s such a hot drink in the summer but since you’ve been sitting indoors with strong air conditioning for a long time I think this might be better…”

“…thanks.”

I quietly opened the red ginseng honey tea he offered and drank it.

Then a resolute voice was heard.

“Cha Yu-jin will be fine. Previously when I was a trainee I had a conversation about my family history and there was a time when I boasted about not having any illnesses…”

“…”

I think he’s trying to comfort me.

Me indeed.

I smiled faintly.

“okay. As I said before the doctor also said that Cha Yu-jin would wake up soon. Don’t worry too much either. “He’s such a healthy guy.”

“…! yes…”

Raebin Kim barely nodded and quietly sat down next to him and began sipping his drink. I caught a glimpse of Keun Se-jin patting me on the back.

“…”

I leaned back against the wall and thought.

okay. Cha Yu-jin is a healthy guy.

He was a guy who could be considered to be in the top 1% both physically and mentally but he suddenly collapsed without warning…

‘And it just so happens that the majority of our group nearly fainted at a similar time.’

But no one says there are any health problems. Even Cha Yu-jin is like that in the prosecutors so far.

So among the remaining possibilities… which one is the most suspicious?

‘It’s a supernatural intervention.’

I twisted my head into the air.

[Updating ‘For Company Use’]

“…”

If you think about it.

Didn’t this happen as soon as I absorbed the ‘fragment of ■■■’ in Kwon Hee-seung?

And losing my mind like this…

‘It seems similar to the symptoms that appear when I enter a virtual world created by the system.’

I still remember it well. That damn status window pop-up that appeared at that time.

-Enjoy your daydream 🙂

-Enjoy your reality 😀

A daydream made with coins and a world of systems.

Of course the status window at the top was more of an opportunity created by the big moon to save me but…

‘for a moment.’

At that moment I realized that I had found someone worth asking about this situation.

‘Big moon.’

This is Sang Tae-chang the person who created the daydream.

And after a while.

[Your brother! What’s going on?]

Fortunately the response came quickly.

‘after.’

[Yeohyung are you really in the hospital right now? There’s some problem right?ㅠㅠ]

‘I don’t have it but other guys have it.’

[yes?!]

I briefly explained what had happened.

Let’s skip the pop-up reaction which was full of screams and worries and get to the point…

‘So is it possible that Cha Yu-jin’s consciousness is captured in the system?’

This is it.

I don’t know the principle but the timing is so perfect.

And a quick response came back from the pop-up which recognized the seriousness of the situation.

[Let’s check the status window right away!]

okay.

I nodded happily.

But after a while.

[That brother. Right now this status window and the system itself are not working…]

He brought unexpected news.

‘Not moving?’

[yes! It seems like the function has stopped altogether…]

[It says updated now right? At the same time I think it’s because it’s completely reorganizing itself. Why is this not working just as we can’t use it when we update the app?]

“…”

So does this mean that there is no possibility that Cha Yu-jin’s spirit is lost somewhere due to the machinations of the system?

Because the system stopped altogether?

[yes!]

And this guy also added a hypothesis of his own.

[If it is really related I think some kind of error occurred during the update process.]

But that means that Testa will be affected when updating this ‘corporate’ thing.

In other words it may sound like a very bad thing.

‘…Are you sure that Testa is being treated as part of this company’s system?’

[Rather than that… I think they may have unilaterally given too much meaning to it since the only thing this system has dealt with so far is the Testa album…]

“…”

Somehow… it feels a bit dull.

[Anyway I didn’t find any particularly strange tricks bro!]

‘okay.’

If that’s the case… I’m glad it’s really not a big deal.

‘Anyway thank you. ‘I’ll contact you when you wake up.’

[yes! Don’t worry too muchㅠㅠ]

After finishing my conversation with Big Moon I saw the update pop-up still floating around.

Then holding back a sigh I asked.

I was wondering if I would get an answer.

‘How long will it take?’

Surprisingly something popped up.

[※Use is restricted during update.]

‘Fuck you.’

It’s a story I know.

‘Are you telling me to just wait it out?’

If it was really related and Cha Yu-jin was stretched out throughout the update I was thinking about pulling out this damn system as soon as the update was finished.

“Guys. Chungwoo says he’s coming right after his schedule is over and…”

“…eww”

Big Sejin’s words stopped.

And the sound that made him stop talking did not come from me or Kim Rae-bin.

It came from the hospital bed.

“…!!”

“Cha Yu-jin…!”

We jumped up immediately.

“It’s not a company it’s a doctor…!”

“wait!”

Big Sejin who was standing close to the door quickly ran out to call someone. And Raebin Kim and I immediately headed to bed.

There…

Cha Yu-jin was frowning and twisting her body to the side.

He woke up.

“Cha Yujin!”

Cha Yu-jin who was squirming was muttering as she was rubbing her face with her hands.

[Damn headache…]

“…”

english?

“Are you in a lot of pain?”

At that moment Cha Yu-jin stopped moving.

And when he lowered his hand his raw eye without lenses was revealed.

Their eyes met piercingly.

[korean? I don’t remember calling 911 but who are you to bring me here…]

…what?

However Cha Yu-jin turned her gaze further and recognized someone else.

“Ravin?”

“Cha Yujin Cha! “Are you okay?”

However this time he looked embarrassed again.

“Raebin Kim why are you in America?”

“…”

“What are you talking about! “This is Korea!”

“korea? [You think I’ve been kidnapped by some kind of international kidnapping…]… Wait a minute Kim Rae-bin did someone give you brownies or something? “Chocolate chip cookies?”

“What are you talking about?!”

Raebin Kim is in confusion!

And at that moment Cha Yu-jin muttered a few crude English curses and sighed.

And then he mutters to himself again.

“Ah… that’s enough. [Just once. Just take the medicine off before you go back to Korea and you’ll be fine. Anyway we’re not a KPOP boy band anymore.]”

At this point Kim Rae-bin was scared.

He grabbed my arm and shouted.

“Brother Mumundae. Cha Yu-jin is strange!”

I know.

“The strange one is you Raebin Kim.”

However Cha Yu-jin responded sternly as if she were dealing with a person who was really sick.

Then he turned to me and shook the back of his head.

[Perhaps Mundae… ‘Mundae brother’? [Did you bring Kim Rae-bin and me to the hospital after consuming weed without knowing anything?]

And Cha Yu-jin laughed.

“thank you.”

“…”

“Well you’re not going to tell Korea are you? [Because steer is over anyway.]”

That moment. I recognized who ‘Cha Yu-jin’ sitting here was.

-Steer.

Steer not testa.

It was the name of the group that originally debuted in &lt;Azusa&gt; before I participated in &lt;Azusa&gt; as Park Moon-dae.

‘…Fuck you.’

And the pop-up was updated in the air next to the face of ‘Steer Cha Yu-jin’.

[Updating ‘For Company Use’]

-D-30 to completion
