---
title: "Chapter 473"
category: "book"
index: 472
section: "Chapter 473"
slug: "473"
---

# Chapter 473

The medical staff determined that Cha Yu-jin’s condition was ‘stress-related confusion.’

Celebrities are a profession in an industry that sees everything so there have been several similar cases in the past.

“You couldn’t sleep so when you suddenly came to your senses you started throwing things…”

Since he has woken up and is in good health according to the examination it is an ambiguous decision that there is a high probability that he will be fine if he rests his mind and body.

“All right. thank you…!”

However Kim Rae-bin’s expression improved a bit as if she felt relieved just because the expert had commented on ‘previous cases’.

“I’m sorry but…”

And Keun Se-jin started another separate conversation with the medical staff.

It seemed like he was probably trying to ask ‘What steps would you take if Cha Yu-jin didn’t get better on her own in a few hours?’

Employees are working like crazy running around and making phone calls. Half of them are holding meetings and the other half are urgently adjusting their schedules.

‘It’s a mess.’

And by that time ‘Steer’ Cha Yu-jin also seemed to have realized the strangeness of the situation.

At least you would have noticed that this was not the United States the moment the medical staff and staff came in speaking Korean.

“Mundae do you want to stay here with Eugene? “I think it would be better to divide the burden that way.”

“…okay.”

And from my perspective strangers are acting like they know me well.

However this guy did not cause a scene during the inspection.

-Would you like to explain Testa? well.

-Oh… no. I was sleeping.

He simply did not have a very cooperative attitude and only gave appropriate answers to questions asked quietly.

‘Are you looking into the situation?’

It was then.

bang!

“Guys!”

“…!”

The person who hurriedly opened the door and appeared was another member who was on a schedule.

However it was not Ryu Cheong-wu who had been warned by Keun Se-jin that he would come soon.

“Sejin hyung!”

It was Bae Se-jin who was panting.

The guy who ran with all his might holding on to the doorknob to catch his breath had a red face.

“Well… filming ended early so I came here first… Cha Yu-jin did you wake up?!”

“yes!”

Apparently the moment I was worried and ended I contacted them and it seemed like they came right away. The guy greeted Raebin Kim and walked up to Cha Yujin.

‘I thought Liu Chengyu would come first.’

It seems that Bae Se-jin arrived first because the filming location was close…

wait for a sec.

‘…Bae Se-jin?’

I suddenly realized something.

I said &lt;Relisting! The previous life that did not enter the body of Park Moon-dae who did not participate in Idol Co. Ltd.

At that time… Bae Se-jin also debuted and was active as a steer.

short.

-Lee Se-jin a former member of ‘Idol Co. Ltd.’ was arrested on charges of drug distribution.

“…”

Until it appeared on the 9 o’clock news as a drug supplier… that is.

Of course it is also true that Steer’s activities were not that smooth from the beginning due to problems with the agency and fandom.

However it was clear to anyone that the drug news was the starting point of a fatal turnaround in Steer’s career.

“…”

And now sitting in the hospital room…

“Oh.”

…If it’s Cha Yu-jin from ‘Steer’.

‘Fuck you.’

I immediately moved closer to the bed. I heard Bae Se-jin ask a worried question from a distance away from me.

“Are you okay?”

Cha Yu-jin did not answer.

He just stared at Bae Se-jin as if he had seen something unexpected in an unexpected place.

And then he opened his mouth.

“Lee Se-jin?”

“…!? “Why are you doing this to me?”

[I think you guys picked the wrong person but really I’m such a wimp…]

“…!”

Holy shit.

[Shut your mouth.]

I hurriedly lowered my voice to a whisper to ‘Cha Yu-jin’ and then approached Bae Se-jin.

“He just woke up and his condition is a little strange. “He said he was in America.”

“That’s right!”

Raebin Kim strongly agreed.

“ah! We also talked about brownies and chocolate chip cookies! “Did refraining from snacking during my active period become a cause of my stress?”

That’s not it.

But unfortunately Bae Se-jin’s eyes became serious.

“Is that so?… ah! There’s a bakery in front of here! “I’ll get it so wait!”

“…! indeed! “I will go with you!”

And the two began to leave the hospital room.

It was like they were going to scoop up as many brownies and cookies as they could find.

thud!

“…”

Is it rather fortunate?

‘after.’

I looked at the closed door suppressed a sigh and sat down in the caregiver’s chair.

I can’t handle the situation at all.

‘Still… I guess we’ll start with conversation.’

Since it was quiet I thought now would be a good time.

But… the problem is that I wasn’t the only one who was looking at the timing that way.

Outside the hospital room where everyone is busy with their own work. And the hospital room became quiet as people left.

The guy studied the situation… and took action the moment attention was diverted.

“hey. Umm ‘Mundae hyung’?”

“…”

I turned my head.

‘Steer Cha Yu-jin’ who remembered my title sung by Kim Rae-bin and put it to good use opened her mouth just as she was sitting on the hospital bed.

[You know what crazy thing is going on here right?]

“…”

[I might be seeing some kind of funny KPOP hallucination after eating the special brownie.]

The guy pointed to his hair with his finger.

Blonde.

[I don’t dye my hair anymore.]

It was that moment.

The guy stretched out his hand.

Then he grabbed my shoulder and suddenly thrust his head in a very threatening manner.

“…!”

[And you recognized me. Every time I say ‘steer’ or ‘struggle’ you recognize me.]

“…”

Cha Yu-jin did not let go of her hand on my shoulder.

And while making eye contact he slowly tapped the forearm next to the shoulder with the other hand.

[I don’t know what the fucking “Testa” is but if this is some kind of Prank show you better get ready to get sued. Because I don’t remember signing.]

“…”

after.

I took a deep breath.

It was confusing.

‘I can’t just grind this and start.’

Because the situation is what it is I don’t get angry.

‘It just looks like X… ’

I held back my headache and opened my mouth.

“first.”

[hmm?]

“Is there anyone in America who would do something like that as a member of a disbanded KPOP group?”

“…!!”

“And you didn’t take the medicine. Kim Rae-bin didn’t eat either.”

I don’t know why people in the US put drugs into otherwise normal brownies.

Cha Yu-jin’s eyes widened slightly.

The moment the grip on my shoulder loosened slightly I roughly pulled his hand away.

“But there is one thing you said is true.”

“What?”

“Something crazy happened.”

“…huh?”

I threw the idiot’s hand back onto the bed. It was the greatest kindness I could show.

* * *

New member.

New activity.

A new development.

Before returning from the two guys’ trip to the bakery I briefly summarized the activities of ‘Testa’ not Steer to Cha Yu-jin.

Of course this guy’s reaction was as expected.

[I think there are three possibilities. Would you like to hear them?]

“what.”

[Either you did the medicine or I did the medicine.]

“There are two things.”

[Or did both.]

Damn it.

‘Why did this bastard become a medicine bird?’

I could barely resist the urge to grab my head.

“Why is it all medicine? Because it’s a hallucination? “Is that a symptom of the drug?”

[I heard so.]

“…”

I mean I’ve never tried it myself.

Fortunately it looks like it didn’t go that far.

[Then am I crazy? Hey did you know how much the emergency room costs in the U.S. so you thoughtlessly brought a crazy person to the hospital?]

“I said no.”

I pressed my temples and spoke silently.

“First look out the window.”

“What?”

“You just have to look away. “Look.”

I opened the blinds slightly.

And Cha Yu-jin literally turned her gaze slightly to check outside…

“…!”

“It’s Korea.”

Korean signboards and a familiar city view outside the window.

It was Seoul.

He said he is currently in the United States but he must have been based in Seoul for several years so it would be hard to not recognize him.

“Holy…”

Grumble.

Cha Yu-jin only changed her attitude a little after opening the window and clearly checking the space.

[Are you serious?]

“uh.”

It means you’re starting to seriously consider the possibility that this might be true.

“So we don’t have to worry about hospital bills. Because it’s a KPOP boy group. “The company should cover the cost.”

“…”

“You are now in a group called ‘Testa’. We are your members.”

[gibberish.]

[It’s not nonsense.]

I muttered calmly as I heard footsteps running into the hospital room wondering if I had succeeded in purchasing the brownie.

“If it only takes half a day you will have no choice but to admit it.”

* * *

“We’re leaving.”

“yes!”

Cha Yu-jin who was in good health and had no signs of violent behavior or seizures was discharged from the room.

Of course the entire schedule for about three days had been canceled.

“Eujin are you anywhere uncomfortable?”

“yes. “I’m fine.”

Cha Yu-jin answered very calmly when Ryu Cheong-woo asked her gently in the front seat.

However he soon turns his head with an uncomfortable expression and mutters.

[This fucking strange world…]

“word.”

Cha Yu-jin looked at me with an expression that seemed to say ‘What right do you have?’ but then answered obediently.

“Sorry. “It’s been a few months since I became free.”

“…”

I remember.

The three worked as a unit under the name of Steer until the end.

Ryu Cheong-woo Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin.

I remembered that even those who worked particularly hard in the group had not heard from them since the group disbanded.

And among them ‘Steer Cha Yu-jin’ seemed to have returned to her home country the United States as soon as her activities were over.

But… ‘freedom’.

‘Idol life wasn’t that great.’

In other words ‘I did my job properly until the end’ and ‘I liked my job’ cannot have the same meaning.

‘Well the situation was pretty shit.’

Even though I knew it it still had a bitter aftertaste.

“This is the accommodation we moved into. “If you haven’t been around for a long time and it doesn’t help your stability be sure to tell me!”

“OK.”

Cha Yu-jin who had been looking out the window in silence the entire time in the car did not talk much even after arriving at the accommodation.

It seemed like I was only able to roughly check the appearance of the accommodation.

The incident was as follows.

“It’s our music video playlist so I brought it because I thought it might help Cha Yu-jin come to her senses faster if she watched it!”

“It’s okay!”

“It’s been a while since we’ll see each other again.”

That’s why I started watching Testa’s debut music video ‘Magical Boy’ continuously.

“…”

Actually I thought a bit about whether it was the right way to show this…

‘I don’t think this guy will understand if I don’t show it.’

Cha Yu-jin may not seem like that but surprisingly he was an extremely realistic person.

In this situation where there is no close relationship they will at least pretend to cooperate if you provide evidence that is acceptable to you.

And sure enough

“…this.”

“Cha Yujin! Is there anything you want to say about this song?”

“How did you do it?”

“…?”

-Oh I’m dizzy~

What he filmed was… a music video that filled the screen with Testa smiling and dancing in a baseball uniform in a school playground with an impressive blue sky.

It’s ‘high five’.

A song originally prepared by the company as the first title song for the debut group &lt;Azusa&gt;.

It was a song that was planned to be released in a vague disco style that did not fit the concept.

but.

“Originally the company wanted to go with a disco style but I persuaded them by even using a PPT. “Let’s go to the rock to cool off.”

“…”

“And Ravine arranged it.”

Cha Yu-jin watched the entire High Five music video in silence.

And the next music video and the next.

The moment we finally arrived at ‘Better me’.

“OK I’ll admit it.”

“…?”

“Testa.”

Steer Cha Yu-jin raised his head.

The face of the guy who pronounced ‘testa’ in Korean had something profound that was neither enlightenment nor embarrassment.

shadowy.

“…”

…Somehow I didn’t feel very refreshed.

‘Still I stood at the starting line.’

From now on I’ll have to control this guy so he doesn’t do anything unexpected…

“…??”

“What is Cha Yu-jin saying now?”

…Of course after some explanation here.

* * *

A few minutes later.

“So… this Yujin is Eugene when he was Geonwoo hyung before he became a Mundae right? hmm? “Is this expression correct?”

“I think that’s right… oh right.”

Ryu Cheong-woo and Bae Se-jin had a confused conversation.

No matter how many different things they had experienced everyone seemed embarrassed because this was their first time experiencing this.

But at the same time I felt relieved.

“…Anyway Cha Yu-jin is not sick… Is that a good thing?”

“It is true that we have identified the cause.”

Kim Rae-bin muttered blankly.

“Still I can’t really imagine debuting in &lt;Azusa&gt; without Moon Dae hyung participating in it.”

“So~ I guess I couldn’t debut. Oh is it okay if I ask who debuted?”

Big Sejin asked a question.

There seemed to be some pure doubt and an attempt to understand Cha Yu-jin a little bit.

Then Cha Yu-jin smiled and rested her chin on the table.

“It’s not okay.”

“…!”

“Even if you hear it it doesn’t mean much. So I don’t say anything. Got it?”

The atmosphere instantly froze.
