---
title: "Chapter 474"
category: "book"
index: 473
section: "Chapter 474"
slug: "474"
---

# Chapter 474

Tididik Tididik Tididik!

Diriling!

There was a sound of a password being hurriedly pressed at the front door and In-young with messy hair came hurriedly inside the door.

It was Sun Ah-hyun who finally got home from work on the fishing boat.

The guy who had checked the messages one after another which could be summarized as ‘Cha Yu-jin collapsed woke up discharged checking status oops Yu-jin’s memory has changed’ clearly looked like he was completely in a hurry.

“Hey guys I’m here…”

“…”

“…”

“Over there…?”

“Ahyeon is here.”

“Welcome Ahyeon. “It was a lot of hard work…”

however.

The atmosphere of the accommodation is such a mess that it wouldn’t be surprising to start drinking Kkangsoju right away.

There was no alcohol on the table but the atmosphere seemed like a mess as if no one would stop him if he ran out and bought some.

There was no separate mourning house.

“Yu Yujin…?”

“…hmm.”

Moreover Cha Yu-jin is not there.

This is because Steer Cha Yu-jin unilaterally finished speaking and went into what she was told was her room.

-I have nothing more to say.

‘Damn it.’

In short get out.

“First of all Ahyun please sit down and get some rest. “I must have been surprised.”

“yes yes…”

After making room for Sun Ah-hyeon I silently drank cold water again.

For reference Cha Yu-jin’s roommate… is still the same as her previous dorm.

It means Bae Se-jin.

“You said 30 days… right? “If we just do our best in the meantime… it will work out.”

The guy is nodding his head as if he recognizes the seriousness of the situation but he doesn’t know the real problem.

‘He thinks you’re a drug dealer… ’

Bae Se-jin who has no way of knowing about his roommate’s enormous misunderstanding seems to have decided that as the eldest brother he will take good care of one of the youngest until his memories return.

“okay. Sejin is right.”

It’s not right. It’s lucky if you don’t get caught by the collar.

I pressed my temples.

‘…I don’t know why they said ‘update’ and suddenly remembered Cha Yu-jin when she was a steer or if Cha Yu-jin the steer went in there.’

First let’s make a plan again.

‘First let’s clear up the misunderstandings about Bae Se-jin… ’

…But will he really believe me?

No actually it was a problem to even believe it.

Doesn’t that mean that his group suffered a fatal blow because of false accusations that were not true?

‘Meanwhile here I am lucky enough to not become a drug dealer and things turn out well.’

If I compared them I might end up being more uncooperative for no reason.

‘after… ’

I heard Bae Se-jin muttering next to me.

“Maybe it’s natural.”

“…”

“From Cha Yu-jin’s perspective… suddenly waking up to find herself in an unfamiliar environment. ”

“yes…”

It was then.

Keun Se-jin who had been observing the situation relatively silently shrugged his shoulders and stepped forward.

“Well… I guess I don’t have to worry that much?”

“…??”

“Hyung Se Sejin?”

“Even if I had a slightly different experience… Anyway Eugene is Eugene right? So I would have grown up the same until I was 19.”

“so?”

“Then I guess personality and things like that can change over the years.”

Big Sejin looked sideways.

“Don’t you think our tastes will be similar?”

“…!”

It was towards the brownies and chocolate chips that Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin had swept up.

* * *

Knock knock.

“I’ll go in for a moment.”

Ryu Cheong-wu spoke softly but firmly and a few seconds later opened the door where Cha Yu-jin entered.

Squeak.

Inside the door I saw Cha Yu-jin lying carelessly on the bed among luggage that had not yet been completely unpacked.

The guy covered his face with one arm and then opened his mouth.

“…Now that’s going too far.”

“huh?”

“I said no answer. “Twice.”

Cha Yu-jin lowered her arms and revealed her eyes.

And now without even looking around I pointed it out right away.

me.

“I know that person too so listen to that person.”

For a moment attention was focused on me.

hmm.

I folded my arms and Keun Se-jin walked into the room with ease.

“Wait a minute Eugene. I didn’t come here to ask that again. “I just came here to talk.”

“Conversation?”

“Well~ Still we’re living in the same house now so wouldn’t it be easier for you to know each other openly? You should also know what the situation is!”

Big Sejin sat on the floor with a grin. Cha Yu-jin changed the angle of her body on the bed and nodded slightly.

“That’s okay.”

“yes? How long should I stay here? I thought I was curious about that again. “Just my thoughts!”

And without bothering to listen to the answer Big Sejin began to summarize and speak the answer in a relaxed tone.

It was easy to understand what Keun Se-jin said as he summarized the things he had told me and the strange situation we had experienced so far.

“…So we’re thinking maybe you’ll only be here for about 30 days.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin did not refute.

However after listening to the end he opened his mouth with a somewhat sullen expression.

“That’s really…”

“You were trying to be a nerd right? “It’s like Eugene~ It’s like Eugene.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin glanced at Keun Se-jin for a moment.

And then burst out laughing.

“Hey”

“huh?”

“The Cha Yu-jin you know is not me. “I don’t think it’s polite to talk that way.”

“…!”

Kim Rae-bin standing next to him flinched even more.

“Oh really?”

But Big Sejin spoke without being embarrassed.

“Then shall we just stick to the line?”

“Sure. [Nice expression. Don’t cross the line.]”

Cha Yu-jin tried to lie down on the bed again with a smile on her face.

However Big Sejin’s words were not over.

“But you know that the original line is maintained through mutual respect right? Please do me a favor. “You also have a connection to the extent that we participated in &lt;Azusa&gt; together.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin paused.

At that moment Liu Chengyu held out his hand and said.

“okay. “It means that we should observe and respect each other’s basic manners.”

“…”

“Eujin.”

Cha Yu-jin got up from the bed.

It seemed like he was scanning everyone who entered the room.

‘It’s fate.’

In fact from this guy’s perspective Bae Se-jin is the one who ruined the group with drugs and Eun Se-jin is the one who voluntarily left the program due to school violence.

‘I wasn’t even a participant at all.’

However there was no such comment at all.

Instead he just raised his hand.

“…”

And then he shook hands with Liu Chengwu.

“all right.”

“thank you.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

It was a strategy where Cha Yu-jin pushed the most grumpy guy and the guy who responded the most calmly and brought them to the table.

‘For now complete the first round.’

Only then did the atmosphere in the room relax a little.

At that moment Bae Se-jin winked. Kim Rae-bin held out the envelope.

‘Second round entering.’

“…! Cha Yu-jin you are now empty-handed for the second time. “I’m eating this at least!”

“…”

These are brownies and cookies.

Cha Yu-jin looked inside the envelope held in front of her and asked as if it were absurd.

“Brownie? “Did you really buy Kim Rae-bin at the hospital?”

“…? okay!”

“Oh”

At that moment Cha Yu-jin seemed to lightly laugh. It’s like seeing a close friend.

I guess I realized that wasn’t the case but it passed quickly.

‘…I guess we were close during Steer.’

Of course we cannot miss this timing.

I immediately stretched out my hand.

And demanded it.

“Just one.”

“…yes?”

It’s an ambiguous response whether it’s an affirmation or a question.

Without even looking inside the bag I put my hand in took out a brownie as soon as I could and opened the package.

And shoved it into my mouth.

‘…sweet.’

It’s a kind of… ‘certification that it’s a normal brownie without any drugs’ performance.

This is kind of funny but…

‘When Kim Rae-bin went to buy it Bae Se-jin also went with her.’

This kid talked a lot about medicine and I was afraid he might not take it because he was reluctant.

I swallowed the brownie and nodded.

“It’s delicious.”

“…Mundae says that! “Then there is a greater chance that it will suit your tastes!”

“…OK.”

And in the end Cha Yu-jin did not refuse.

The guy stretched out his hand took the entire bag and checked the packaging with a somewhat sad expression.

And then he started peeling them off one by one and stuffing them into his mouth.

The speed was even exciting.

And Testa is watching the scene.

“…”

“…”

‘It’s kind of like feeding raw meat to wild animals.’

Anyway if feeding sweets makes it feel good is its biological mechanism then it will react in some way.

With that in mind I decided to hold on for a little while.

And after a few minutes.

“Do you want pizza for dinner? Bulgogi pizza?”

“I like that pizza.”

“Okay~”

Surprisingly this conversation just happened.

In other words the atmosphere has definitely calmed down.

‘I don’t know if this is because of the snacks.’

Anyway Cha Yu-jin ate all the brownies and cookies while sitting on the bed.

And once she confirmed that people were no longer asking questions about her ‘group’ she slowly returned to an attitude similar to the Cha Yu-jin she used to know.

‘Even though the level of conversation has become low level.’

Still I wonder where this is.

“cola.”

“Oh thanks.”

“Ah if you have any questions about the current situation or us please feel free to ask.”

“all right.”

In the end Steer Cha Yoo-jin reached a point where they all ate pizza together at the same table and had light small talk.

And in the meantime we also had a chance to talk about our current situation.

“Ah we are almost finishing our activity period now. “How many schedules are left?”

Of course this guy’s answer was obvious.

“But I’m not on this team. “I’m not active.”

“Hmm.”

“okay.”

It was impossible to scold someone who wouldn’t do it.

‘The amount of practice won’t be easy.’

Moreover fortunately Testa’s group activities were almost over.

‘Cha Yu-jin also finished her individual activities early.’

To sum it up in one word ‘If that’s the case.’

“Our tour starts next month right?”

“yes.”

Even though I thought I was taking a little break it wasn’t a minus.

If only Cha Yu-jin continues to have no personal activities there will be some stories but even that will be covered by health issues for about a month.

So… there is only one problem.

“…What should we do with our reality show…?”

“…”

This is the group reality test that Testa was ambitiously preparing.

It looked like it was falling over.

‘Fuck you.’

How can they film a group reality show if not one member is filming?

“The filming schedule… can’t be postponed.”

“yes.”

This too was barely accomplished.

It was even difficult for anyone to be excluded from this reality show due to health issues.

Even if it’s missing you have to insert the footage separately later.

Otherwise rumors of discord or transfer might arise… This is the type of program.

So that is.

I opened my mouth.

“…just take a picture.”

“Taking pictures?”

“When Cha Yu-jin comes back in a month let’s just prepare Yu-jin’s portion separately. “How do you feel?”

“…”

This is best.

However Raebin Kim muttered in a gloomy voice next to him.

“Cha Yu-jin who came back… I think she’ll be angry that everyone filmed something fun without her…”

“…”

“…Oh you’re persuasive Ravin.”

“thank you…”

I covered my face with one hand.

‘Damn it.’

Is it my fault for applying such a system to a fucking company and causing this shit to happen in the first place?

‘But if I hadn’t applied this the album might have been ambiguous… ’

This was crazy again.

No and what’s the use of whining and regretting right away? What we need now is a solution.

‘Roll it… ’

Let’s roll our heads.

I was silent racking my brain but after a while I opened my mouth.

“Probably.”

“…?”

“When Cha Yu-jin returns… there is a possibility that she will remember it now.”

“Uh yeah… right?”

Just as when these guys regained their memories in the virtual world of the system the memories they created there did not disappear either.

‘then.’

“It’s best for Cha Yu-jin to participate in reality right now.”

“…!”

“But… Cha Yu-jin said she would not participate in the activity.”

“I’m going to say something first.”

Since this is not a stage activity I thought that if ‘Steer Cha Yu-jin’ wanted something in return it could be handled as a transaction.

And there was something I originally wanted to say separately.

* * *

“Is there anything else you want to say?”

I went out onto the veranda.

Cha Yu-jin was looking outside alone with the window half-open. And he looked back at me with an expression that didn’t seem very welcoming.

I opened my mouth calmly.

“I have something to tell you about your roommate.”

“…”

And Cha Yu-jin… sighed?

[Hey I’m not stupid. Of course that person has nothing to do with drugs.]

“…!”

[I think you know Steer pretty well and it’s obvious from the way you treat that “roommate” as a member. but.]

The guy said dryly.

“I’m not curious.”

“…”

[Of course it’s not the person I knew. I have no intention of treating him roughly.]

And then he tapped my shoulder.

[But don’t cross the line. You know? You also need to keep the line.]

The guy left the veranda with those words.

“…”

I stood at the veranda window where he was standing. Even though it was summer a cold night wind blew.

And I had a hunch.

‘I guess it didn’t work.’

It’s a deal-breaker and talking about Testa’s activities or anything else wouldn’t have gotten through to that guy.

“after.”

It might be a good thing I didn’t say anything.

But no one expected it.

I never thought something that would cross that damn ‘line’ would happen so quickly.
