---
title: "Chapter 475"
category: "book"
index: 474
section: "Chapter 475"
slug: "475"
---

# Chapter 475

For now things have definitely been sorted out between us.

I can’t work with Cha Yu-jin now.

Whether it’s a personal schedule a short event or a barely-scheduled group reality entertainment shoot.

“I can’t help it.”

“Hmm.”

…But is it really okay if I only tried to persuade you once for 10 minutes on the veranda?

It’s convenient for me because I talk quickly but anyway the schedule for the month was set based on this.

“What if it doesn’t work?”

“okay.”

“…”

If that’s the case.

“Then let’s talk about health issues around next week and take Eugene out of his schedule altogether.”

“Yes yes. And if the reality programming is delayed a little only Eugene who returns later will be filmed separately and added to the story…”

“okay. Regarding this I will talk to the producer right away tomorrow morning.”

Now that we have a stake in the company it feels less unfair for us to take care of all the details.

Anyway after quickly resolving the situation.

I spoke briefly to Bae Se-jin who was carrying the script.

I thought I should do this.

“brother.”

“Why why?”

“Shall we change rooms?”

“…what?”

“I think my brother is uncomfortable around strangers. “You have a lot more schedule these days so it’s better to stay comfortably in your room.”

…is also half true but in fact I think steer Cha Yu-jin will be uncomfortable with you and the room will be in a very bad shape.

However Bae Se-jin who thought he would welcome it instead snorted.

“it’s okay. “I’m not that sensitive.”

“…”

Self-objectification… what happened?

‘I’m so busy filming that I barely sleep.’

There was an extremely high chance that both of them would just keep quiet and spend their time minding their own business.

It is better in terms of possibility than to continue recommending it for no reason and then variables such as conflict arise.

‘It doesn’t matter as long as it doesn’t cause stomach problems.’

“yes.”

I decided to wait and see. Just in case I decided to leave the door open.

However what I failed to consider is that Bae Se-jin was more confident and motivated about being the eldest brother than I thought.

So two days later in the middle of the night I heard a shout coming from that room.

“…!!”

‘Fuck you.’

“…Mundae just now”

“yes.”

I reflexively jumped out and guessed.

‘The odds are gone damn it.’

Steer Cha Yu-jin must have been angry or misunderstood in her sleep!

‘He said he knew he was someone else but instead of keeping the line he only talked about it… ’

But when the members came rushing out and looked into the room.

“Don’t talk like that!”

The yelling… Bae Se-jin was yelling at Cha Yu-jin.

‘…?’

“What’s going on?”

What is it really?

* * *

A few days ago.

‘after.’

Bae Se-jin took a deep breath and stood in front of his room.

Earlier I confidently told Park Moon-dae ‘I’m fine’…but actually I was a bit nervous.

Because it’s still hard to live in the same space with other people who aren’t close to you.

The same was true for Cha Yu-jin who changed like any other person. It’s unfamiliar.

‘But… I’ve grown too.’

I was no longer a child who jumped out of my seat or tried to avoid it because it was uncomfortable.

He was able to face the situation!

And it’s already been over a year since I was roommates with Cha Yu-jin. In any case since it was the same body the assumption that it would be able to endure through inertia also played a role.

‘…good.’

He opened the door vigorously.

thud.

“…”

But Cha Yu-jin did not look back.

No at least they don’t even look at me. All I did was lie down on the bed and throw and catch a football.

‘Ugh.’

Bae Se-jin unilaterally nodded her head at Cha Yu-jin (she immediately regretted why she did this) and then lay down on her bed.

‘after… ’

I opened the script and listened to it but I was confused.

I’m not sure if I’m offended by the sarcasm in this situation upset or feeling a sense of obligation.

However… apart from my feelings I couldn’t help but feel a little curious.

‘How was I… living?’

I am the one who went through &lt;Azusa&gt; without the ‘Park Moon-dae’ that Cha Yu-jin experienced.

Guessing was possible.

Considering that Cha Yu-jin’s attitude wasn’t that friendly she probably wouldn’t have debuted.

And because he appeared uncooperative throughout &lt;Azusa&gt; he may have only remembered himself based on his first impression at the time.

No that was highly likely.

‘Anyway I guess I’m acting because I’m sure I’ve gained recognition… ’

However I don’t think ‘Dream K’ would have been doing very well if the agency had stayed the same.

“…”

Actually I know it’s a useless idea. It’s not something you’re going through right now anyway.

‘It was just speculation in the first place… ’

It’s just a guess that consumes mental energy. However delving deeply into thoughts in this way was also Bae Se-jin’s characteristic.

‘…Let’s hang up!’

But now I’ve learned how to take on the challenge!

He took another deep breath and stopped thinking about nothing.

Instead I read the script once and then went to bed.

And after managing my nervousness well and sticking to my schedule I moved again the next day at the same time at night.

Because I prepared my secret weapon.

“…Do you want to eat?”

Bae Se-jin took out a recycled paper bag from the box placed by the bedside and handed it to Cha Yu-jin.

It was Bae Se-jin’s snack that Cha Yu-jin always liked the most.

Homemade candy!

My mother always buys and sends handmade candy from an acquaintance’s handmade candy store and I crave it so much saying it tastes like “home.”

“Oh Nope.”

“…”

I coveted it…

-Brother I buy a lot of this! I like it.

-… I’ll tell my mom.

-Oh!!

‘…You ate brownies!’

Bae Se-jin suddenly missed his loud and talkative roommate.

So I held back the feeling that I was about to burst into tears and continued my next words calmly.

“That’s right. Well there are also snacks and hobbies you normally keep under your bed. “If I’m bored… I find it and write about it.”

“all right.”

The horse was positive.

However Cha Yu-jin who was currently on the bed did not move. This means that they didn’t even pretend to look for it.

It’s a euphemistic disregard.

“…”

In fact there were things that Bae Se-jin wasn’t sure about because the group interaction had been so hectic until now.

However when they had a one-on-one conversation like this the delicate Bae Se-jin noticed it right away.

‘…What is this?’

contempt.

An attitude that seems to be looking down on hostility.

Bae Se-jin who was accustomed to and reacted sensitively to such things immediately recognized steer Cha Yu-jin’s very subtle non-verbal expressions.

He was sensitive and could read things without even having to show it.

“…”

Bae Se-jin was not angry.

Instead I turned my head to the script but my heart was pounding.

‘what?’

Why are you acting like that towards me? Could it be that in the past because I couldn’t debut in &lt;Azusa&gt;… I became an absurdly pathetic person?

If you think about it it’s only for me…

‘Let’s stop that.’

It felt like a victim mentality. And I didn’t want to be a person who was swayed by just one person’s attitude anymore!

Bae Se-jin calmed down and tried to shift his gaze back to the script.

It was then.

“Are you friends with me here?”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin… spoke.

Of course it wasn’t a very friendly fight. A thoughtless remark almost like talking to oneself. Even though it seemed close to an expression of absurdity.

Bae Se-jin answered sincerely.

“Because we’re in the same group… haha and we even share a room.”

“Umm isn’t this your new dorm?”

Since you’ve become roommates in a new place it means that you’ve only been together for a few days at most.

But Bae Se-jin shook his head.

“We just moved but we were roommates for over a year before as well. “First of all I’m sharing a roommate just like I did in my previous accommodation.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin kept her mouth shut but something flashed in Bae Se-jin’s mind for a moment.

‘uh?’

This was the content of the next conversation. It felt like it was being typed out in my head as if it was being put together like a script.

‘then… ’

Wait is this an opportunity?

“Well that’s about to change soon.”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva and then actively opened his mouth once more.

“I think I’ll probably change my roommate as I start filming the reality show.”

There was a brief look that seemed to ask ‘So?’

Bae Se-jin spoke as softly as possible imitating Ryu Cheong-woo’s speaking skills as if acting.

“So if you have a room you want to use I was wondering if you could participate in the filming.”

“…”

“When filming so that you can use the room you want as much as possible…”

“I don’t care. “No matter which room you share or who you share.”

Why does this kid speak Korean so well…!

Bae Se-jin wanted to close her eyes but the story she wanted to talk about was in the next story.

“…okay. however! It’s also uncomfortable. Then you have to stay somewhere other than your accommodation while filming. Besides that you won’t be able to do well.”

Since Cha Yu-jin will be called sick to the outside world she will have to stay in a hospital or hotel.

‘It would be very frustrating but if that’s the case it’s better to say it’s just a leg injury and even if you miss the stage you should at least participate in a group reality show… ’

Bae Se-jin was trying to organize and explain what she wanted to say in her head as calmly as possible wondering if it would be better for Cha Yu-jin as well.

I heard laughter.

It was a laugh.

“Why me?”

…what?

“It’s okay to leave the dorm.”

Cha Yu-jin looked at Bae Se-jin without any expression as if asking when she had laughed.

“But where I live at that time is up to me. It’s my body and I do what I want with it. OK?”

“…”

Bae Se-jin could not answer for a moment.

It wasn’t that I had nothing to say.

‘This… ’

Until now Bae Se-jin has tried to understand Cha Yu-jin’s point of view as much as possible.

How confusing and difficult would it be to suddenly find yourself in an unfamiliar environment with different memories and live without anyone in the same situation?

Considering her appearance in &lt;Azusa&gt; Cha Yu-jin was a nobleman.

I really thought so.

‘but’

However to casually declare that he will do whatever he wants which may be a huge inconvenience to ‘Testar Cha Yu-jin’ who originally used that body…

‘That is violence.’

It wasn’t natural for me to steal other people’s clothes just because I was cold.

That wasn’t individualism it was egoism.

He thought so. so

“no.”

Bae Se-jin had a straight face.

“What are you talking about?”

* * *

dawn.

Bae Se-jin’s voice echoed in the room.

“I understand that you are confused and struggling. But… that doesn’t mean you can do whatever you want.”

“…”

“I’m saying this because I have similarly expressed my stress to others and then apologized.”

“That brother.”

Keun Se-jin intervened in a cautious voice.

“What did Eugene here say? hmm…”

“…He said he would be absent when filming the reality show. Then I have to leave the accommodation for a bit…”

Bae Se-jin clenched his fist.

“At that time he said he would roam around on his own terms.”

“…!”

“And he says he’ll do whatever he wants for the next month!”

Oh shit.

I looked back at steer Cha Yu-jin. The guy was still looking at Bae Se-jin. I feel like there have been a few arguments here as well.

First check it out… No it seems like they’re trying to decide between right and wrong so I guess they’ll just make matters worse.

Start with a good suture.

I deliberately did not sympathize with Bae Se-jin’s anger and spoke calmly to Cha Yu-jin.

“We used ‘health reasons’ as an excuse for Cha Yu-jin’s absence from activities. “That’s the best reason.”

“…”

Even Lee Cha Yu-jin who has worked as an idol would admit that.

“So if it’s okay I hope you can show something that fits that reason to some extent.”

[Say whatever you want.]

Cha Yu-jin answered in a low voice.

[Because I will too.]

Fuck you.

This guy was pissed too.

‘Have you crossed the line?’

Although I was certain there was a solution I began to struggle not to think of extreme measures.

It was then.

[We… didn’t drag you into this situation. We are just some people caught up in this situation like you.]

I heard calm English.

This is Sun Ah-hyeon.

He chose his vocabulary quite politely.

[I think we did our best to exercise the utmost care we could. If there were any shortcomings are you willing to make up for them through communication?]

“…”

Cha Yu-jin was silent.

Then he sighed softly.

“Your consideration has a purpose. That’s not consideration that’s control. Control.”

what?

[To put it simply ‘When our Cha Yu-jin returns please don’t engage in any activities that will hinder her career.’]

“…!”

[All attention is focused on that. I don’t blame you. But you can’t blame me either. therefore…]

Steer Cha Yu-jin moved her neck.

[Testa? I’m sorry but it’s none of my business.]

And the next moment.

“…!!”

The guy started to walk through the room and towards the entrance.

“for a moment”

“What is he doing?”

Everyone reacted half a beat slower to the overly sudden situation.

The problem was that Ryu Cheong-wu was standing on the farthest outskirts and more than anything he was so unfamiliar that he couldn’t move at all.

‘shit.’

I immediately tried to lock the front door with a pad but he opened the door first.

And in an instant I got on the elevator and pressed the close button.

“hey!”

That means

‘…I called the elevator in advance.’

This bastard… did he really plan to leave a long time ago?

That was when I looked back at the front door and gritted my teeth.

“Cha Yujin!”

“…”

The closed elevator did not open but Raebin Kim asked.

“Where are you going?”

I could see the shape of the mouth moving.

‘I don’t know.’

And then the elevator went down.

Steer Cha Yu-jin left the dorm like that.
