---
title: "Chapter 476"
category: "book"
index: 475
section: "Chapter 476"
slug: "476"
---

# Chapter 476

Six years after debut a member left the group without permission.

A situation that makes your blood run cold.

As soon as the elevator carrying steer Cha Yu-jin went down she immediately ran down the stairs but it was already too late.

The apartment I moved to was on a high floor so no matter how athletic I was I couldn’t keep up with the speed of the elevator.

Just like that… the company turned upside down overnight.

-… yes?

Starting with the manager and team leader who asked in disbelief this news eventually reached the president’s ears and woke up almost all the sleeping employees causing them to search Seoul like crazy.

Of course so do we.

Liu Chengwu with a stiff face has been running around the security office and the dormitory since earlier.

“Did you check the CCTV?”

“I confirmed that I walked to the front gate but I think I missed it because it was dark after that. “It feels like I took a taxi but…”

“…”

And in order to track down that taxi you have to report it missing to the police.

Of course it would be crazy to report that. Unless you really want to wait until it appears on the front page of entertainment news tomorrow morning.

‘Damn it.’

I want to bite my tongue.

I continued to monitor social media in real time to see if there were any sightings and tried to think of places this guy might visit.

‘I caught this kid running out on the last tour.’

If you know the other person well isn’t it possible to roughly guess their movements?

however…

“…”

The problem is that you don’t know the other person very well.

‘Because it’s steer Cha Yu-jin.’

okay.

I will admit it.

Ryu Geon-woo an office worker before becoming Testa Park Moon-dae was very interested in Steer and continued to look into it.

So even in the hospital room they probably recognized this Cha Yu-jin as the guy from Steer.

‘But that doesn’t mean I know about individual humans.’

Everything I know about Steer Cha Yu-jin is a story that was once processed through the media.

It means information about idols.

There is no way I would know about his personal favorite places or favorite places.

Besides that.

“…I guess no one will say anything right now so I’m saying it.”

Big Sejin shook his head and said something with a bitter smile.

“…You know we have a group schedule tomorrow evening right?”

“…”

“It’s an event.”

That’s right.

The last domestic group schedule for this activity is tomorrow.

Summer Festival.

“We announced in advance that Eugene would be missing but if we stayed up all night looking for Eugene and ruined the performance… I think that would be a problem too.”

It was accurate.

The only alternative is to cancel the event altogether…

‘…For an event of this scale can a Testa-level headliner be canceled on the same day?’

It feels awkward to say this but since each event has a different name the impact of cancellation is different for each event.

‘And tomorrow’s event is… ’

“It’s a water bomb.”

“…”

I was bored. Fuck you.

If you cancel on the same day you will be punished.

‘Any excuse you can make doesn’t even work.’

The moment you cancel you will inevitably be in trouble.

And even if we don’t cancel and the event goes well if Cha Yu-jin who missed the event under the pretext of being sick is seen walking around looking fine outside…

-Cha Yujin are you crazy? Come to your senses you guys all seem to have escaped lol First of all I have escaped first.

-This is why you shouldn’t use foreigners in K-Pop. They always say this.

-Yes Mr. Ignacio Tea stop sucking dirty Korean money and go back to America.

In fact Cha Yu-jin already had a criminal record due to a camera assault incident.

This means that there is no way to get out of it and it is a feeling of abyss. All kinds of unfiltered verbal abuse and personal attacks from people who claim to be right will be bombarded.

‘…what should I do?’

The problem is that I don’t have a fucking answer right now.

Other than continuing to look.

However no news of Cha Yu-jin was received until morning.

“…”

Of course no one had a good night’s sleep in the bed. Even now half of them have gone after the company.

It was the same for me as I woke up to dawn in the living room with open eyes.

I was lost in thought while rubbing my smartphone.

I felt dizzy.

‘…If you’re going to do this.’

Wouldn’t it have been better if the album didn’t do well?

I thought it was the best at that moment but if this happens what will happen to Cha Yu-jin’s career?

How can I fix this?

“…”

My head hurt.

‘There’s so much to do.’

Even if I find steer Cha Yu-jin… I don’t know where to start and how to resolve the situation.

The company public opinion and activities.

I don’t know what to do with him for a month.

‘I can only think of extreme measures.’

I pressed my eyelids.

It was then.

widely.

Cold water was placed on the table in front of me. As if to drink it.

“…”

I picked it up and drank some water. The guy with the water glass sat across from me.

…It was Bae Se-jin.

This guy probably thought he left because of what he said but he doesn’t look very good either.

It was bad.

“Hyung there will be filming the day after tomorrow… no tomorrow too. “It would be better to rest for now.”

“are you okay. “I also filmed all night long.”

Bae Se-jin spoke clearly but soon lowered his head with a slightly confused expression.

“It’s just… I don’t know why he did this.”

“…”

“No matter how many years I have had different experiences… that Cha Yu-jin is also Cha Yu-jin. “I thought… I was never the type of person to do something like this.”

This is what happens.

In fact although Cha Yu-jin may seem like a guy who does whatever he wants at first glance he is a guy who knows how to be considerate when the other person seems to be in trouble.

No he’s the kind of guy who naturally hands it over without even showing it as consideration in the first place.

‘I heard someone who seemed like that to Bae Se-jin suddenly say that it’s none of my business what happens to him.’

You must have been embarrassed.

okay. From a perspective that does not know the situation well it is impossible to know how much stress steer Cha Yu-jin is under in this environment.

I was the one who kicked out a fucking idol but wouldn’t I be upset if they didn’t ask me to try the suddenly successful version for 30 days?

‘I should have handled it with more care.’

As I was concentrating on getting Cha Yu-jin back to normal by safely passing these 30 days I was unable to provide proper mental care to her.

“…”

My head was heavy.

When silence flows.

“I.”

A low voice was heard.

“Is that really true?”

When I looked up I saw a guy with a pale complexion carefully sitting down on the sofa.

This is Raebin Kim.

“I don’t think Cha Yu-jin went out of his way to cause trouble for us on purpose.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin raised his head.

“…I would like that too. But you heard it too. Testa said it was none of his business.”

“But… I don’t think that just because he said this isn’t his business it doesn’t mean he will intentionally interfere.”

“uh?”

“Did Cha Yu-jin say that she would freely harm Testa’s career?”

“Not really but given the situation if he doesn’t care of course it will happen.”

“…”

for a moment.

It feels like I got hit on the head.

Perhaps in a good way.

“Wait a minute.”

“…! Park Mun-dae?”

“I think Lavin is right.”

I picked up my smartphone with a clearer mind.

It was still quiet.

This means that there is no news from Cha Yu-jin.

But to put it the other way… it means there are no eyewitness accounts.

Does this make sense?

‘It’s already been more than 5 hours since Cha Yu-jin ran away.’

This guy doesn’t even have a car.

So no matter how lucky you are… Is it possible for a celebrity with the level of recognition as Testa to wander around without a single eyewitness report?

It’s impossible.

‘Unless you care.’

“Cha Yu-jin is now moving without being noticed by people.”

“…!”

“If I really wanted to cause harm to Testa I would have gone to a club but that’s not true.”

This means that as an idol he is following his habit of avoiding people.

Even during this time I don’t know if they are protecting the line or what…

I inadvertently remembered what he said.

-But where I live at that time is up to me. It’s my body and I do what I want with it. OK?

-Your consideration has a purpose. That’s not consideration that’s control. Control.

“…”

‘Could it be… that you were scared?’

It was then.

Raebin Kim carefully raised his hand again.

“I don’t know if I can say this but…”

“It’s okay to take it easy.”

“…! yes.”

Kim Rae-bin answered with a serious face.

“I think we need to talk more with that Cha Yu-jin.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin muttered in a gloomy voice.

“…I heard it doesn’t work.”

“yes? Ah I think I chose to be too inclusive in my wording! therefore…”

Raebin Kim seemed to do her best to choose the vocabulary but then corrected herself again.

“I think so far we have tried to persuade Cha Yu-jin not talk to him.”

“…!”

“Or maybe it was a conversation aimed at persuasion. However I think it was difficult to build trust between us because there were no aimless conversations.”

“…”

“Why are you doing this?”

“no.”

Perhaps Bae Se-jin and I both looked at Kim Rae-bin with eyes that were almost astonished.

Because it was a very sharp analysis.

It’s hard to believe that he’s indifferent to interpersonal relationships.

“…Hmm I guess what you said is right.”

“…! yes. “I think it was an inevitable trend because it is natural to worry about our members.”

I saw Raebin Kim.

‘This guy also put a lot of thought into it.’

I thought that someone who usually has a hard time hiding his true feelings or guessing what others are thinking must have gone through several stages to come up with such thoughts.

‘Is that why there hasn’t been much to say lately?’

Raebin Kim seemed confused by this situation but seemed confident in his words themselves.

“I’m not sure what Cha Yu-jin is thinking but… so I want to know.”

“…”

I saw the guy.

And he nodded.

“okay.”

“…!”

“I agree.”

I’m also curious about what he’s thinking.

Since the line has been crossed anyway I think it might be better to talk about it openly.

“thank you!”

This is the way it should be.

and.

“Anyway I have to find it to do that.”

“…yes.”

I turned the smartphone screen back on.

Now that I’ve noticed that this guy seems to be moving around unnoticed the potential destinations are narrowing down a bit.

Transportation and destination.

‘It’s a place where idols would go.’

Bae Se-jin nodded and said to me.

“Then… we can narrow it down to the extent of what we know.”

Cha Yu-jin who participated in &lt;Azusa&gt; even if it only focuses on the information up to that point.

Then isn’t it obvious who knows it best?

“Is there a place Cha Yu-jin went to when she was a trainee?”

This is Raebin Kim.

The guy answered eagerly with a serious face.

“I think I preferred places with lots of people!”

“…”

That’s a bit much.

“…How about a detailed explanation?”

“An outdoor cafe or restaurant with a nice view… It seemed to be a noisy and open space. Ah I think I preferred outdoors to indoors everywhere!”

“Ah that place reminds me of Cha Yu-jin’s hometown.”

That’s how we narrowed down the scope.

Then the words came out.

‘If you feel like escaping from here.’

There is a possibility that it may have gone far.

“Did you ever go outside of Seoul to have fun while you were a trainee?”

“Except for my hometown… Well I have been to the beach before.”

“beach?”

“It was Ganghwa Island.”

“…!”

At that moment something overlapped.

‘Cha Yu-jin lived near the beach in San Diego.’

Even when I escaped from the tour I found it at a cafe near the beach.

…and.

-That guy… came to Ganghwa Island in a variety show filmed during Steer.

Ganghwa Island Beach.

It was Steer’s first entertainment filming location.

“…there.”

“yes?”

“Let’s go back.”

And 2 hours later.

“Cha Yujin!”

Steer Cha Yu-jin meets a friend.
