---
title: "Chapter 478"
category: "book"
index: 477
section: "Chapter 478"
slug: "478"
---

# Chapter 478

It’s very embarrassing.

This situation.

“What were you interested in?”

“…”

“What activities did you see?”

“Just the whole thing.”

Wasn’t Cha Yu-jin the one who escaped from the dorm?

I don’t know why I felt like I was being interrogated.

‘He said he didn’t want to talk about Steer.’

This means that I could not have expected a situation where my past would be stolen from an alumnus’ house in Ganghwa Island by a guy who managed to find me after staying up all night…

‘But I can’t not answer this.’

From what I can see it looks like Kim Rae-bin has calmed him down and he has finally relaxed but I can’t stop him.

So as I keep answering questions there is no end to the questions.

“Why did you see us?”

shit.

‘Was Cha Yu-jin here also the same personality as the question mark killer?’

Rather think of it as a good thing because you are used to it. I have no choice but to remain calm like that.

And in the meantime steer Cha Yu-jin’s questions became more and more specific.

“[I mean] shouldn’t there have been a cause?”

“…”

hmm.

I looked at the guy.

Steer Cha Yu-jin has become more direct as if she has lifted one layer of hurdles from the past few days.

So you shouldn’t give an answer that can be skipped over here. I realized that this quick-witted guy would notice right away.

okay.

‘That’s right.’

If you use your brain to package this it actually has the opposite effect.

So… I just started putting out whatever came to mind.

It was a story that had never been told before.

“I saw a live cam of the stage and they did well.”

“…”

“I think it was a festival in Pohang.”

Actually I vaguely remembered the name. It was the Pohang Sea Festival hosted by the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries.

[2X0712 Pohang Ocean Leisure Festival Steer Full]

It was a coincidence.

“Originally when I was in college I filmed videos of idol events… I earned some living expenses but the habit stayed with me so I happened to watch videos of idols.”

And the feeling I had at the time of Data Pal still remained even then.

Kind of like ‘How much will these guys do?’

So I thoughtlessly looked up the unit price and was quite shocked.

‘Because it is lower than my predicted unit price.’

It was even at a time when demand was falling.

‘I could see people withdrawing their feet.’

Unless there is some kind of great rebound this idol group is sure to fizzle out like this.

However looking at Steer’s stage the lethargy typical of ‘a person who knows it’s already too late’ was not visible.

So I wondered if I had misunderstood the unit price.

“…”

…I think that’s why I suddenly had this thought.

-If I film and upload a fancam what are the chances of getting lucky and hitting the jackpot again?

Like during the Yeongrin Heavy Rain fancam.

However I knew that it was a delusion that was virtually impossible and I did not have the money or time to implement it.

‘There’s no reason for me to do it in the first place.’

So that means it ended there.

“…As I continued watching I also watched related videos using the WeTube algorithm. Things like stage or entertainment. “That’s it.”

“…”

That was it really.

I kept my mouth shut and Cha Yu-jin also kept her mouth shut.

‘I doubt it… I don’t think so.’

…That’s enough.

I held back a short sigh. I guess this explains it.

“…?…??”

Next to me Kim Rae-bin seemed to be barely able to follow the conversation but we’ll see about that later.

Now I’m busy taking care of my head.

‘Actually it’s funny to even talk about this now.’

To be precise I had forgotten that I had been looking for a group called Steer until recently.

I entered Park Moon-dae’s body with all my memories of that time gone.

That was the end of my memory as a civil service exam student in my 20s when I only had fragmentary information about the success of the &lt;Azusa&gt; re-listing season.

And it was only recently that Ryu Geon-woo regained his memories of quitting his civil service career and working for a living.

‘I got it back by chance when I destroyed the system.’

So this question is…

“So… are you our fan?”

“…”

No you’re saying it’s not like a question like this would come up right?

“I’ve never been to an offline schedule so it’s hard to call me a fan.”

“Really?”

But Cha Yu-jin chuckled.

What?

[So you who originally did not participate appeared on a survival program and it was just a coincidence that a B-grade boy band became a completely successful KPOP group?]

“…”

[You had absolutely no desire to change the fate of this group. Right?]

hey.

‘I was threatened with death if I couldn’t debut you bastard…!’

What fate is frozen to death.

After that if I didn’t win first place I lost and if I didn’t win the grand prize I lost and that’s how I made a living.

I couldn’t bring myself to say that and just suppressed my anger in silence.

But suddenly a suspicion arose.

‘Is this really a coincidence?’

Could it be that because I was interested in a group called Steer that debuted in &lt;Azusa&gt; the system figured it out and accepted my wish?

‘…There is a possibility.’

Anyway let’s calmly resolve any misunderstandings.

I answered sincerely.

“It’s really a misunderstanding. “This must be some kind of butterfly effect.”

“Umm.”

“My memory was a bit messed up too.”

And after explaining my situation a little more I emphasized it again.

“Everyone else in the first place all I did was watch your performances and entertainment shows.”

But it didn’t work.

[A boy band where half of the members disappeared due to gossip and only 3 members remained?]

“…So before we find out about that let’s start with the stage fancam first…”

It won’t work. This keeps coming back with the same words…

‘Let’s endure.’

I suppressed my sleep and silently closed my eyes and opened them.

Cha Yu-jin is now completely leaning on the table and nodding her head. It seems like he has regained his composure instead of being very alert.

And next to me Raebin Kim is nodding as if he finally understands.

“ah! That’s why you immediately recommended Ganghwa Island!”

“What?”

I’ll be amazed.

“This is the place we came to hang out as trainees but Cha Yu-jin says it was the filming location for her group’s first entertainment show. It seems that Brother Moon Dae knew that fact. indeed!”

“…”

You acted like you would never talk about that bastard Steer but when did you tell Raebin Kim?

Wait a minute that thing is still opening its mouth.

“that’s right. Umm the second time was also Ganghwa Island.”

“I see!”

hmm?

I frowned.

This… is a bit strange.

‘Obviously Steer’s second reality show was planned for Ganghwa Island.’

But that’s it.

“It wasn’t canceled…”

“Oh.”

“…”

“…”

Fuck you.

I realized right away.

‘You caught this bastard.’

I wondered if they were aware of the intentionally canceled schedule.

That’s also the schedule at the beginning of debut.

‘You bastard!’

Cha Yu-jin laughed and adjusted her posture. I rubbed my forehead.

I tried to check the facts right away because I was worried that I might say something crazy such as whether I had memory problems or the timeline was different but they said they were using this to trap people.

“It’s a misunderstanding.”

“OK.”

“It’s a misunderstanding.”

I’ve never bought a single of your albums…

‘You can find this information just by organizing the timeline.’

But Cha Yu-jin didn’t even pretend to listen.

[I think everything is clear now.]

Cha Yu-jin held out her hand.

It was quite polite.

“nice to meet you.”

“…”

“It’s been a long time since I saw a fan.”

Damn it.

I… reached out and shook his hand.

“…!”

Why are you surprised when you put your hand out?

…And although I say I’m a fan it’s true that I survived the boredom with the content this guy provided without spending a single penny.

I guess you could say it’s a debt.

“Yes it was nice to meet you.”

“…”

Steer Cha Yu-jin continued to shake hands in silence for quite a long time.

Then he suddenly shrugged his shoulders.

“I think it would be a pity for ‘Mundae hyung’. “I’m more handsome than this Cha Yu-jin.”

That seems like a somewhat controversial statement.

“Is there anything you can feel confident about?”

“I have a tattoo here!”

“what?!”

Cha Yu-jin who is pointing at her forearm and Kim Rae-bin who is shocked leave the two to play…

Anyway I think it’s done now.

‘…It’s been resolved right?’

If I had known this would happen I wouldn’t have said I was a fan a long time ago. I’m not a real fan anyway so saying that could have only made me more wary so is this the best?

‘It seems like he’ll be less stressed so this is the best… ’

I pressed my sore eyebrows and lowered my upper body with the intention of pouring water.

It was then.

Liquid poured down on the table.

It wasn’t water.

“Hyung Mundae?”

Oh damn.

It’s a nosebleed.

* * *

“Are you okay? After all going to the emergency room…”

“I said it’s okay.”

I muttered as I dabbed an ice pack at my already sore nose.

This is the first time I’ve had a nosebleed just because I stayed up all night. It wasn’t like that during &lt;Azusa&gt; either so we needed Bacchus.

‘I have so much to do that my brain is overloaded.’

It seems like blood was rushing to my head and the pressure was trying to escape.

Anyway it just means that my head has become clearer.

“I’m starting to see people.”

“yes. “I think we need to be careful.”

We are now sitting on a simple parasol chair in front of a convenience store.

There are a few people visible on the beach far away and we are all wearing hoodies and masks so no one recognizes us yet.

But since I don’t know when it will come I guess I’ll have to take a taxi and go back…

“Hey drink.”

This guy is the problem.

‘I don’t know if you will follow me obediently.’

“thanks.”

Anyway I opened the ionic drink Cha Yu-jin offered and drank it. And then there was a pause.

“…”

Isn’t this the drink that Steer advertised at the beginning of its debut?

“Wow Moon Dae do you know that too?”

“what.”

I read the article organized in the Steer Wiki advertisement tab.

I continued drinking my drink.

Then I heard a small voice next to me.

“sorry.”

“…”

“Are you disappointed in me?”

“no.”

I took the drink out of my mouth.

“I should have paid more attention but I’m sorry I didn’t.”

“…”

I added as a joke.

“We came out fighting with T1.”

“What?”

It’s true that it’s something to be so shocked about.

“So all schedules related to T1 are blocked. Because of that I cared more about my reputation. “Because I’m nervous.”

“…”

“I’m sorry if you felt controlled. that’s right. “We have no right to do that when we first met.”

Raebin Kim was right.

I glanced at the guy sitting next to me who was packing up the remaining ice packs.

The guy is sitting there seriously worried about my nose bleeding with a face that has no idea that he has made an incredible social achievement.

‘I am indeed.’

It was then.

“Hey.”

Cha Yu-jin wrinkled her nose and shrugged her shoulders.

“I’m not trash.”

What are you talking about all of a sudden?

“I feel grateful to my fans. “Thank you Moon Dae because you are our fan.”

“I’ve never even bought an album.”

[…some values may not be related to money.]

The guy who made a remark that was unbecoming of a person from the headquarters of capitalism put his head on his lap resting his chin.

“thank you.”

“…”

I finished my drink.

“Thank you too.”

We called a taxi on the spot and returned to the hotel.

Cha Yu-jin did not respond or run away. I just quietly chatted with Raebin Kim and naturally got into the taxi with her.

And it would have been great if that had resolved everything.

“Yu Yujin!”

“…thank god.”

Even if I hadn’t found Ryu Cheong-wu who didn’t look very good among the guys who welcomed the situation.

‘What is it?’

I felt a strong premonition of being X.

“Cheongwoo what’s going on?”

“…hmm.”

It means there is. Damn it.

“I received a call from the company… This is just the employees’ guess. “Don’t worry too much just listen.”

“…”

“I heard that Eter will appear as a special guest at an event called Summer Pool today.”

what?

I realized the hidden meaning of those words.

“…It wasn’t the original schedule but all of a sudden?”

“suddenly.”

That’s right.

It is said that Eter suddenly decided today to appear at a similar but smaller event as Waterpool for a fee that is almost unpaid.

But why did our company listen to this so quickly and contact us?

“Anyway… it seems like there’s been some talk about Eugene at work.”

“…”

So the news that Cha Yu-jin escaped came to the ears of the officials through someone in the company…

“If you hadn’t been able to find Eugene an article might have been published in the evening.”

The official over there predicted that this Water Bomb event would be bad news for Testa.

And Ether was hastily inserted into a similar but smaller event to serve as a comparison group.

‘Fuck you.’

Nice head.

‘In this way even small-scale stories can be told with the passion and spirit of newcomers.’

The idea is to aim for word of mouth by contrasting with the first-tier idol members who left the group as they got older and became more popular or the idol groups who canceled Water Bomb.

However this story assumes that Cha Yu-jin went on a rampage like a dog.

“…yes. However since Cha Yu-jin returned safely it will not have the effect that the agency is aiming for.”

“huh. That’s why I told you not to worry too much. “I didn’t tell you for no reason because I thought you would feel more anxious later.”

“…”

That’s right.

Liu Chengyu smiled faintly.

“Anyway get some rest. It’s okay for me to contact the company. “There are still about four hours of sleep until the event… I think it’ll be okay.”

“hmm.”

That won’t work.

“No we have to guess the formation one more time. I also need to check the parts. Since the center is missing I think we need to pay more attention.”

The song which was originally created with Cha Yu-jin’s presence in mind had to be tuned more sharply to exclude her.

But Liu Chengyu shook his head.

“My complexion is so bad right now… Then let’s go to sleep right away. “Then we’ll get it right first…”

“Do you have a group schedule for dinner?”

“…!”

I almost hit it.

Cha Yu-jin suddenly joined the conversation.

‘What is it?’

When I asked ‘Do you have a schedule?’ he didn’t seem very curious as if he was listening closely to the conversation.

“…that’s right. “It’s an event.”

“Are you in trouble because ‘Cha Yu-jin’ isn’t there?”

“…a little bit.”

“Umm.”

Steer Cha Yu-jin looked into space for a moment as if lost in thought.

And I took a quick look at Raebin Kim.

…no way?

“[The reason you got a nosebleed is half my fault.] I also have a sense of responsibility. therefore…”

“…??”

“I have to schedule this evening.”

“…!!”

“Really?!”

“I don’t lie.”

“Cha Yujin!!”

The living room was filled with exclamations screams and bewilderment.

I almost opened my mouth too.

‘…I couldn’t even imagine.’

Steer Cha Yu-jin has joined the temporary schedule.

Also on water bomb.

But after a while.

“Hold on a moment.”

“uh.”

Big Sejin carefully called me out.

“It’s really good that Eugene is cooperating but… you know there are only a few hours left until our water night right?”

Big Sejin spoke quickly and accurately.

“If we don’t do as well as Eugene it might be better to just leave. “After all we ended up talking about health issues.”

“…”

“what do you think about it?”

It was a reasonable concern and a cool-headed judgment.

I probably would have nodded my head too if there was no other information value. but…

I chuckled.

“I don’t think you need to worry.”

“…!”

“Let’s get right into practice.”

No other words will be needed.

Just once.

This is because I know that once the choreography becomes cool my worries will disappear.

‘No rather… ’

I wonder if other emotions arise in that place.

“…okay.”

And 30 minutes later.

“…!”

Let me tell you that my predictions came true.

So the time for Water Bomb was approaching.
