---
title: "Chapter 479"
category: "book"
index: 478
section: "Chapter 479"
slug: "479"
---

# Chapter 479

Seoul Water Bomb.

“Waaaaaa!!”

“evil! hey!”

Streams of water laughter screams and music erupted from all directions.

A crazy summer festival that exchanges fun and physical strength was in full swing from daytime.

Usually at this type of event there are a lot more people who come to focus on having fun but today’s Water Bomb was quite noticeable with people who didn’t do that.

“Is this the last time for the kids?”

“Yes yes. maybe?”

I am a fan of Testa.

Of course this is not the case for everything as Testa itself is very well known to the public and this event is not their solo performance.

However it was also true that people who would not have come to a party where they would run and scream and shoot water guns for 10 hours did so because they were tired.

And even if he wasn’t those fans most of the people who came to Waterbomb today were looking forward to seeing Testa’s performance as a ‘famous singer’ and having fun.

“Oh it’s so cold.”

“Hey the more famous kids come out to dinner though. “The tester won’t come out until after 9 o’clock??”

“okay. Let’s go… Hey Mudi is coming!”

“oh my god!”

However unlike the general participants who simply focused on the festival itself some of Testa’s fans were suffering from other anxiety.

Of course this is due to Cha Yu-jin’s absence.

-It’s too bad Eugene doesn’t appear.

-Cha Goyoung would have been flying around but I think he would be the one to regret it the most…

-People who are not sick in the first place suffer a lot once they get sick… Don’t worry about Lover I want to see you resting well and healthy our Eugene (photo)

A few days ago it was already announced that Cha Yu-jin had suspended her schedule due to health reasons and naturally most people predicted that Cha Yu-jin would not come to Water Night today.

It was easy to find posts on social media expressing concerns about Cha Yu-jin’s health and wishing her recovery.

But there was one problem with keeping the line there and ending there.

Cha Yu-jin’s star quality was too good.

-?? Suddenly taking a break without even telling me the name of the disease??

-LOL It’s a shame that you don’t post anything on Eugene’s car engineering world really.

-Could it be that Chamera lost again?

-Wow Chayupjin take a break from stress? Haha. Why does he look so lame? It doesn’t suit me.

Has Cha Yu-jin ever been sick since her debut?

And to the extent of suddenly stopping the schedule without a deadline?

Moreover it was not known specifically where the pain was.

It only states that temporary rest was recommended due to ‘physical and mental strain’.

So you may feel this way either subtly or overtly.

‘I’m curious.’

Why on earth does it hurt?

Although the story has not yet surfaced speculations were going on behind the scenes in the fandom.

Moreover some aggro suddenly started appearing early in the morning.

-Cha Yu-jin is not sick or is he not coming out because he is meeting his girlfriend haha^^ Yesterday he stayed out without permission and the company was in trouble you idiots.

-An account looking for the original intention of Eugene Ignacio Cha who left home (★★★He actually escaped from the dorm★★★)

These were anonymous accounts.

Accounts with similar speaking styles appeared out of nowhere and made provocative comments.

There were all kinds of rumors including that he had a girlfriend that he got into a fight with the members at the dorm that there was already noise from the time of contract renewal.

Moreover there is even talk that Testa may not appear at all at Water Bomb today due to the aftermath!

– Check to see if the tester comes out or not. Really haha I’m solving it out of pity.

-Don’t lose your mind if you suddenly receive a cancellation notice.

And around that time there were bound to be people who were deaf and thought things like ‘If I didn’t know would there be smoke coming out of the chimney?’

-I see there’s something there.

-It’s true that I don’t consume sasaengbal stories but honestly I’m anxious. It’s been obvious since his debut that he has a slightly different sentiment.

-Please Gommer Big Bird you guys are searching. Try something. It seems more real because it’s quiet.

It quieted down a bit during the day but fans who had already seen it were in a somewhat uncomfortable state.

‘Oh it’s annoying… ’

The same was true for Kim Rae-bin’s fan who came with friends to Water Bomb which was not even in Palja.

‘Cha Yu-jin why are you really sick right now?’

I’m already wondering if I should get a partial refund for the ticket since one of the best members of Water Bomb is missing.

Of course I won’t do that because of Kim Rae-bin.

‘Kim Rae-bin is a slut… he won’t do it.’

While muttering that she had no expectations Raebin Kim’s fan crept forward and sideways as close to the protruding stage fence as possible.

After standing outdoors for several hours while soaked in water the feeling of discomfort and cold could not hinder his movements.

“huh? “Would you like to see it from a little further ahead?”

“Uh huh.”

My friends spontaneously followed along.

Looking around it was clear that many people were fighting over each other to fill in the missing seats all of them having a timetable in their heads.

okay.

An unpleasant feeling is an unpleasant feeling and the real Testa is the real thing.

‘Why doesn’t the testa come out?’

In the end there wasn’t even a cancellation notice.

Now the last corner.

‘It’s coming out!!’

[Hello Seoul~]

Papa baba papang!!

Amidst water cannons powerful sound firecracker-like flame effects and LEDs exploding six tall figures appear on a huge outdoor stage on a dark midsummer evening.

[Make some noise!]

It was a testa!

“Wow!!!”

Even though he reflexively screamed the fan noticed.

Cha Yu-jin was missing.

But it was a moment. At the same time my eyes were drawn to Testa’s outfit.

They were wearing simple white t-shirts and jeans. A light outfit that only shows two or three members wearing denim jackets.

But in a situation like this simple things are always best.

This is because water becomes the point element for all other elements.

Ahhh!!!

A familiar intro begins to play against a backdrop of ear-popping shouts.

Exciting and fast beat.

&lt;Promise&gt; has been arranged slightly more rhythmically to suit the festival.

[Take your STAR

A day when the stars are pouring down

Kicking the waves and running

Run and Fly to the sky!]

It is a popular song with a refreshing taste befitting an idol.

It felt very wholesome for a water bomb but it was still fun enough to be like a college festival where everyone sings along to songs everyone knows.

Moreover because of the commonality in the keyword ‘water’ it was a perfect fit in terms of performance.

“and!!”

“Fuck you dog!”

Testa’s performance splashing water while wearing only special anti-slip pads on his bare feet was already met with enthusiastic cheers.

In addition Testa members generously volunteered their bodies.

[Today is today.

Let’s go!]

In the second verse they even included an ad-lib interlude on purpose and started running around the protruding stage freely.

“Ahyeon!”

For example Sun Ah-hyeon jumped out in front of the protrusion and took a graceful and agile lap while being hit by a splash of water.

“Wow!!”

A stream of water poured down again on Sun Ah-hyeon who was waving her hand with a slightly embarrassed or shy expression on her face.

And if you look to the side

“Liu Chengwu! Liu Chengwu!”

“Please stay here!”

‘and… ’

It was almost like I could see the desire swirling around. Even people who don’t seem to be Testa fans are saying the same thing.

Ryu Chengwu was providing fan service by being showered with water pouring down around his neck and back without any sign of displeasure.

‘Crazy abs… ’

Raebin Kim’s fan naturally restraining himself from turning his head turned his head to find his favorite.

[Yes fly so far like this]

It was right in front of me!

The white face of Kim Rae-bin with her extravagant piercings was right in front of us.

‘Gigi Kim Rae-bin’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan almost lost his mind for a moment…

But I had to come to my senses soon.

This is because the guy who was one of the members wearing the jacket was facing the brunt of the excited requests from the mischievous couple in the audience right next to him.

“Take it off! Take it off!”

Let’s take off our jackets and have fun together.

‘That must be true of Kim Rae-bin’s personality!’

however…

The guy who was snooping his head… actually took off his jacket!

“…?!”

And handed it to the audience.

“Aaaah?!”

“It’s mom!”

‘You crazy man!’

The screams of the person who received it and the people around them turned the area into a frenzy.

Kim Rae-bin didn’t seem to understand why water guns were pouring out instead of thanks but he seemed to think it was a sign of gratitude.

Kim Rae-bin’s white top was all wet and stuck to her back as she bowed her head and ran on stage again.

‘Fuck… fuck.’

thanks.

I wanted to punch myself in the mouth for criticizing me for asking why I was attending such a dangerous event like Waterbomb.

The stimulation was crazy.

‘Are you in good shape too?…!’

Raebin Kim’s fan was once again impressed by her choice not to pick up her smartphone.

I’m taking a picture someone else will be taking a picture. What I see with my own eyes is more important to me!

[Today will shine!]

Testa finished the first song only after going around the protrusion and showing another exciting dance break.

A roar that threatened to leave the outdoor concert hall shook the air.

[hello~! Nice to meet you!]

It was the same even when Testa tried to give a light greeting and talk.

[Oh my we would be even more grateful if you could avoid our faces so that we can sing that song… Oh my.]

Even as I spoke water was splashing mercilessly on my face.

However Lee Se-jin grinned lifted his shirt stole the ball burst into laughter and moved on.

[All right! Still playing is more important~?]

Then cheers and positivity that seemed to leave the concert hall resounded.

Dimin Kim Rae-bin’s fan frowned for a moment even in the hot and exciting atmosphere.

‘Ah that’s why I did the water bomb thing.’

This was because it could be dangerous because of mindless kids who shoot at eye level or crazy guys who shoot mixed with alcohol instead of water.

Especially when it comes to famous male idols like that they often have strange fandoms or passionate followers.

however.

Park Moon-dae who already looked like a wet puppy made a serious bombshell statement.

[Then just… shoot comfortably.]

“…??”

[We will stop it on our own.]

Then Testa started taking things out of his pockets.

They were waterproof goggles.

“Hahaha!”

I’m finally using the armor I didn’t use when I came out!

While the people who had been attacked by time lag were laughing Testa also laughed heartily and put on his goggles.

These were some pretty cool-looking fashion goggles.

And without a moment to catch your breath they jump onto the protruding stage one by one in the order in which they were put on!

[Going straight to the next song!]

“Waaaaaaaa!!”

“Ahh!!”

Good job on choosing a spot!! crazy!!

While Kim Rae-bin’s fan was holding her friend’s arm and screaming water guns poured down on Bae Se-jin who was standing right in front of them.

My jacket my clothes and the white shirt I wore underneath were all wet.

‘Pity!’

However she did not stop her friend from shooting water at Bae Se-jin’s boat…

In this way Jeonju flows by in an atmosphere of high excitement due to excitement and a rush of hormones.

[Doong…!]

“Ah the latest song!”

It was ‘Roll the Dice’.

The beat seemed to have sped up a bit perhaps because it had been arranged to be a little more intense.

When people are already starting to shout and respond.

[Oh and… we have a guest.]

“uh?”

Liu Chengyu suddenly smiled and said that.

But there was no explanation as to what was being said and no time for people to mutter in curiosity…

[Touch your hand

My tape is cold again!]

The song started with Park Moon-dae’s high notes.

“Wow!”

Park Moon-dae wearing goggles moved his body vigorously as if he didn’t care who was shooting water and where. People cheer and follow the movement.

[The moment my heart beats

All my senses are slow]

Testa pulled out the characteristic and impressive choreography like a sword but used other formations and gestures somewhat freely and ran around the protruding stage.

Lights splatter from people’s cameras.

The moment of the performance when the song is running the beat is racing and the summer evening air seems to be bursting with heat and moisture.

The last part before the pre-chorus!

[Finding a clear answer-]

and.

Suddenly the music stopped.

“…?”

In the most tense situation where you need to explode!

For a moment I thought it was an audio accident.

ping!

A colorful LED light came on on the stage display board behind the protruding stage.

And there… someone was standing there.

Blonde. Jeans and a white T-shirt that fits well.

The seventh person wearing goggles.

Cha Yujin.

[…]

He holds a microphone and makes short sounds as if testing.

[Ah ah.]

That moment.

“Waaaaaaaa!!”

“Eujin!!”

“what?? who is this?”

In the excitement fans are shocked in a good way by the sudden appearance and even strangers are caught up in the atmosphere and shout.

The swirling band accompaniment returned.

[!!]

And Cha Yu-jin started running out of the protrusion.

“I’m crazy!”

Cha Yu-jin who had half of her hair shaved ran straight ahead as if she was going to break through the wet stage without paying attention.

In the meantime without losing his breath he continues to sing his part without stopping and puts it over the microphone.

[There is only one choice

Yes take it all one more

Even if I lose this tight grip]

And at the very front.

The moment you step into the center of Testa’s large pavilion.

[Let’s Start the melee]

The song is dropped.

A spectacular dance break that wasn’t in the original song.

[side side side]

Cha Yu-jin jumped forward.

“…!!”

crazy.

Crazy crazy!

The squirting stopped temporarily in front of the projection.

An incredibly three-dimensional feeling a violently impressive presence and exhilarating explosive power.

‘what??’

[Just roll the dice]

Cha Yu-jin performed the dance break in a style that was close to a solo dance.

The action of kicking the ground with your feet and bouncing your body as if sweeping the floor with the recoil of your body looked really cool but it also seemed like a lot of overload.

‘Huh??’

But I didn’t even have time to come to my senses.

Cha Yu-jin’s next action was to casually lift up her jacket and throw it among the dumbfounded people.

Immediately a well-toned upper body was revealed.

“…?!”

“Aaaah!!”

And so it continues.

I kept creating something that I couldn’t take my eyes off of.

When entering the slow section Cha Yu-jin deliberately sat down and welcomed water.

So that I can hit you directly in the face.

‘Mi… crazy.’

And without even closing his eyes he stared at each of the people who were shooting water guns took off his goggles and stood up.

Very naturally.

However at the perfect timing as the interlude ended he rejoined the formation.

And the final chorus performance of the title song that drives you crazy.

[pull]

Fireworks exploded.

However he generously crossed all lines and burned it so that even the loud and splendid finale seemed like a background.

So at the same time.

– MimimiㅣChin Water Bomb Cha Yujin appears

-Wow Cha Yujin

SNS was being turned upside down.

And there was one reason why all of this was possible.

Steer Cha Yu-jin did not have higher absolute abilities than tester Cha Yu-jin.

The lack of management and education was that painful.

Just an experience.

All the things I went through because of the group that had so many accidents.

An environment where there are many sudden changes depending on the situation so your ability to learn and apply choreography at the moment is bound to increase dramatically.

This is because we could not survive if we did not increase.

-I won everything.

-omg.

So he mastered the choreography for Testa’s latest title remix and two other songs for the event in four hours.

and…

Moments where I desperately remained by adapting to very uncomfortable and unfamiliar situations in order to somehow put on an impressive performance.

There was one ability that he developed to the limit in order to seize the opportunity.

[Talent\: EX (EX)]

If only the opportunity came.

He was a man who would not lose sight of someone.
