---
title: "Chapter 480"
category: "book"
index: 479
section: "Chapter 480"
slug: "480"
---

# Chapter 480

Water Bomb’s testa flooded social media like crazy.

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssss and and and and and and and and and Ryu Chungwoo’s desperation!!

-Water Bomb I’m using a phone with a shattered screen.

-What should I do? What should I do?

-Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha everyone is out of their minds.

Appreciative videos and photos are shared in real time.

Heat and energy.

As if there was an exclamation mark attached to all those expressions they were full of liveliness and dynamism. And excitement bordering on madness overflowed.

And I can definitely say that MVP is…

-Crazy guy (video)

It was Cha Yu-jin.

The appearance of Cha Yu-jin who suddenly appeared in the middle and wandered around the stage as if she was going to eat her was captured on phone cameras from all kinds of angles and uploaded to the Internet.

Numerous eye contact photos and videos are still pouring in.

In this short period of time it seemed like there were hundreds or hundreds of posts talking frantically about meeting Cha Yu-jin’s eyes.

-Can’t I hear Cha Yu-jin? Every time I come I scream so much.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ (Photo)

-Is this what you originally looked like Cha Yu-jin? (video)

A midsummer night.

Cha Yu-jin whose eyes were backlit by a light that pierced her eyes like the sun seemed to be swallowing her gaze.

-Wow fuck

-He said it hurts.

-I’m flying around;;;

-I guess you’re crazy. Oh please you son of a bitch I sold the tickets because I thought you wouldn’t show up.

Of course there was a lot of crying among Cha Yu-jin’s personal fans.

A few days ago it was announced that Cha Yu-jin would not be participating in the schedule for a while due to health reasons. Naturally it was a well-established belief that there was a high probability that Water Bomb would not participate.

But on the same day.

-????

-What is it?

Everyone was dumbfounded by the sight of him suddenly appearing in the middle of the room without another word and rushing towards the audience on stage like crazy.

And soon I was screaming.

However the voices of dissatisfaction caused by such individual losses are not noticeable…

-Cha Yujin and crazy

It was so overwhelming.

Water Bomb’s Cha Yu-jin’s eye glow was visible even through the low-quality screen that was shaken by water droplets and moisture.

Powerful facial expressions and movements.

-It’s a legend.

-I thought it would be suitable as a water bomb but I didn’t expect it to be like this…

-It’s not that I’m sick but what training did you do?

Of course if you look closely at each detail you may have noticed something awkward.

For example Testa allocated a particularly small number of dance parts or intentionally increased the number of parts each member filled out with ad-libs so that the total sum was less than usual.

Somehow Cha Yu-jin’s vocalization seems to be a little less stable.

However the audience did not dare to leave enough mental space to even care about such things.

The ability that is most maximized at these festival-type events.

Because of the existence of talent stats that have been trained to the limit.

That was the only thing that caught my eye.

-Cha Yu-jin posted 3 seconds on Crazy Inheart and in 10 minutes it already had over 50000 views;

Just by posting a short cut with a hashtag on social media views poured in.

-Oh I’m going crazy.

-Water Bomb doesn’t sell VOD or anything like that? please

The audience in the video seemed to be going crazy to the extent that the reactions of internet people who started hitting the ground were not awkward.

It was like that in reality.

Water bomb scene.

Wow!!

The stage races like crazy.

[In the pose!]

The third stage was the new song ‘Pose’ with an exciting American 80s teen concept.

This song which originally focused on playful and exciting boyishness was developed into a more relaxed and hot feel in line with Water Bomb.

Although she didn’t comment Steer Cha Yu-jin really liked this song.

So I tried not to think any deeper.

I implemented the choreography I had learned and ran wild.

“Whoa.”

And finally the interlude between songs arrived.

[Did you enjoy it~]

I could barely hear the progress.

‘…Wow.’

As he took a deep breath and combed his hair he saw a firm hand handing him a water bottle.

It was leader Ryu Cheong-woo.

“…”

Steer Cha Yu-jin was almost mistaken for a moment. It was because of the adrenaline.

But soon I realized the situation again.

‘are you okay.’

“Thanks.”

He drank half in one go and poured the other half on his head with a grin. Screams erupted from the audience again.

And Lee Se-jin’s sad words.

[That’s right Cha Yu-jin appeared as a special guest~ You guys are so nice right?!]

Ahhh yes!!

yes!!

Screams mixed with positive exclamatory and profanity were rampant.

Spectator Spectator!

‘Oh shit.’

It’s embarrassing to say this but Cha Yu-jin felt a tickling sensation that made her hair stand on end for a moment.

Was it because it had been such a long time since this reaction occurred?

And Park Moon-dae who had been hit by a thunderbolt of water while wringing out the moisture from his jacket next to him also noticed Cha Yu-jin’s expression.

‘I was overwhelmed for a moment.’

He also knew the exact reason.

In other words it has been a very long time since Steer has been given this kind of environment.

Unlike Testa.

‘…Testa is the headliner of the concert.’

So the audience for this performance were people who were already ready to pay attention to themselves.

‘…’

That was an element that Steer Cha Yu-jin could not have no matter how active she was.

Steer was a group that had already ‘cooled down’ once.

The public does not become interested in materials that have lost their sweetness after being consumed in that way until the ‘cool time’ comes back.

Not paying attention.

How scary is the preconceived notion of human psychology?

That characteristic made me not even watch ‘Lee’ Cha Yu-jin’s stage.

‘but.’

A miraculous moment when public interest returns.

The presence of steer Cha Yu-jin who waited for just that one moment and grinded herself to the very end displayed such an enormous suction power that it was now violent.

At least Park Moon-dae knew that so he smiled in many ways.

‘okay. discharge… ’

Until I got hit by water all over my body again.

“Take it off!!”

“…yep.”

Wow!!!

Park Moon-dae gave up his jacket without any hesitation after being hit by the water cannon again. The unexpected cheers grew louder regardless of the progress.

[Then let’s go to the encore song~]

And by slowing down the tempo slightly the last song slightly brings out the atmosphere of a summer night.

A song that is so popular that everyone can sing along.

Limestone movie OST.

[Black-hole

[Let me swallow it]

Black hole.

A deep tone rang in my ears.

What sounds like a chorus are the voices of the audience.

Oh oh oh-

Some excited audience members turned on their smartphone flashlights and waved them to set the mood.

Cha Yu-jin moved her body while listening to the unfamiliar and good song that she had only practiced for a few hours.

The cheers deepened again.

He looks at the audience and listens to the music amidst a surge of adrenaline.

A deep rich and unique melody.

And within it he found traces of what he knew.

Guitar riff.

I remember the low unconfident voice my friend spoke to me.

-For the next album… no if that’s not possible it would be nice if I could use it at some point…

‘Kim Rae-bin made it.’

Here he seemed to have made it into a song just as he wanted.

But that appreciation was very short-lived. To fall into such thoughts…

It’s been so long since I’ve been on this stage and it’s so big.

And there were people who continued to follow him with their eyes.

As if possessed.

“Cha Yujin!”

“Eujin!”

Are they fans of this ‘Testar Cha Yu-jin’?

Or is this entirely a reaction to my performance?

I couldn’t figure it out.

But at this moment…

[Black-hole!]

Because it was he who was standing on stage.

Cha Yu-jin was able to fully accept the stimulation.

Move your body express yourself and digest the song.

And the viewer reacts!

That thrill.

So I realized.

‘ah.’

That’s why it was like this.

[Hit it like a comet]

Give up completely and find another way.

The reason I couldn’t keep that simple principle.

The reason I couldn’t give up.

‘It’s fun.’

[Shatter like a shooting star]

He fucking loved this.

* * *

The bed was comfortable.

And the writing is very comfortable on the eyes.

-Water Bomb come out one more time…… please

“hmm.”

I turned the pages on my smartphone with satisfaction.

Half a day after the water night.

All of the Water Bomb-related articles that are still dominating real-time trends are related to Testa.

‘It was a somewhat difficult route from safety to exposure.’

The buzz was enough to make it worthwhile to make an unconventional choice even after taking some risks into account.

-Can you please come to Incheon? I’ll do really well. I’ll put some Evoin in the water gun please.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠA fancam of Ahyun’s shirt being torn… It’s finally here.

-How did the trio of jackets all lose their jackets (video)

-Lee Se-jin is such a fox… Have you seen him being pushed and pushed by a slut? If you don’t fall in love with him after seeing this you don’t like your guy.

Even humorous posts like this are popping up.

————————=

[The idol gave me a gift but I don’t know if he gave it to my boyfriend or to me]

(capture) (link)

It is said that a couple who received a jacket from Kim Rae-bin at Water Bomb are fighting without giving an inch to each other because they received the jacket.

Kim Rae-bin’s ruling is urgent haha.

————————==

-Crazy hahahahahahahahahaha

-Oh the man said it was his because of the size and the woman said she made eye contact first so it’s all quite persuasive haha.

-Ravin please show up quickly before the Solomon verdict is announced haha.

└Happy jacket hahaha

For reference here are the results I asked myself\:

-yes? ah! I thought the woman was so cold that she needed my jacket so I gave it to her…

I thought so.

Anyway the conclusion is…

‘What can it be?’

It means a great success.

I chuckled.

If this happens one more thing is automatically kept in check.

‘But in the meantime Ether?’

The first-tier idols who appeared in Water Bomb garnered all the attention so is there any chance that the rookies who appeared in Summer Pool would be mentioned?

I just did something foolish by running an event at a cheap price.

No on the contrary…

-Hmm I guess I’m not as talented as I thought.

– Doesn’t it feel oddly solemn?

If you sort the comments in the WeTube fancam by latest order and then search for Korean you can secretly find reactions like this.

In short we were marketing the concept very tightly but our weaknesses were slightly revealed when we showed up at such a raw water-shooting event.

Lack of experience.

Lack of ability to cope live.

‘hmm.’

I rubbed my chin.

If I do this well… I could feed it in reverse.

‘It’s a bit scandalous.’

No matter how much I think about it trying to go viral with Cha Yu-jin was a bit excessive.

‘Isn’t it hard to see that as a strategy?’

But if you really think of it as a strategy.

I smiled and got out of bed.

‘An eye for an eye I can do the same… ’

“Lie down Park Mun-dae.”

“…”

shit.

I leaned against the head of the bed. Sejin Lee sat on the edge of the bed with a bright smile on her face.

“Wow~ As soon as the schedule ends I feel sick! “The fever is 38 degrees!”

“…”

“As expected Mundae I’m sick again after finishing my schedule!”

Stop it.

“But then that means you’re going to get some rest now right? huh?”

“uh.”

But isn’t it possible to use your head while resting your body?

I’m not even the only one who has stretched out.

If you listen carefully.

“Ugh.”

“after…”

This is the sound of Kim Rae-bin and Bae Se-jin talking loudly in their own rooms.

That’s right. At Waterbomb only the bad guys wore jackets.

‘They are all the ones who moved the most during the Cha Yu-jin incident.’

However since everyone lost their jackets and ended up running around bare-chested it can be seen as a planned result. My body seemed to have become heavier since dawn perhaps because I was relaxed.

I nodded and soon came to a fairly credible guess.

But even though we moved around a lot the others probably had a tough time too right?

‘I stayed up all night ran to work and had a hard time for a few days.’

However there he even performed while being showered with his entire body by a stream of water from an unknown source…

“You probably aren’t feeling well either. Isn’t it?”

“…”

This guy is avoiding his eyes.

“Go and lie down.”

“yes.”

And 2 hours later.

Soon everyone began to suffer stably.

“…What?”

That is everyone except steer Cha Yu-jin.
