---
title: "Chapter 481"
category: "book"
index: 480
section: "Chapter 481"
slug: "481"
---

# Chapter 481

This is the accommodation.

There are… almost no survivors.

“Ugh.”

“her…”

This isn’t some kind of disease or apocalypse.

It’s a new accommodation that I haven’t been able to unpack properly because I’m already busy but it’s empty and there’s no one walking around.

‘Everyone is making a fuss.’

Even.

“Haha my body aches… I don’t know how many years it’s been.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu also stretched out.

I looked back at the guy in the bed next to me who was taking fever reducers and smiling.

‘I got hit by a thunderbolt of water once and persistently.’

Of course that wasn’t the only reason this guy stretched out. Because he was fine and showed no signs of fatigue even after three consecutive days of concerts.

It seems that the stress and burden that arose from the collapse of the company and the reckless push during the album preparation period coincided with the Cha Yu-jin incident and exploded all at once.

‘He must have done more because he was the leader.’

But even so what’s great is that this guy is in the best condition.

And it’s up to you to figure it out.

“Well when you feel better I’ll go to work for a while and come back…”

Me indeed.

“Get some rest. “I don’t even have a schedule.”

“…!”

“It is not too late to receive a call from the company when it arrives. “It’s not like there’s anything urgent.”

“…huh. okay.”

Liu Chengyu lay back on the bed with a slightly embarrassed smile.

I just… first lay down on the blanket.

‘Well… there are days when I get a good rest like this.’

At this point the important things have been completed.

I thought it might be okay for a day or so.

Weeing.

The wind blew along with the sound of the circulator running. That was enough.

It’s really funny that no one says it’s hot on this summer day even though the air conditioner isn’t on.

‘hmm.’

But there is only one exception.

[…It’s hot.]

“Turn on the air conditioner.”

“I’m not trash.”

Standing on the doorstep with sad eyes… is the only survivor.

This is Cha Yu-jin.

“Why is everyone sick?”

This surprisingly lively guy came out to the living room early in the morning and has been wandering around ever since.

It seems that Bae Se-jin is making a fuss in his room so he can’t go in.

By the way the funniest thing is that the exact opposite of this situation was posted on social media.

-Ah Eugene said he would go out somehow so he appeared but he seems to be taking a break because his health is getting worse.ㅠㅠ

└The professionalism is crazy…

That’s right.

People firmly believe that Cha Yu-jin showed her fighting spirit and became a legend by flying around on stage even though she was sick.

However the only one who is officially sick is actually the only one who is fine among them.

“I’ll wake up in the evening and shake everything off so you don’t have to worry about it.”

“…”

So steer Cha Yu-jin pretends not to be but looks quite embarrassed. Since a while ago I couldn’t sit in one place.

‘…I can’t tell them to go out and play.’

Still I don’t think this kid will run away again thinking about control.

In fact steer Cha Yu-jin became strangely silent right after yesterday’s performance but seemed lost in thought in a good way.

This means that it has changed quite stably.

‘good.’

then.

I said calmly pressing the back of my hand to my throbbing forehead.

“I think it wouldn’t matter if I closed the door and turned on the air conditioner in the living room.”

“…”

“no. It’s so big… I’m switching rooms with Lee Se-jin. “We will change it right away.”

Yes I should have done this a long time ago. If we gave this guy a solitary confinement and guaranteed privacy he would have calmed down a bit.

‘I was too obsessed with eliminating variables.’

It’s more visible because it’s a bit more relaxed. Being sick can be beneficial right? I saw steer Yujin Cha.

‘I think the tension between us has eased quite a bit while performing together this time.’

It is a similar phenomenon to the way that once the group assignment results end with an A the bad feelings disappear for the group members who participated properly even if the process was a bit boring.

‘This guy did a good job.’

Yujin Cha.

Without this guy a significant amount of this buzz would probably have been lost.

First of all a guy who didn’t seem like he was going to appear in the show suddenly appeared in the middle of the show took aggro and took over all kinds of popular videos with his talent stat EX so it was a hot topic.

‘…The reaction when Cha Yu-jin comes back is a bit problematic.’

I wish I could remember.

In any case this means that in a situation where friendly relationships are built like this there is a high probability that the proposal will work well.

‘I think it will work this time.’

I looked at him with quite confidence.

however.

“I have no intention of taking that sick person’s room.”

“…!”

[I told you. It’s not that trash.]

And then the guy left the door flapping his t-shirt neckband.

“…”

no…

‘Then what?’

Even if I give him a solution he spits it out.

Why did you say it was hot? Was this an expression of intention to eat some ice cream as a build-up?

I looked back at Liu Chengwu for objective confirmation but soon discovered that he was sound asleep.

“…”

Let’s leave it alone.

‘…I don’t know.’

okay. Do it yourself.

In the end I decided to guarantee Cha Yu-jin a reasonable amount of autonomy.

It means that he had to crawl out of bed and say this.

“The manager is here… It should be on your phone too. “If you need anything ask for ice cream or something.”

“…”

“Don’t talk about details like what who or how we are sick.”

Seeing that the word was leaked to other agencies I think we need to be more careful until we properly control our mouths.

Isn’t it difficult to expect such things from Cha Yu-jin?

‘I guess this is enough.’

However… Steer Cha Yu-jin sighed.

what?

“OK. “I understand now.”

“What…”

“Go to bed now.”

And I was pushed into the street room.

“…?”

When I turned around Cha Yu-jin was sitting on the sofa and holding her smartphone.

‘What is he doing?’

And this question is solved step by step.

* * *

First of all… not even an hour later a box of something arrived at my dorm.

Ding-dong.

‘Ice cream and… ice pack?’

And some daily necessities and groceries.

Given the circumstances did you assume that Cha Yu-jin contacted the manager?

no. It was not prepared by company employees.

“You did it?”

“Yeah.”

I had it delivered to the supermarket myself.

“I hated being contacted by Moon Dae’s company. no?”

“…”

“And any adult living in Korea can use this method.”

No I’m not saying I thought you couldn’t deliver.

‘For some reason I didn’t think doing it myself would be too much of an active gesture in my life.’

“I need to sort things out…”

“Nope.”

However Cha Yoo-jin kicked Kim Rae-bin’s butt as she stumbled sent her back to her room and even organized the boxes she had ordered herself.

And surprisingly Cha Yu-jin’s practice of ‘doing it yourself’ started here.

First give everyone warm and cold water in a tumbler.

“It’s okay…”

“Your face doesn’t look good.”

They handed out ice packs lined with towels.

“Huh? “There was a towel like this…”

“I bought it.”

In the end we ended up checking the temperature and checking the timing of taking medicine.

“The fever hasn’t gone down yet. “I use an ice pack.”

“…”

I suppressed my sleep in bed while watching the guy leave the thermometer.

At this point I’m confused.

I… am being cared for by Cha Yu-jin?

And to that guy too?

‘Is this true?’

I turned my head. Seeing Ryu Cheong-wu opening the ice pack towel with a puzzled expression it seemed like reality was true.

However we did not know that Hwaryongjeomjeong had not even come out yet.

An hour later.

“…brother.”

“why.”

“What smell is this?”

“…!”

I raised my head and looked outside.

I could see a pot boiling in the kitchen outside the door.

From there the unique smell of savory broth was rising.

“…??”

And the person standing in front of the pot is… Cha Yu-jin.

“…?!”

Does Cha Yu-jin cook?

I was almost wondering what he was doing or why he was making food for himself…

Surprisingly the purpose of cooking was not self-sufficiency.

“Come out and eat.”

“…”

He called the troublemakers to the table.

The members who were suddenly assembled sat around the table and were able to confirm the identity of the food he cooked.

that…

“Uh huh.”

“this.”

It looked familiar.

-Chicken soup for the soul!

This is because it was a recipe that Cha Yu-jin had already tried several times.

‘Did you say your mother told you this?’

It seemed like a taste that had its own memories. But what happens every time he tries this dish…

I added honey once.

-Wow!

There was almost a fire once.

-Ugh!

In short it was a complete failure.

There is probably no one here who doesn’t remember.

“…”

“…”

Bae Se-jin’s trembling voice was heard.

“…why bother giving me the option of ordering porridge?”

I can’t bear to refute it.

But… I looked up and saw Cha Yu-jin in the kitchen who was still cleaning up after herself.

To be exact his hand movements.

‘hmm.’

It was the movement of someone who had experienced it.

This means that it was not a reckless attempt. I mean I used to cook on a daily basis before.

then.

‘…was there a time when the company did not provide good care?’

In short it may be a case of your skills improving as you do it.

I thought for a bit and then gave a short answer. I can’t even talk about all of this so just say it.

“…Thank you.”

“…okay.”

After hearing those words everyone sat up straight as if they had made a firm decision. They seem to be willing to eat whatever comes their way.

Soon Cha Yu-jin sat down at the table with something that looked like soft white porridge as if she had taken it as a side dish.

The members flinched but steer Cha Yu-jin opened her mouth without any reaction.

“It may be a little unfamiliar but. “The only thing I can do is cook when I’m sick.”

“…”

Instead of saying ‘Then order porridge’ Sun Ah-hyun’s happy voice came out.

“Now I’ll eat well…!”

“thanks.”

And after a moment of holding the spoon quite solemnly.

“…!”

“It’s delicious…?”

“It has a unique flavor!”

Surprisingly Cha Yu-jin’s chicken soup tasted very good.

‘No it’s really okay.’

If it sticks in the mouths of sick foreigners it means it’s really delicious.

Steer Cha Yu-jin smiled slightly.

“Good.”

The meal began to take place in a relaxed atmosphere.

And the sick ones slowly opened their mouths and started talking as if they had gained energy as their stomachs were filled.

“Yesterday’s water night… it was fun.”

“Oh really. We all ended up like this because we enjoyed it so much!”

“that’s right. But Eugene responded the best and is the healthiest.”

Ryu Cheong-wu was probably planning to gently lead the conversation by saying ‘And I’m really grateful that you even took care of me like this.’

However Cha Yu-jin reacted like this smiling and slightly frowning her eyebrows.

“There is also a reaction to ‘this’ tester Cha Yu-jin.”

“…!”

I didn’t come forward.

‘I don’t think you’re arguing?’

Rather it felt like respect.

And now there are people other than me who refute it.

“But still… you did the performance that people saw yesterday.”

“That’s right~ I guess there were more people who just came to the event than our fans?”

“…”

“Wow our Cha Yu-jin is really good too… You were really good too. So you were good and people liked you.”

Cha Yu-jin was briefly silent. And he answered obediently.

“i know.”

“…!”

The guy calmly adjusted his posture at the table. It was a bit polite.

“Thank you for giving me a chance. And I apologize for my rude attitude at first. sorry.”

Steer Cha Yoo-jin bowed her head and some embarrassed members began to stumble while putting their heads down on the table.

Huh.

“Oh no. Ugh it was nice to perform together…! “I’m sorry that I didn’t really understand…”

“Oh that’s right…”

The atmosphere became more relaxed.

It was a complete reconciliation mood.

“Okay let’s get along well from now on!”

Well this guy seems to think he deserves an apology.

Anyway the atmosphere of building basic trust with each other… wasn’t really a bad thing.

“good job.”

“I know.”

I listened to Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin’s small conversation laughed and then continued eating.

And I don’t know if it was really thanks to Cha Yu-jin’s nursing but it was evening a few hours later.

All Testa were able to roughly recover their strength.

“go!”

“Sejin is having a hard time.”

So this means that we are now gathered in the living room snoring and playing games.

Ttanttarang ttanttarang!

I was sitting behind Bae Se-jin who roughly turned the handle and Ryu Cheong-woo who was cautious watching the screen moving without thinking.

‘I’m still dizzy.’

Surprisingly Cha Yu-jin did not enter the room but sat next to the sofa.

“Are you comfortable?”

[It’s kind of like that. Thanks to my friends and fans.]

Yeah Raebin Kim… No I’m not a fan.

Well even if that’s the case.

I asked casually.

“What about Chungwoo?”

Even if it’s because of Bae Se-jin’s drug problem isn’t Ryu Cheong-woo okay? He must have performed well until the end.

But Cha Yu-jin suddenly closed her mouth and glanced at me.

what.

[Sometimes it is an artist’s duty to protect the dreams of fans.]

“…?”

What are you talking about?

[Nothing.]

Cha Yu-jin took a step back but I roughly captured the mood from the tone of voice.

‘What kind of shit is that?’

It was clear that steer Ryu Cheong-woo also had a mental breakdown. I guess he was a different person than he is now.

‘Well it doesn’t matter.’

Anyway steer Cha Yu-jin seemed to have adapted quite well here and didn’t seem as uncomfortable or angry as before.

Even now Sun Ah-hyeon who brought the peaches is talking nicely.

“Still I hope we get along well during the remaining time. “If there’s something you want to try we can try it together.”

“okay. “Speak comfortably!”

Steer Cha Yu-jin was briefly silent but then shrugged his shoulders.

“OK.”

“Oh!”

A brief cheer of welcome erupted from the living room. It was as if a new colleague was being recruited.

‘hmm.’

Not bad.

I chuckled.

It was then.

[Update complete!]

-Early achievement

…uh?
