---
title: "Chapter 482"
category: "book"
index: 481
section: "Chapter 482"
slug: "482"
---

# Chapter 482

…I once made such a hypothesis.

The reasoning is that because of this system update Cha Yu-jin has returned to the way she was when she was working as a steer.

I don’t know the exact description but it seemed persuasive in terms of timing and context.

And the status window notified that the update would take 30 days.

Naturally everyone expected that he would spend the next 3 to 4 weeks with steer Cha Yu-jin.

however.

[Update complete!]

-Early achievement

It was the moment when this unexpected pop-up suddenly appeared.

[‘■■■ (ver.2 Beta)’ being applied]

Jiying-

Color returns to the hologram where only basic lines and fonts remained.

The UI has returned a dazzling game system-like framework has been established and the graphics have become more sophisticated than before forming a translucent window.

and.

[complete!]

“…”

I don’t know why

It’s over.

I knew that intuitively.

I turned my head and looked at the guy watching the game on TV with the kart running dizzyingly.

And then he opened his mouth.

“…Cha Yujin.”

The fact that the update ended early means that the abnormalities that have occurred to Cha Yu-jin so far are also over…

“why?”

“…?”

…It’s not over?

Cha Yu-jin was resting her chin without any abnormal reaction.

Steer Cha Yu-jin looked the same.

And when I called him and didn’t say anything he shrugged and turned his face to the TV.

“It’s okay to tell me if you think of it.”

“…”

Wait a minute is this really wrong from the basic inference?

‘It was unrelated to the update?’

It was just when my head was about to become more complicated.

Tiring-!

“…!”

Another pop-up appeared.

[Do you want to restart ‘For Company Use’?]

“…”

Oh I see.

I pressed my eyelids with my hands.

I even had a choice of timing.

* * *

Let’s see.

If I don’t restart it and cancel the system completely there is a possibility that Cha Yu-jin may not come back at all.

However if I restart this system right away… Aside from being uncomfortable.

‘Is this Cha Yu-jin… disappearing right away?’

…Maybe so.

Of course it is right to send him back quickly and bring back Cha Yu-jin.

However now that I can make a choice I start to evaluate whether I should tell this to myself or not.

Even if I suddenly say to that person’s face ‘It looks like it can be restored to its original state so go back right away’ will it be cleaned up without any mental damage?

‘…That guy’s memory is Cha Yu-jin in a state where Steer was disbanded.’

It is a waterway that has barely been opened.

There’s a guarantee that that guy… didn’t expect to enjoy the stage here even once or twice more.

‘after.’

I sat down on the bed holding back a sigh.

Anyway this was a problem for which there was no clear answer.

‘First of all… everyone is in a bad condition right now so let’s keep it.’

Let’s decide tomorrow.

“Sleep well Mundae.”

“yes. “My brother too.”

However even after Ryu Cheong-woo who had a close race with Bae Se-jin until the end fell asleep in his own bed I could not fall asleep quickly.

About an hour passed like that.

“…”

Perhaps it was because I had already taken body pain medication but my consciousness was in a state of random disorder.

‘I knew it would be like this.’

Moreover this pop-up has so much luminescence that you need to wear an eye patch.

In the end I grumbled and got up from my seat.

“after.”

And that was when I came out to the living room with the intention of drinking some water.

“Aren’t you sleeping?”

“…!”

I ran into Cha Yu-jin who was still lying on the living room sofa.

“I slept too much during the day.”

“It’s not that I slept it’s that I’m sick.”

You speak well.

For someone who claimed to be a caregiver all day he looked extremely cheerful even though it was past midnight.

I smiled and got some water from the kitchen.

But why doesn’t that guy go in? Oh is Bae Se-jin uncomfortable?

“Can you change the room?”

“No thanks.”

The guy who answered firmly stretched out and muttered.

[I just… You know when you talk to your friends right? I wanted to stay awake more.]

Are you coming?

“Did you talk to Raebin Kim?”

“Yeaap.”

And the guy said something about not spilling the tea blah blah blah which I thought was American slang.

I guessed that it probably meant that they weren’t talking behind our backs.

“I don’t know much about that slang.”

“Sorry but I think you understand Moondae-nim?”

“With insight and context.”

“Got it.”

Cha Yu-jin responded appropriately laughed and then lay down on the sofa.

It was the most comfortable attitude I have ever seen here.

“…”

I drank some water and thought briefly about it.

Perhaps now is the time?

It was then.

[Hey shall I guess?]

Cha Yu-jin bounced off the sofa and raised her upper body.

[Have you found a way to send me back right away?]

“…!”

[Yeap I knew it.]

Cha Yu-jin grinned and put down the cola she was drinking.

[Now that we have some kind of relationship and everything seems to be going well why are you suddenly worried about me?]

“…”

[The situation has turned upside down. that’s right?]

I can’t even take it out.

“okay.”

I sat across from the sofa. I thought it would be better to give a good explanation rather than agitate the situation.

‘Is it better to keep it open with the secret assumption that it’s okay to complete 30 days if you want?’

That was when I thought about it.

However before she could open her mouth Cha Yu-jin grinned.

“Why are you hesitating?”

“…!”

[Don’t be confused. I am not your team member.]

Cha Yu-jin spoke firmly.

[Oh but I am your KPOP idol. Right?]

And although he added it as a joke I recognized the nuance.

‘I’m telling you not to sympathize unnecessarily.’

I think I want to use Testa’s reputation as a substitute to give this steer Cha Yu-jin more of a stage to perform while receiving cheers.

Or it means that you should not dare to think that you will not be able to give up because you regret it.

There is no way I would want to be treated like that by my fans. That may mean it but…

Well it was really unlucky to do that in the first place.

“okay.”

So I just answered like that.

But I have to say this.

“So it’s true that it was nice to see you on stage after a long time.”

“…”

Steer Cha Yu-jin was silent for a while.

A time past midnight. After there was silence in the living room with only indirect lighting.

“Maybe… we might meet again.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

I didn’t really ask how that was possible.

“I’ll show you an even better stage then.”

“…okay.”

I just affirmed it.

“Great.”

Cha Yu-jin smiled and crossed her arms.

It was an implicit signal.

“Say goodbye.”

“I already did it.”

The guy shrugged his shoulders.

“I’m satisfied because I just did it to my friend and apologized to everyone else. and…”

and?

“I’ll do it to my brother now.”

The guy held out his hand.

That was not a handshake posture.

A high-five or clasp position where the palms are pressed together.

This is for a fan signing event.

“Thank you. “My fan.”

“…”

I also held out my hand.

Hands facing each other rather than diagonally like a handshake.

“thanks. “For showing me a good performance.”

“You’re welcome.”

It was a short high five.

[Do you want to restart ‘For Company Use’?]

“…”

‘okay.’

Pak.

Light exploded from the pop-up.

And the sound of something being renewed the newly constructed sound effects and notifications appeared and sparkled quickly and loudly as if they wanted to attract attention.

But I didn’t do anything foolish by looking in that direction.

Instead I saw them off.

“Bye.”

Cha Yu-jin did not complain of pain but she blinked as if she was slightly dizzy…

I leaned back on the sofa and slowly fell asleep.

Until I finally heard steady breathing.

“…”

I quietly went into his room and took out a blanket without waking Bae Se-jin who was sleeping.

Then after covering the sleeping boy on the sofa I took the bedding from my room and spread it on the living room floor.

“…”

Sleep came very slowly.

* * *

The next morning.

“Hey.”

“…”

I opened my eyes.

And I immediately realized who the owner of the voice was.

‘Cha Yujin.’

…I turned towards the direction where I heard the voice.

Then right next to my head Cha Yu-jin held a large pot with both hands…

for a moment.

‘…pot?’

“…?!”

What is this unexpected situation?

At that moment Cha Yu-jin who was looking at me with wide eyes jumped up and shouted.

“Mundae-hyung is awake!”

“Bar Park Mun-dae!”

“Are you awake?”

Then I heard a frantic call. What is it?

The members who came running in anger as if they were looking for some kind of club started talking gibberish.

“Cha Yu-jin is back!”

okay.

“But… I cooked!”

okay?

“What are you saying…”

“I’m making breakfast.”

Cha Yu-jin ambitiously opened the lid of the pot she was holding and held it firmly to my face.

‘No kinda.’

Anyway this smell and appearance…

‘…chicken stir-fried soup.’

That’s it.

A really hot menu selection for those who had body aches yesterday to eat for breakfast…

No wait a minute.

Even more than that my memory came back and it was a touching greeting and they made a spicy chicken stew and put it on the sleeping guy’s head?

‘I’m confused.’

But Cha Yu-jin was the same.

It was really consistent…

Even the head was bombarded with new information without a break.

“This is my apology and token of gratitude! “A lot has happened so far.”

what?

Wait that means…

“Do you remember?!”

“I have some. Bad Cha Yu-jin enjoyed Water Bomb. “I want to do it one more time.”

“…?!”

“Members eat! Breakfast!”

Bae Se-jin was confused but Cha Yu-jin bravely called everyone to the table.

And the table fell into even more chaos.

“Eujin are you okay? “What do you remember?”

“I’m healthy. “I remember.”

First of all Cha Yu-jin’s condition was confirmed to be completely normal.

As soon as he woke up at dawn the guy who naturally had memories of the past few days said that after thinking carefully he decided to have breakfast.

“Bad Cha Yu-jin is also me so I have to take responsibility. One meal is not enough. So I made it too.”

“Eujin…”

However it seems that steer Cha Yu-jin’s title has completely become ‘Bad’ within him.

And I thought there would be another emotional reunion.

“Cha Yu-jin Cha!”

“Kim Rae-bin is a traitor.”

“…?!”

“I told you my secret!”

“I didn’t tell you!”

“I told you that bad Cha Yu-jin!”

“You just said with your own mouth that we are the same person! “It’s invalid!”

hmm. This is shit.

But then I heard a slightly emotional murmur next to me.

“long time no see…”

“…”

I decided to leave Bae Se-jin who had finally regained my beloved roommate and eat something.

And when I took a bite of the fried chicken soup.

‘hmm?’

“…”

“Why are you doing this Mundae…?”

“no.”

Cha Yu-jin suddenly intervened.

“Hyung Moon Dae isn’t my cooking delicious?”

“No it’s delicious.”

“Hehe.”

okay. It tastes good.

But that’s it.

‘This isn’t just chicken stir-fry.’

It’s chicken soup.

When Cha Yu-jin’s chicken soup on W Live failed it tasted almost the same as when I revived it with braised chicken soup.

Besides that.

‘I don’t think Cha Yu-jin has ever made stir-fried chicken before.’

And the person who made the chicken soup well… was Steer Cha Yu-jin.

“…”

I looked at Cha Yu-jin who was still arguing with Kim Rae-bin.

‘no way.’

Do you have any memories of when you were a steer?
