---
title: "Chapter 484"
category: "book"
index: 483
section: "Chapter 484"
slug: "484"
---

# Chapter 484

Featuring.

Musician usually refers to a case where a guest participates and sings some parts when a singer produces a song.

Usually guests with different attributes from the original singer participate.

That’s why it gives the album a unique fun and strength.

For example a rapper uses a vocalist a male uses a female vocalist or a junior who lacks recognition uses a senior singer for promotional purposes.

But that’s it.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Junior. Are you not interested in featuring?

Could it be that I’m in the VTIC song?

‘…A 1st group male idol should feature another 1st group male idol’s song?’

The Internet version full of verbal violence immediately comes to mind.

It’s going to be a terrible mess.

Of course you can pull it off properly with just aggro but…

‘Why me?’

There’s nothing more to think about about this.

-I’m sorry but we have too many new tasks to take on a new challenge.

I stopped looking at the status window for a moment and immediately sent a reply.

‘I guess he doesn’t really mean to ask me to feature him.’

The intention was to find out what the person’s intention was to send such a text message.

And not long after the smartphone rang again.

The reply that arrived was…

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Really?

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: You must be interested.

“…”

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Don’t you feel better about helping each other rather than getting into debt? It looks good too.

Look at this.

‘Are you telling me not to bring up the fact that you helped me out a few times recently and accumulated debt?’

He was the one who tried to break my head but he certainly paid the price by cooperating and voluntarily paying his taxes.

After that I received crucial help a few times.

‘But it was two-way you bastard.’

How are you making it seem like you were the only one who unilaterally helped me? Plus I got hit on the back of the head a few times.

I started typing the opposite meaning as if I didn’t understand what this guy was saying.

-There is no need to feel like you owe it to me.

But after writing that far I paused for a moment.

‘hmm.’

I don’t think this guy is just trying to scratch me.

It’s a bit infuriating but it’s also quite interesting. I rubbed my chin edited my reply and sent it.

-What kind of song is this?

I may say this with my own mouth but he is a man who knows how to distinguish between right and wrong like water that has been stagnant for decades.

I’m not a bright-eyed idiot who thinks I just want to be with someone because I’m close with them.

What I’m saying is that there’s no way he would ask for my feature on his album. therefore…

‘This must be a connection.’

Who is it? Surely it’s soft and sweet…

Ji-e-ing-

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Of course it’s my song.^^

“…”

Aren’t you crazy? this?

I hit the guy on the phone.

“Senior.”

-Junior.

“Is there anything else you want to explain?”

A small sound of laughter could be heard on the other end of the phone.

-yes.

Thus an impromptu meeting took place.

Although it almost felt like a duel.

* * *

Cheongryeo called me to an outdoor cafe where we had already met once.

‘Did they at least take over?’

No one is wondering if they rented the whole thing so quickly or if it was really a scam.

Instead this time a yellow dog was running excitedly across the grass.

“I guess Kong was excited because it was summer and the grass was growing well.”

“…”

king!

I laid the ball down at my feet and looked at the dog whose tail was wagging violently.

What… you mean to throw it?

‘It’s old.’

As the soft ball crossed the yard in a parabola the dog quickly ran after it.

And then I looked at the human across the road.

“If it’s hot you can go inside.”

“That’s it.”

It was cool because it was still close to dawn.

Without opening my mouth first I crossed my arms and waited for the guy who suggested it to explain himself.

Because that’s the way to go.

And the law was followed.

“Well first of all you know that I’m preparing an album.”

okay.

“You also know that all VTIC members have enlisted right?”

Oh I know.

When I nodded the guy nodded disgustingly.

“I have a song I want to use but there’s a part in the bridge that doesn’t fit the vocal range.”

“…”

“Well given the situation I think your junior is the right person. how is it?”

Are you serious?

“Someone who is on vacation doesn’t have a voice?”

Anyone who sees it will think that Judan is going on strike because he won’t record.

However Cheongryeo did not blink an eye.

“You cannot engage in profitable activities while serving.”

“An exception would be something made before enlistment.”

“It doesn’t apply to recording while on vacation. “I’m in trouble if the word gets out.”

And smiled softly.

“I think you will understand junior.”

“…”

Do you understand?

I understand that it can be difficult if words get out…

‘…ah.’

Damn it.

‘It even got into this guy’s ears.’

I picked up the ice water and drank it. And then he opened his mouth.

“Did it leak from LeTi’s side?”

Cha Yu-jin escapes from her dorm.

This means that Wonderhole’s agency which was preparing a counter-viral campaign against us was involved in a short period of time.

Was the root by any chance LeTi?

‘LeTi invested almost half of its investment in our company.’

In the process it is an environment in which a network of contacts is inevitably created between stakeholders. Of course this means that exchange of personnel occurred.

And the story of Cha Yu-jin’s escape from the dorm may have leaked out there.

But Cheongryeo spoke lightly.

“hmm. ‘It leaked all the way to LeTi’ is the correct expression.”

“…”

“I understand. There must be a lot to worry about now. “It’s difficult to control information right?”

He slightly pulled his upper body forward and leaned his arms on the table.

“If my junior features I’ll tell you where the rat is.”

“…”

“Sounds like a good exchange. how is it?”

hmm.

I put down the glass with only ice left on the table.

“First check.”

“hmm?”

“I need to check whether the information you heard about our company is correct.”

Even LeTi leaked.

Cheongryeo who had been listening quietly spoke the correct answer comfortably without pausing.

“Cha Yu-jin left the dorm.”

“I don’t know why I left.”

“Member conflict after being hospitalized due to stress… There were rumors like that but I don’t know.”

Are you saying you don’t think that way?

However there doesn’t seem to be any doubt about Cha Yu-jin’s escape.

‘It kills my confidence.’

Anyway it’s good. I can see that this guy has a good grasp of the situation.

Then next.

“Why are you using me?”

“…”

“for a moment. Just stop saying that I am the right person for the situation. “If it’s a matter of song quality or promotion I know there are many options other than me.”

Right now if Joo Dan discovers a song late starting with the method of recording before enlistment then male soloists who are good at singing dominate.

‘There’s also a way to fill it with arrangement.’

But why bother using a rival first-team male idol?

“Exactly there is a reason why you should feature me.”

“that’s right.”

“…!”

Cheongryeo clearly affirmed.

And I laughed heartily.

“Do you want to guess?”

Should I kill him?

“Well I guessed right right? I was asking my junior if he could guess it too. “It’s okay if you don’t know.”

You’re given information and I have to guess but I don’t know which part is the same.

‘It seems like you lose when you get angry.’

So I told it like it is.

“I’m not a mind reader so how could I know what you’re thinking?”

“hmm.”

“But you can think about it from my perspective.”

On the contrary.

‘What if I’m Cheongryeo and I have to use Park Moon-dae as a feature?’

How can you benefit from using the same top male idol competitor as a feature?

“What would you do if you had to use me?”

Then you will quickly realize it.

“No matter what you do you lose money. “Because it’s controversial I have to defend it.”

Rumors of fandom division and fighting.

From there a battle of public opinion would arise and feelings would be hurt so a great plan was needed to defend against it.

Time money and manpower to make that plan?

It would be much more profitable to turn it into album promotion.

So what should we do?

“So… it makes me think about whether we can somehow prevent controversy in advance.”

There is only one way.

“If we were the same company there would be no controversy.”

“…!”

That’s right.

Seniors and juniors within the same company are naturally more free to feature.

This means that the scope of conceptual ‘understanding’ by fans is slightly wider.

In other words if Testa’s agency ‘Orbit Stars Entertainment’ is completely an affiliate of LeTi… that is.

If you have come this far you can also infer the reason why this guy suggested it.

Creating an atmosphere.

“By inserting my name into your activities… are you trying to make it clearer that our company follows the LeTi line?”

…but it’s like this.

-??What is it Park Moon-dae?

-Oh it’s from Testa company Leti.

-ㅇㅋㅇㅋ So that’s why I featured it.

-Wow that’s amazing. They said they were close but since they changed companies they can do things like this haha.

Cheongryeo lifted her arm from the table.

And laughed.

“You got it right.”

“…”

“As you may already know LeTi is also investing in the platform business. Kind of like online concert broadcasts and fan social media.”

Cheongnyeo touched her Americano cup and continued speaking.

“And the importance of the platform in this industry… Well you must have felt it too.”

“…”

“So in the long run. “Right now I need to raise the weight of my image a little bit.”

This guy has virtually taken control of his own entertainment company called LeTi.

Therefore they can boldly invest their albums to further increase the company’s business power.

‘For the long-term survival of the group.’

Because you can do whatever you want with the company!

‘Crazy guy.’

“So you want to show off your influence on our company more?”

“hmm? What a show-off. Isn’t this factual? “Half of the investment would not have disappeared junior.”

Cheongryeo stared at me blankly.

“And… if you are a junior you would know.”

what.

“This is not a proposal that unilaterally benefits only LeTi.”

“…”

I took a moment to cool down my thinking circuits.

And then I calmly started calculating again.

‘Testa’s benefit.’

“…Make up for the bad relationship with T1 with LeTi’s platform?”

“I understand.”

Even so it seems obvious that you will be pushed out and kept in check.

Moreover is it still comparable to the platform of a large broadcaster like T1?

‘But in the current situation it’s not a bad thing to show that you’re toeing the line to some extent… ’

I hid my complicated thoughts and answered sharply.

“It’s at the level of rationalization. After all LeTi is clearly the winner.”

“I was worried that people would think that way so I prepared other rewards right?”

…I’m talking about Cha Yu-jin’s escape from the dormitory.

‘hmm.’

I crossed my arms.

I felt like I could hear the scale going back and forth.

It was natural. Because this isn’t a decision based on friendship.

It was then.

Cheongryeo softly opened her mouth again.

“I want to make one thing clear.”

“…”

“I have no intention of doing any harm to Testa. only…”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“Because I plan to do everything I can under the given circumstances.”

“…”

“Your junior is saying the same thing.”

I realized who he was referring to even though he didn’t necessarily mention it.

-ether.

Against that rookie.

“…”

“In that sense strategic partnership.”

Cheongryeo held out his hand.

“how is it.”

“…”

I let out a short sigh.

And asked.

“What is the deadline?”

“this year.”

The answer came back right away.

I held hands on the table and shook hands without any unnecessary effort.

“Of course this is my independent judgment and after we go back and discuss it if it is rejected at the group level it’s over.”

“is it so.”

It seems like you really want to do that.

“And one more thing.”

I corrected my posture.

“Of course you know but featuring in the title song is unreasonable.”

“hmm?”

“No matter what just make it a b-side song or a second sub song.”

“…”

This was a natural and common sense recommendation. Well it would have happened even if I didn’t say anything.

However Cheongryeo paused for a moment and then smiled faintly.

“I think there is a misunderstanding.”

uh?

“I never said that I needed to feature my junior in my solo album. “I said I needed it for the ‘song I wanted to use.’”

“…”

“Don’t worry. “There won’t be any problems for either side.”

“…”

Oh fuck.

Yes I overestimated.

‘That bastard is not the kind of bastard who will lose money on his album… ’

From now on let’s worry about my physical strength while giving at least as much attention to that guy’s career as his fingernails.

After drinking all the melted ice I roughly stroked the back of the dog’s neck. The sound of the dog panting was loud.

The guy across from me opened his mouth again.

“Oh and the rat”

You just happened to be fine.

‘I was going to tell you anyway.’

“There’s no need to tell me that.”

“…?”

“I’ll take care of it.”

I laughed inwardly.

It was because I knew that if I came this far and went with the flow even this guy wouldn’t be able to make a save easily.

“Instead I would like to place another condition.”

I talked about the conditions that became more and more specific as I came to the appointment and talked.

Cheongnyeo who was listening gradually changed her face.

“haha!”

I burst into laughter.

“Youngjae you are really greedy.”

Are you the only one who will do it?

I also shook the head of the dog that took the ball once and then threw the ball back.

“Do you want to cancel?”

“no.”

The guy stopped laughing and nodded.

“is it so. “Let’s do that.”

I thought so.

I ended the conversation with him smoothly like that. And in the summer morning sky…

[brother! Is something wrong? I haven’t been able to contact you at all these days…]

hmm? A pop-up appeared.

‘Ah big moon.’

It’s been a while since I heard from you.

There was a lot of fuss over Cha Yu-jin for a while so I stopped contacting her and she seemed to be worried.

I was already trying to contact you but it just worked out.

After providing some background I briefly declared the current situation.

‘The system upload has already been completed.’

[omg?]

‘Some kind of new pop-up keeps popping up. There is also a survey.’

[…survey?]

Yeah I’m embarrassed too.

‘I’m out for now so I’ll go back and tell you the details… ’

It was then.

“Um junior.”

What is it?

However while he had not yet responded a feminine voice was heard again.

Contains content you could never have imagined.

“A survey?”

“…!!”

what?

I turned my head towards Cheongryeo as if my neck was going to break.

He’s exactly me… no.

I was looking at the empty space in front of my eyes.

Where there is a pop-up window.

“…”

no way.

“Do you see it?”

“yes.”

Cheongryeo raised her hand.

And… I poked the pop-up with my index finger.

“It looks good.”

[Aaaah!]

…like that.

An unwanted status window counselor was added.
