---
title: "Chapter 485"
category: "book"
index: 484
section: "Chapter 485"
slug: "485"
---

# Chapter 485

Cheongryeo sees Keundal’s message pop up.

Ironically the person who is most bewildered by this situation is the person who is not here.

This is the person who launched the pop-up.

[What is this?]

“I made a typo too.”

Cheongryeo clenched her chin as if observing an interesting phenomenon. Big Moon popped up and screamed again.

[Ugh!!]

It’s not even a fuss.

I resisted the urge to press my eyebrows and asked.

“Since when did you see it?”

“Well this is my first time doing this.”

Cheongnyeo didn’t even blink and watched the pop-up crying for a few more seconds.

And then he spoke harshly.

“Is that… I’m using my junior’s previous body?”

“…”

“Ryu Geon-woo.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“It seems like my body changed a while ago and I’d like to hear an explanation.”

“…!?”

This is the incident where Geondal and I switched bodies.

Isn’t that too? for a moment.

“…Did you notice it at the awards ceremony?”

For some reason when I zoomed in with the cannon camera and made eye contact it felt strange.

“that’s right.”

Cheongryeo obediently agreed.

And then he tapped his chin with his finger.

“Well let’s just say that your junior’s… judgment seemed a bit clouded. “Unusually.”

“…”

Are you saying Big Moon looked stupid?

‘Look at how someone who knows the situation chooses words.’

A person who is not in the industry entered the body of an idol so what kind of judgment can he have?

‘after.’

Anyway it just so happened that I was in the mood to explain why I did it that way.

“I had some work to do.”

I gave a reasonable summary of the events of the time related to the system fragments contained in Geoldal.

Cheongnyeo’s reaction to hearing the story was not great.

First of all it would be because all the problems were resolved at a moderate level instead of something crazy like a building collapsing.

…or maybe you already guessed it.

“I see. Oh you also posted the photo you took at that time on the Internet right? “I enjoyed it.”

“…”

How did you know that… Okay.

When I see him smiling and thanking me for taking a good picture I am at a loss for words.

‘Let’s quit.’

A ghost-like guy.

Anyway there is only one reason I can guess why Cheongryeo suddenly looks at the status window.

“I think the fact that you were the GM in the virtual world created by the system had an impact.”

“hmm. “That’s persuasive.”

That’s right.

Cheongryeo has a record of being the GM or game master of a game created by the system.

‘I was able to manipulate the settings window and pause the game.’

Although he got stabbed in the back with it it was an incredible ability that made it possible to take a hit on the system.

‘If the power of that role returned to some extent when I restarted this system… it would make sense.’

Well then.

I have something to test.

“…”

Without saying a word I called up a status window pop-up in the air.

[New! Update completion reward]

[New! [New features open]

[New! Survey]

…

To a different location than the Big Moon pop-up.

[brother…?]

I didn’t react on purpose.

Then the woman in front of me opened her mouth.

“I think I’m calling my junior.”

“uh. “I’m sending a message not to panic.”

That’s how I confirmed it.

‘Cheongnyeo strictly reacted only to the big moon’s pop-up.’

then.

‘Isn’t the status window next to it visible?’

I once again confirmed his attitude and pretended not to be.

Pupil facial expression gesture…

‘…It’s natural.’

Of course he is someone who has successfully worked in a profession that requires extreme facial expression management for decades.

There is absolutely no chance that it is a fake but…

I uncrossed my arms.

‘This is beyond this level.’

What if you can really see it but you’re so determined to hide it just because you want to fuck me?

No I didn’t pretend to be that bastard.

‘Now there is that level of trust.’

I concluded that.

However the problem is that Cheongryeo’s analysis has only just begun.

He scanned the surface of the glass where water droplets had formed due to the cold.

“Well then junior what you call a ‘system’…doesn’t mean it has completely disappeared but rather it has entered several bodies.”

“…”

“No matter how much it is a trophy you absorb it and use it. “Don’t you think that you are doing something that is too risky?”

The guy looked up from the glass and made eye contact with me.

Apply the system to your company?

-What should I do if I want to ‘restart’?

“…”

It was as if those eyes were saying that.

It was a confidence that only those who had acquired it through countless repeated experiences and established a thinking structure could have.

If you use it you will definitely become addicted.

‘It seems like fanaticism.’

Even though it was summer a strange feeling that made me shiver ran up my spine.

So much so that I doubted my judgment in deciding to make good use of the system that had changed to my belongings.

‘…Fuck you.’

I swallowed a sigh.

“I wrote it to lose T1 and become independent. “I don’t want to use it anymore.”

“I see.”

Cheongnyeo shrugged her shoulders as if to do whatever she wanted but then casually said the following.

“I want to check.”

what?

“Status window?”

“yes.”

Then as if to pique my ears another pop-up suddenly appears.

[Do you want to designate ‘GM ‘ as the System Administrator?]

Are you crazy?

This guy doesn’t even know where to go.

‘Get out.’

Are you talking about disclosing internal information to competitors? I immediately cleared the status window.

And I barely opened my mouth.

“The status window has now been called.”

“is it so? “I can’t see it either.”

“uh.”

With that the conversation ended.

But I actually felt uneasy. Because I learned something new after meeting this guy.

‘Actually I said I would get rid of the company’s system… ’

Damn it’s not like there isn’t something that bothers me.

I thought of this while looking at Cheongnyeo.

The pop-up that appeared the last time I ran into Heeseung Kwon.

-Check the owner of the ‘■■■ Fragment’!

“…”

‘Fragments of ■■■’ may be fragments of the system.

And just as it was with Kwon Hee-seung there is a very high probability that this guy who has experienced the same system also has some of that fragmented system in it.

So it’s a problem.

‘I could only absorb more of this fragment if I raised my company level.’

If we were to substitute this it would mean something like this.

-If I terminate this system of course there will be no level of company operated by the system.

-Then the ‘fragments of ███ that are in Cheongnyeo will not be recovered.

…This means that this guy will face mission failure without a status window.

Since I’m an experienced person I can’t roughly say that it’ll be okay.

‘I don’t know how many times this bastard restarted during that experience.’

Moreover if you make a mistake and the reset syndrome occurs again there is nothing more terrible than that.

‘No if you say something stupid a spark could fly in me and I could die.’

Besides… didn’t that guy give me crucial help in escaping once when I was hit with an abnormal condition?

In a building collapse.

“…”

‘Are you coming?’

Yes in my conscience I have to draw a line.

I came to a conclusion.

‘The company system will remain as is.’

But we can’t just suddenly get hit like we did last time.

‘At the very least we need to understand the reason and principle of updates that occur in fragments.’

-Why did my self from the time before I became Park Mun-dae suddenly appear?

-And why did it have to be Cha Yu-jin?

Effect and target. to that extent

‘We must make sufficient preparations and minimize variables.’

After that we need to create a stable structure to recover the fragments without causing mission failure to this guy.

However refrain from using the system itself carelessly.

Let’s just watch without touching it.

‘At least until Geoldal completes the analysis.’

The quiet pop-up sparkled again.

[I will do my best…!]

thanks.

‘I’ll take care of your daily wages.’

[Brother… But I don’t have much money now…]

“…”

[Sorry. No this is all made by my brother so feel free to use it…]

It’s okay.

We reached a dramatic conclusion with a pop-up concert invitation.

For reference Cheongryeo looks at the pop-up next to me with interest and asks a few questions and only then a little later does he ask about my current situation.

Anyway it’s a work story.

“Ah I heard that your junior group is filming a reality entertainment program this time.”

Did that leak too?

“Hmm but the director who originally worked with you… must have been from a studio under T1.”

“uh.”

The entertainment production crew who did everything from the hotteok selling travelogue to that family’s grandson’s carrot coin are all caught up in T1.

So it was very difficult.

Cheongryeo smiles and speaks softly.

“Can I introduce you to someone nice?”

oh.

I was planning to eat this bastard.

“The recruitment has already been completed.”

Be satisfied with a paid platform for behind-the-scenes content you idiot.

Because the person we recruited was…

* * *

“…hello.”

“Wow hello writer!”

The main writer in charge of Testa’s reality show is sitting across from Testa who greets her energetically.

Big Sejin smiled and offered to shake hands.

“It’s been a while since I saw you!”

“Oh yeah.”

Ryu Seo-rin.

This is the same person who wrote &lt;Azusa&gt;.

In addition I am related by blood to Ryu Seo-jin my college senior and twin homemate… but I will think about this later.

Anyway this guy is one of the most important production crew members recruited for this Testa reality show.

And there are two very simple reasons.

first.

“It’s nice to be able to work with the author again like this.”

“…Oh that’s right.”

This is because they were also defeated by T1.

Why did this person who was a contributor to the &lt;Azusa&gt; series get kicked out?

‘That’s because all of us who debuted there became independent and flew together.’

Of course it seems that there was a complex battle over lines in the broadcasting industry linked to the political world.

And the sub-writer who was a freelancer got caught up in the fierce internal political battle and lost half of his bread.

‘Of course I think it would have been possible for him to stubbornly stick to that guy’s personality.’

I don’t think it’s necessary.

Because there was no need for that.

After collaborating with Netplus a few times and becoming a hit it seemed like he had built up connections there and turned his career there.

For reference we also participated in the first work.

That… the hellish KPOP camp.

“How many years has it been since then?”

“It’s been quite a while. “I was grateful then.”

Ryu Seolin nodded. He even gave lip service saying that it went well thanks to the testers.

Of course that’s not why I work with that person.

The second reason is…

“So… about this reality show.”

Good job.

Whether it was sacrificing the contestants and dedicating them to the viewers or creating a narrative point to increase the emotion of 1 to 10 he was a writer who was good at creating entertainment.

I also had a good eye for people.

In other words there is no one better suited for Testa to partner with.

“You don’t want the cute reality programs that idols usually produce right?”

If that’s the case it seems like you should look elsewhere.

Liu Chengyu nodded at once.

“yes. “For our existing reality programs we have tried to make it fun even if it requires more effort and time.”

“Of course.”

Ryu Seolin answered without hesitation.

“Then let’s go for a selection similar to that PD’s style right? “I also know some of the writers there.”

I could feel the confidence in Ryu Seo-jin’s soft-spoken voice.

‘also.’

It will give off the right atmosphere without being clumsy.

It’s an atmosphere where you can happily make fun of the cast and cheat them.

Moreover since we have already selected the PD’s production team and entertainment show several times there is a high probability that the public will be lenient thinking that this is Testa’s style.

but.

“no.”

“hmm?”

Still I don’t think I can avoid saying that it’s an imitation.

‘This is not Ryu Seo-rin’s specialty.’

Of course the originality will be lower than that crazy crew so there is no need to risk that.

So that is.

“Please do what you normally do.”

“…!”

Everyone just needs to do what they do best.

Ryu Seolin narrowed her eyes and asked with a ‘no way’ attitude.

“Well if that’s what I was originally doing…”

“yes.”

“…”

Isn’t there a representative example we all know?

That’s how this testa reality goes.

“Like &lt;Azusa&gt;.”

Soon Ryu Seo-jin looked like he was saying something crazy.

However investors always have a strong say.

A few days later.

Testa’s reality filming began as planned.

* * *

I opened my eyes.

What you see is a familiar ceiling.

This is my room… in the lodging I’ve been staying at for several years.

“…”

At first glance it sounds natural.

Isn’t it very normal to see a familiar ceiling when you open your closed eyes?

And there is one more premise here.

‘Testa has moved.’

In other words this was not Testa’s current lodgings.

A space that resembles the accommodation before moving.

“what.”

I got up.

There was something on my stomach in a dark room.

“…?”

It’s a yellow file.

I squinted my eyes for a sneak peek and deliberately read the cover of the folder out loud so it would be captured on camera.

“Your profile file.”

And unfolded it.

[Your occupation is a doctor.]

And below that descriptions and features were written.

hmm.

‘It’s like this.’

In fact Testa deliberately did not listen to a detailed briefing on the detailed settings within the program.

It’s for reality.

I just know the format and purpose.

“What is it used for?”

I got out of bed speaking steadily.

In my head I was rewinding the line I had said at the group meeting when I was recruiting Ryu Seo-rin.

-We already know because we are experienced.

Testa’s concept for this reality program.

-The writer said survival is fun.

It is death survival.
