---
title: "Chapter 486"
category: "book"
index: 485
section: "Chapter 486"
slug: "486"
---

# Chapter 486

After acquiring all the information in the ‘profile’ file assigned to me.

I opened my door and came out of the dark ‘Testa’s former accommodation’.

‘The door was locked.’

There was some resistance in my hands. I held the doorknob with a little force and pushed it gently.

Sreuk.

“Who are you?”

“All of it.”

“Park Moon-dae!”

A few guys were already in the living room and they were happy to see me.

It was dark but the physique and face were visible.

Raebin Kim and Sejin Bae.

It seemed like the two of them had been sitting huddled together on the floor instead of the sofa and then got up quickly.

hmm.

“Did everyone wake up in their own rooms?”

“Yes it is.”

Raebin Kim nodded saying that he was the first to come out. And Bae Se-jin hit the point.

“How on earth did you do this? “It’s the same as our previous accommodation!”

I wasn’t just talking about structure.

Thanks to the reverse takeover of our old company T1 Stars we were able to hear that the lease contract for the previous accommodation was still in effect.

‘The accommodation can be used for reality filming now.’

But that’s probably not why he was surprised.

I looked around and checked the plaster air freshener in front of the turned off TV.

Flower wreath shape.

It looks very similar to the one that Sun Ah-hyun displayed in her previous dorm and brought it back to her current dorm.

“I see. “The items are almost identical.”

In other words the props from Testa’s time were almost identically reproduced.

Besides that.

“But maybe because the lights don’t come on it feels a bit gloomy…”

“…I know.”

The light switch didn’t work. The only things that work are a few hallways and indirect lights at the end of the ceiling.

“…”

The more imaginative a person is the more uncomfortable the environment becomes.

A eerie atmosphere as if something could happen at any moment.

‘hmm.’

Now that I think about it I couldn’t even see the faces of those who were particularly strong in this area.

Guys like Ryu Cheong-woo and Sun A-hyeon.

‘…! for a moment.’

I looked at the other guys’ faces again and asked.

“Did you happen to have a roommate in the room?”

“ah.”

Then the other guys seemed to notice something as well.

“So you were all alone in the room?”

“yes! “For now I am.”

That’s right.

There are three of us all sharing separate rooms.

Kim Rae-bin is Sun Ah-hyun.

Bae Se-jin is Cha Yu-jin.

I am Liu Chengwu.

So each person does not have their own roommate.

‘If this is the case… is it just one person from each room?’

Then you can guess like this.

So to speak these three became the ‘house team’.

Of course since it’s a group reality show we can’t keep filming just by ourselves and we’ll probably be in contact with the other guys anyway in the future.

However if the teams are divided like that there is only one room left.

‘cell.’

Bae Se-jin clenched his fists as if he realized the same thing.

“Oh yes! “Then let’s look for Lee Se-jin because he is alone…!”

“yes.”

However when I approached and carefully touched Lee Se-jin’s cell door it was locked.

“…”

I couldn’t hear any noise in the dark accommodation…

“…He’s inside but he’s being quiet on purpose to scare us isn’t he?”

“There is a possibility.”

Isn’t this a guy who knows entertainment?

However there was no way Big Sejin suddenly opened the door and came out.

It was dead quiet for at least three minutes.

“…”

“…”

At this point the problem of audio being blank occurs.

There’s no way a guy who’s so good at timing would be stuck in a room for this long and deviate from the main story.

I guess I can just see it as a door that can’t be opened right now.

“I don’t think there is one.”

“Are you saying you have no intention of coming out even if you do?”

That’s unknown.

“Hmm.”

Bae Se-jin and I felt a strange feeling as we looked at the tightly closed cell.

It was then.

“There’s something down here.”

“…!”

Raebin Kim bowed. And then I picked up something that was half sticking out from under the door.

It was a white piece of paper with writing on it.

‘Directive?’

There was only one sentence.

-I open at the end.

It was meaningful.

“It looks like an escape room hint.”

“I know.”

We looked at the paper with serious faces.

The cool air hit the back of my neck perhaps because it was cooled by an air conditioner at the end of a hallway where even indirect lighting didn’t reach well.

‘You set the mood right.’

Please at least give me a flashlight.

The atmosphere was so eerie that it wouldn’t be surprising if it turned into a full-blown survival game with zombies popping out of nowhere.

‘It’s a possibility.’

I nodded.

Of course before that let’s proceed with the part that the production team has asked us to do first.

-Please introduce the editing point to the viewers.

“Shall we sit down first and talk about us?”

“okay.”

This is the self-introduction part.

* * *

“First of all I am a ‘doctor.’”

“oh.”

“You have a job worthy of your Mundae brother!”

Kim Rae-bin was impressed as if someone had chosen it for her.

‘No we all drew lots before being sent here.’

I don’t know but I’m sure they distributed the folders using that. Maybe the team could have been divided as well.

But I decided to leave it as a behind-the-scenes fun to the viewers and nodded.

“Thank you for your kind words. Well then Sejin hyung…”

“Oh I’m… a ‘lawyer.’”

“…”

“What?”

“no.”

At this point I thought ‘Wouldn’t that guy be better suited to be a prosecutor?’ I think my interview will be included as well.

And everyone will agree.

“But speaking of being a lawyer it seems like you have been given a mission to deceive people…”

“What are you talking about! no!”

Bae Se-jin was furious.

Oh what is the mission?

-Job mission

\: Must be performed before the first game ends.

This is it.

When I looked at my profile file it was written down.

It will probably be different for each job. I nodded remembering mine.

“All right. “Hyung I’ll be suspicious for now.”

“Usually you say you believe first…!”

“I’m not normal.”

“…?!”

By playing a skit we lighten the mood a bit and give it a bit of a survival feel.

As we shout at each other the awkwardness that is typical of entertainment show intros is definitely gone.

“Then what about Ravin?”

“I am a ‘journalist.’ i look forward to.”

“okay.”

Lastly it was after hearing about Kim Rae-bin’s occupation which was strangely suitable and not at all suitable.

“Then… shall we walk around here some more?”

“Of course. “I think we need to find a way out.”

This was designed to be an escape room.

The full-length window next to the living room which was supposed to lead to the veranda was blocked by a thin temporary wall.

Anyone can see that it was aimed at a secret room.

And the crucial fact.

Bae Se-jin who was approaching the front door reached out to open the translucent middle door installed in front of the front door.

Rattling.

But it didn’t open.

“…the middle door is also locked.”

also.

The keypad I made in my previous accommodation for double security just in case is holding the middle door tightly.

“It looks like there’s no power here either.”

“after.”

After checking that again the search resumed.

“Seeing things scattered is…”

“I think it would be better if we all move together in case something goes wrong!”

“okay!”

“…”

Well if that’s the case.

The three of us started moving slowly as a group and enjoying the ‘escape room content.’

Search each room collect hints that lead to the kitchen and eventually reach the locked bathroom door.

“If you substitute the numbers in the order of the colors of the rainbow…”

“2724! “That’s it!”

“That’s great!”

But literally these guys are enjoying it more than they thought?

Once we got used to the darkness the atmosphere became just an ordinary escape room cafe.

There weren’t any particularly scary elements.

Zombies or at least spooky BGM don’t appear out of nowhere.

‘This is a bit boring.’

I’m sure the writer Ryu Seo-rin didn’t do anything to hide his abilities.

‘I look forward to a reversal.’

I worked hard to solve the hints with the guys roughly anticipating a warm and quick editing point.

And soon he even took off the lock hanging in the bathroom.

“2724… That’s right.”

“Oh!”

“With this we can at least maintain our dignity…”

widely.

And it was the moment I opened the bathroom door.

A light came on inside.

“Huh?”

“Oh I guess the electricity came on!”

The fluorescent lights were dazzling for a moment. And with natural human instinct everyone walked into the newly opened bright bathroom.

‘hmm.’

I immediately checked inside.

This place is almost exactly like the previous accommodation but there is just one thing that creates a sense of discomfort.

A black rectangular portable device that sits right above the sink.

“wireless set?”

“Why is there a walkie-talkie in the dorm?”

“…”

no way.

I immediately walked over to the sink and picked up the radio.

…There’s a battery!

‘It works.’

I immediately pressed the button and spoke.

“Can you hear me?”

[…]

“Brother Chungwoo? “Ahyeon?”

“…Lee Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin!”

But it was quiet beyond the radio.

I shook my head and lowered my hand.

“There was no response… I wondered if this was a way to communicate with other members.”

“iced coffee…”

“Maybe your brothers or Cha Yu-jin haven’t discovered it yet.”

“That might be possible. Um… can I take a look at the walkie-talkie over there for a moment?”

“sure.”

It was time to exchange our own reasoning.

Blink.

“…?”

“I just did.”

Blink blink.

“…”

This time it’s definitely not an optical illusion.

I raised my head and looked at the ceiling.

‘The bathroom etc… ’

It blinked twice in succession.

‘And usually this kind of production is… ’

Oh damn.

“Park Moon-dae?”

I grabbed the two men by their necks and took a step back.

and

Blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink –

“Aaaah!”

“Wow!”

I immediately ran out of the bathroom pushing the two screaming guys away.

Blinking rapidly before my eyes.

And then there’s something like a shadow behind my back… damn it!

‘There’s someone!’

As soon as I managed to get out of the bathroom door I stretched my hand back.

bang!!

“Huh!”

I slammed the bathroom door and locked it.

“What is it??”

“It feels weird!”

Anyone who saw this could have seen a ghost or zombie popping out of a corner cabinet!

“Has anyone seen it?”

“Because I didn’t look back…”

“…me too.”

after.

I looked at the bathroom door which was as quiet as a lie and somehow I held back a sigh and felt relieved.

‘I didn’t get caught.’

It would be better to increase the number of bathrooms and then go again.

‘…I think I might have been caught on camera looking like a bit of a scaremonger right now.’

Bae Se-jin tapped my shoulder as if comforting me. I’m kind of pissed off.

“I took that radio.”

That was good. The national rule is that the person who caught it last should take care of it and not drop it.

“That’s amazing! Oh the living room switch seems to work now!”

Meanwhile Raebin Kim quickly applied the bathroom situation and found out that other lights had now returned to the house.

‘Then is it possible to use electricity in the same way?’

I got up.

“What about the Chinese keypad?”

“…! yes! “The light is on!”

Raebin Kim waved his hand. I caught my breath.

‘…okay.’

The middle gate seems to be slowly opening now.

‘I wonder if this will cover the first part or so.’

And that was when he immediately took steps towards the middle gate.

“…that’s Park Moon-dae.”

Bae Se-jin lowered his voice so that Kim Rae-bin could not hear.

“yes.”

“I’m talking about this… there’s something like blood underneath.”

“…!!”

I paid attention to the upside-down bottom of the radio he was holding out.

Then something clearly dark red and sticky appeared.

‘…Is it a slight angle?’

Are you really a zombie?

While I was predicting the haunting location by looking at the angle of the camera Bae Se-jin whispered softly.

“I think Ravin will be scared… so let’s not talk about it.”

hmm?

“…Um yeah.”

When I nodded Bae Se-jin nodded then firmly held the radio and headed forward.

And I thought.

‘…Should I retrieve the radio?’

That guy just looked a little unnatural.

Are you saying Raebin Kim will be scared?

Kim Rae-bin said ‘…? ‘Why do you think I’d be scared when it’s just fake blood made on a variety show anyway?’ This guy will react the same way.

Because he is a rather wild guy.

‘He’s the kind of guy who even catches chickens with his own hands.’

Maybe it’s because I grew up in a farming family but I have a particularly good stomach.

And Bae Se-jin probably doesn’t know that.

‘Well we can just say that he was embarrassed and was trying to protect the younger person as the oldest person.’

But there is one more thing that bothers me.

‘Bae Se-jin’s job.’

A lawyer.

Being a lawyer… is ultimately a profession that represents suspects in criminal law.

And there is a possibility that the suspect is the criminal.

‘What if we paid attention to that characteristic in the game?’

What is the probability that Bae Se-jin received a mission to protect or troll some kind of troller?

‘…Keep it for now.’

I decided to pay attention to ‘lawyer’ Bae Se-jin.

Well it’s an entertainment show anyway so there’s no need to win but… like the carrot coin thief in &lt;That House’s Grandson&gt; getting stabbed one-sidedly is no longer a thing.

And I quickly pretended not to know and joined Jungmun.

Bae Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin were reading the phrase ‘the number does not match’ with serious faces.

“The Chinese number… doesn’t fit.”

I guess so. For security reasons the original password for Testa’s accommodation would not have been used.

‘But isn’t it a bit loose to look for the number again?’

After thinking briefly I answered.

“How about 0000?”

“ah.”

It’s the default number.

and.

Tiriririk-

“oh!”

“That’s it!”

Finally the middle door opened.

Beyond that was the front door.

‘Start checking ahead.’

It was then.

[…brother!]

[…Listen~!]

“…!!”

“Me members?”

A shouting sound is heard from the other side of the entrance.

“I guess he was waiting on the other side!”

“That’s right!”

‘As expected I’m joining.’

We quickly approached the front door. The voice got louder.

[…Got it! Take it out…!]

It seems like they are saying they will just take it out. I nodded and moved my feet.

That moment.

The front door started to glow.

“…!!”

“What is it?”

The two guys jumped up.

It’s good to react quickly based on your bathroom experience.

“are you okay.”

I lifted my hand and put it on the door.

Sigh.

Then a layer of wrapping paper is gently peeled off from the edge as if peeling a sticker from paper.

It is coated paper.

“Is it a cover…?”

“huh.”

The outline of the paper cover which was difficult to see because it was dark was seen by the light coming from behind.

And the identity of light is…

“panel?”

It is a pad similar to a smartphone screen or monitor screen.

“Huh.”

“Is it okay to install something like this on the normal door of that home?”

A panicked sound was heard from the other side as well. Something must have happened there too.

It was that moment.

Beep.

[Welcome to the Lamb Game!]

“evil!!”

Light burst out from the screen attached to the front door and a sentence appeared along with a sound effect.

Very loud.

Raebin Kim is covering her mouth and looking at the screen as if her eyes are about to pop out.

“What is it?”

“Let’s step back a little.”

Shasasak.

The three of us took three steps out of the door in unison.

And at the same time the screen became colorful.

[First game]

-Choose an offering

“…!!”

-Sacrifice one job to open the front door.

Until result announcement\: 3 hours.

what?

* * *

Internet.

That’s when Testa started filming.

An unexpected post was posted on the account of their company ‘Orbit Stars’.

[Please select a character to be sacrificed. (link)]

-??

-what’s this

There were many people who suspected it was hacking but there are pioneers everywhere.

When curious people click a list appears with a vague black silhouette.

————

1. doctor

2. Sheriff

3. Detective

4. scholar

5. Undertaker

6. Lawyer

7. Clown

————

It was a public vote for the scapegoat.

It was the moment when the true meaning of survival entertainment began.
