---
title: "Chapter 487"
category: "book"
index: 486
section: "Chapter 487"
slug: "487"
---

# Chapter 487

Testa was locked in the dorm before moving.

And… I finally opened the middle door and reached the front door where a panel flashed.

-Sacrifice one job to open the front door.

I knew it the moment I read it.

This is where the dropout comes out.

‘Is this a form of survival?’

So are you saying we should vote among ourselves to choose a job?

It is so stimulating that it thrills the brain. I nodded and raised Ryu Se-rin’s evaluation again.

‘Wait a minute but if you vote like this… ’

You don’t know who has what job and it’s impossible to communicate with the other party.

Are we going to vote in such a boring way without the entertainment stimulation of directly talking to each other tricking each other and making people laugh?

‘That can’t be possible… ’

ah!

I turned around and shouted.

“brother!”

“…! why?”

“A walkie-talkie!”

And I shouted out the front door.

So that I can hear you on the other side.

“Did you find the radio? wireless set!”

[Radio… is it a gun?… basin?!]

[…uh!]

I could faintly hear the sound of rapid movement from beyond.

“…! Are you using a walkie-talkie now? “Can I just click here and talk?!”

“If you press the button instead of yes you won’t hear a response so keep it short!”

“okay!”

Bae Se-jin picked up the walkie-talkie and started shouting.

‘If you’re lucky you might be able to hear the communication from over there and find the location of the radio… ’

So are you asking us to communicate via walkie-talkie from here and discuss which occupation to sacrifice?

It was a moment to think about it.

Suddenly the front door panel was updated.

[☜☞]

[Sacrifice selection completed!]

what?

“Huh?”

“Hyung Moon Dae? “Have you made a choice?”

“That can’t be possible.”

But before I could say my next words… the door opened.

Sweet.

“…!!”

The front door was open.

And what you see in front of you are guys who are catching their breath as if they just ran in with a walkie-talkie.

There were four other testa members.

The guys’ eyes widened.

“Guys!”

“Mundaemun University! Ravine! older brother!”

“I’m glad everyone…!”

At that moment everyone forgets about the game and nothing else and begins to gather together like a flock of penguins in joy.

It was a mess like being shipwrecked and then meeting family.

“brother! “We’re here to save you!”

“okay.”

I roughly accepted Cha Yu-jin’s hug and counted the heads again.

‘There are seven of us.’

okay. As expected as the number of pages increases a sense of stability arises.

But that’s it.

‘Why is the door open?’

Is this the most likely one?

“Could it be that you chose the profession that will become the sacrifice?”

“Nooope! “The door suddenly opened!”

“…!”

Liu Chengwu also shook his head resolutely.

“I thought you picked it. Since we are a team stuck in a dorm I thought we had no choice…”

what?

“What are you talking about? “We were locked in our dorm!”

“…? Sejin what…”

no way.

Only then did I penetrate the gap between the four people. With that open view I looked at the other side of the front door.

And I was shocked.

‘crazy.’

On the other side… the other side was also a lodging!

“Just outside the front door…”

“Wh is this also a dormitory…?”

The guys who noticed started to turn their heads in confusion towards the front door.

“Holy moly! “There’s a living room!”

“Wow~ I’m crazy really!”

Before we knew it Cha Yu-jin and Eun Se-jin were running to the living room where we escaped and screaming.

And I also stepped through the middle gate on the other side.

“…”

“I’m really the same…”

oh.

‘So you’re saying they tried to escape over there too?’

Although each party misunderstood the other as an outside team in reality they were each team from Dormitory A and Dormitory B.

‘What on earth is here?’

Is it a set?

No it’s impossible unless you’re on a set.

It wasn’t just the props that were decorated like the previous lodgings it was the house itself.

“her.”

I got stabbed in the back. I grinned and looked around again.

I know for sure there will be a way to escape in the end. Because then there will be catharsis.

However the entrance itself was fake and was structured to face each other like a mirror. It is a wonderful double secret room that further immerses you in fear and tension.

‘Then what is the escape route?’

No before that.

I turned my head. The members flinched.

“First of all… then neither team touched or did anything on that panel.”

“okay.”

I reached out and pointed to the panel. Toward the sentences that are still floating well.

[Sacrifice selection completed!]

“Then why did it say ‘selection completed’?”

“…”

Big Sejin frowned as if thinking deeply and crossed his arms.

“Aren’t you on a job mission?”

“…!!”

“Why is it possible that one of your occupations has a role in selecting sacrifices? Um what if you think of board games?”

That makes sense.

It was a sharp thought.

“Then let’s ask everyone about their jobs first.”

“Ah about that…”

It was at that time that Big Sejin was about to answer something.

[Participants.]

“Ugh!”

“What the…”

A modulated mechanical sound was heard.

Voices were now starting to come out of the front door panel.

‘It has a lot of features.’

We rushed over and stood in front of the panel.

Then the panel screen changes and a new sentence is transmitted.

[The sacrifice job has been decided.]

[The sign of fate has now fallen.]

White letters on the black screen flashed ominously.

“It’s already over…?”

“How does this work?”

The air became cool with confusion and tension.

But I was nervous in another way too.

Hey it’s clear that the game time limit is 3 hours.

‘Then what should I do for the remaining three hours?’

Doesn’t that destroy the tension?

It was then.

Sweet.

The wall next to the entrance opened. And then something poured out.

“…!”

“Wow!”

I checked the items while a few guys were making a fuss.

‘card?’

There were a total of 7 cards that looked like poker cards at first glance.

And each person’s name was written on the back.

“what?”

“Is this a QR code?”

“wait for a sec.”

I slapped the other guys.

The panel’s text isn’t over yet.

[Among the 7 cards there is a card belonging to a participant whose occupation was chosen as a sacrifice.]

An image of 7 cards being turned over appears on the screen and soon one is enlarged and a red mark is attached.

Sheep skull.

[That is the token of sacrifice.]

“…”

It’s serious.

[You can exchange this ‘token card’ for 3 hours.]

[And at the end of the game the character with the ‘Sacrifice’ token card becomes the final sacrifice.]

On the screen the cards are turned over and spin around like wild rocks and then turn over one after another to reveal their backs.

And then a card with a red sheep skull symbol on it blinked…

[Pow!]

It exploded.

[02\:59\:59]

All that’s left is a black screen. Just a blinking white countdown at the bottom.

“…”

I immediately looked at my card again.

Likewise it was a card with a poker pattern and name on one side and a QR code on the other side.

I asked tapping the stopped panel.

“How do I exchange it?”

There was no other narration.

Just a new phrase appeared on the black screen.

[Please show the QR code.]

hmm.

I turned the top of the card toward the QR code and looked next to the front door panel.

‘Are we scanning here?’

“Mundaemun University?”

“for a moment.”

I scanned the QR on the card while stopping several scared guys from grabbing my shoulders.

‘What if it’s like this?’

The screen changed again.

[Required currency\: 1 gold]

“…”

Gold?

“I don’t think this is something that can just be exchanged?”

“yes.”

It seems like it costs money.

‘It’s also heartbreaking to keep exchanging things recklessly.’

And at that moment Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“I know!”

“…!”

“Wait a second!”

And then the guy ran quickly kicked down the door of his bathroom and took something out.

“This is gold!”

It was gold with a QR code attached.

“…!!”

“Wow where have you been?”

“It’s under the shelf.”

“Eujin you’re really amazing…!”

The members gathered together and began to express their admiration for Cha Yu-jin’s vision. Your mouth will be torn apart you bastard.

And then a decisive statement comes out.

“Hmm there must be more hidden in these two dorms right?”

“I guess so?”

then.

I immediately took off the QR card I was scanning.

“Then let’s look for gold first.”

And so the treasure hunt began.

“Mundaemundae~ Didn’t you miss our members so much?”

“Oh I did.”

Big Se-jin who was excited to see them was next to them and eagerly told them about what they had experienced.

I was silently turning over the living room where these guys escaped(?).

“Ah but I don’t know if there are more here. “In fact we almost completely replaced it.”

Yes looking at the underside of the sofa in the living room it was clearly visible that they had been thoroughly searched.

I shook my hands and stood up.

Now that I think about it there was something I wanted to say to this guy.

“I mean what you were trying to say earlier.”

“huh?”

“Didn’t you guys talk about jobs?”

This is the job of these guys.

‘Even when I’m talking about what I experienced I can’t even mention it.’

Then Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Uhm~ Anyway that’s what I was trying to say earlier. “We were so busy exploring that we couldn’t even talk about jobs?”

“…”

Hmm you?

‘You didn’t do it intentionally?’

The guy who is the best at entertainment said he did the introduction part that the writer had even requested separately.

But as if he had read my mind Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“I thought the picture would be better when we were all together like this… but now that I look at it I think I’m lying don’t you?”

“maybe.”

Anyone who finds something embarrassing in their job will tell lies of their own accord. I nodded and agreed.

‘…This is another bastard’s idea.’

This type of game makes it difficult to completely trust anyone. I just internally shrugged my shoulders and ended the conversation with the guy.

And I was on my way to the kitchen.

“…Park Moon-dae.”

Bae Se-jin suddenly approached and spoke in a very low voice.

“You didn’t get a really weird job did you? Are you sure?”

“yes.”

That’s not unusual.

But that’s it.

“But wouldn’t someone who got a strange job also respond this way?”

“But… you scanned the card right there earlier. “I think people who tried to hide their jobs couldn’t do that because they were anxious.”

“…”

Is it sharp?

“And since you’re good at these things I’m just going to bet on you.”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva and said.

“My job is ‘lawyer.’”

okay.

“I have special abilities.”

“…which?”

“…’I can understand the circumstances of other jobs.’”

“…!”

“It said so… so I knew what the job was.”

Bae Se-jin lowered his voice further.

“Ravin said you were a reporter right?”

“yes.”

The guy swallowed.

“There are no reporters…!”

“…!”

“There is no such thing as a job as a reporter!”

It was an unexpected blow to the back of my head.

I immediately reviewed Kim Rae-bin’s attitude up until now. However there was no particular awkwardness characteristic of a person pricked by conscience.

‘Raebin Kim is that good at lying?’

Is that possible no matter how much you have trained yourself through past entertainment?

‘There are some suspicions about Bae Se-jin.’

However without showing it I opened my eyes wide as if I was surprised and then made a sad expression. It was as if my ears were piqued.

Bae Se-jin also had a solemn expression.

“Brother can you tell me a job you know? “I’m trying to get Ravin to come up with a real job candidate.”

“okay. But before that… I also want to hear about your abilities.”

You know how to negotiate quite well.

I nodded immediately. What I revealed while Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva was…

“My abilities were a question mark.”

“…?”

No it’s not a joke.

[Special abilities]

-?? (Published in progress)

It was written like this on the profile.

“I think I probably didn’t tell you because it would be a spoiler in the course of the game.”

“ah.”

Of course if I end here I won’t be able to gain your trust.

I even added my guess.

“If this is a type of mafia game the doctor’s role is usually to defend the victim.”

“…!”

“So I think they will let you know when someone will be sacrificed.”

“…That makes sense.”

yes.

In any case I was able to get a list of occupations explained by Bae Se-jin to see if I had lost trust.

‘A doctor a sheriff a detective a scholar an undertaker a lawyer… and a clown.’

These are modern and contemporary professions.

Anyway it was very plausible and useful information.

‘It’s a benefit.’

If it’s true. I happily bowed my head and said my thanks and Bae Se-jin looked a little proud.

“But if it’s like this the meaning of what you said about trusting me isn’t enough… I guess I’ll try to recruit one more trustworthy person.”

“uh? “Who…”

I raised my hand and pointed to one person.

This guy is looking intently into the kitchen of our dorm.

This is Liu Chengwu.

Bae Se-jin became desperate.

“…Isn’t this something to do with my usual personality? Job is important. “It’s entertainment.”

“Of course.”

No that’s what I’m saying.

I nodded willingly agreeing.

“Think about it bro.”

“Huh?”

“Last time in our own content Chungwoo was a traitor. “That zombie.”

“That’s right.”

“Then based on the cooldown theory it won’t be Cheongwoo this time.”

“…?!”

“how is it.”

Wouldn’t it be boring if the same guy got caught again?

Even if it was a lottery it is judged that the production team would not have done it even if they had to resort to it.

‘Then they would have told me there was an error and had me pull it out again.’

And Bae Se-jin eventually clenched his fist and agreed as if my theory sounded quite plausible.

“…It’s as good as it gets. Let’s do it.”

yes.

I immediately walked towards Liu Chengwu and bowed down to him.

“brother.”

“hmm?”

“This way for a moment.”

And without being noticed by the others the three of them started talking as if they were each searching a similar place.

“Sejin wants to form an alliance but he says we can only do so if we reveal our occupation.”

“ah.”

“We’ve already introduced ourselves.”

If you just say it it means that we will form a party like this.

However Liu Chengwu who was looking under the table smiled slightly as if he was embarrassed.

“Um… I can’t tell you. Sorry.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin’s expression changed.

“You can’t believe it…”

“Wait a minute bro.”

I quickly intervened before he took off.

“It’s not that you don’t want to talk it’s that you can’t?”

“…”

Liu Chengwu smiled vaguely.

‘also.’

I nodded and bowed to Bae Se-jin.

“I think Cheongwoo has a job that doesn’t allow him to say his job directly.”

“…ah!”

“If it were the mafia I think they would try to deceive and not answer so honestly.”

“Ugh…”

Bae Se-jin was depressed but soon nodded.

“Then… he could be a detective. “In mystery novels the detective usually acts last.”

oh. It was quite a contextual reasoning in terms of content.

“then?”

“…good! “Let’s talk.”

Bae Se-jin nodded. I gave Ryu Cheong-woo a moment to listen to Bae Se-jin’s explanation.

And Liu Chengwu was impressed.

“You had that ability too. “You’re amazing Sejin.”

“Kuhm what?”

“According to what you said Ravin is definitely suspicious but… what’s urgent right now is that there’s someone who can be sacrificed right now. “I’d like to talk more about that.”

hmm?

“…Of course.”

“Let’s say one of us could choose the profession to be sacrificed. “Then what kind of job do you think it would be?”

That’s easy.

I answered without hesitation.

“A detective or a clown.”

* * *

Same time. Internet.

———————

[What did everyone vote for in the Orbit vote?]

Since there are 7 views there is a lot of speculation that it is a testa content with 7 members. I’m curious haha.

———————

Chatter was rampant in the Orbit voting section that suddenly appeared in each idol community.

First of all the word ‘offering’ was provocative and the fact that you could vote was also fun.

And the opinions seemed to be surprisingly unified.

-Isn’t taking a photo with a bright look the answer for anyone?

└ㅋㅋㅋㄹㅇ Just looking at the job title gives me the feeling of a troll.

jester.

Isn’t this an occupation that somehow gives off the feeling of a criminal or a dark criminal?

However there was a strong opinion that it should not be filmed.

-Everyone doesn’t know what they’re talking about. This kind of thing is only funny if it’s trolled by the voting party. Just looking at it it looks like a variety show.

-Ah this is definitely a doctor haha.

-Let’s kill the detective please so we can have a mental breakdown and laugh out loud.

As the rumor spread the number of people calling for detectives and doctors increased.

And after some time.

A new article has been uploaded to the Orbit Stars account.

[Voting has been completed. -&gt;View results]

And the moment people full of curiosity and anticipation clicked on the view results the link was to a video.

[Start the game now – TeSTAR coming soon]

This is Testa’s entertainment trailer.

-Mimimi crazy

-Testa entertainment!!!

-Wow too

-I’m already looking forward to it. What should I do?

The reactions of people who were happy to see it and said it was their first entertainment show in a long time.

And on the other hand a comment from a fan who realized the reality passed by.

-Wait a minute… So the member we voted for was just eliminated?

└Huh

└Wait a minute

└No wayㅠㅠ

Fan sites and communities began to explode with speculation and excitement again.

And then.

Testa’s strange filming location was burning hot in a different way.

“It’s radish radish.”

“hmm?”

“Would you like to exchange cards with me?”

“…!”

The first trait request has begun.
