---
title: "Chapter 488"
category: "book"
index: 487
section: "Chapter 488"
slug: "488"
---

# Chapter 488

I looked at Sun Ah-hyun.

‘Let’s exchange cards?’

Moreover the guy who called me to the outskirts of his room took something out of his pocket.

“…!”

Gold with QR code.

It is a commodity used to exchange cards.

“Where did you find it?”

“Uhm actually…”

Sun Ah-hyun whispered quietly.

He said that when he woke up in his room he read the profile and searched the room at the same time.

“Then I found it… under the bed.”

“…”

This means that you found it when you started the game.

‘And you’ve kept your mouth shut all this time?’

Sun Ah-hyeon?

I was impressed without even realizing it.

‘You all have a taste for entertainment.’

It was amazing. I can’t wait to see how this will turn out if it is edited according to the scenario written by Ryu Seo-rin.

“But I don’t know if it’s okay to use it like this. “It could be used at a critical moment.”

Then Sun Ah-hyun nodded with an expression of determination.

“I need to know the information so it’s okay to spend my gold…!”

“hmm.”

In order to play the game properly in terms of efficiency the right answer is to not play until someone else does but…

‘This is entertainment.’

It was good for the development to get out of the first attempt quickly. So I nodded.

“Then let’s get to know each other’s occupations. “I think that would be better.”

“Uhm I’m… a scholar.”

oh.

I nodded.

“The door is…?”

“I am a doctor.”

“Ah aha!”

Sun Ah-hyun blushed and nodded saying it was a good job.

That’s the end of the story.

“We are exchanging our cards.”

“Huh?”

“Did you find the gold?”

I called the other members together and stood in front of the front door.

“I’m just going to give it a try first.”

“okay.”

Big Sejin nodded.

I organized the game rules once again.

“If there is one of us who needs to be sacrificed the sacrifice will be changed by exchanging this card.”

“Ugh that’s right.”

It’s like passing the joker in a card game.

‘Is this a bombing?’

However this seemed like a survival game with a hidden culprit or murderer like a mafia game.

However regardless of whether you are a mafia or a citizen it is unlikely that you will necessarily choose occupations such as ‘scholar’ or ‘doctor’ first.

I recalled the answer I gave to Liu Chengwu earlier.

Which occupation do you think has the highest chance of dying?

-Detective or clown.

If the person chosen as a sacrifice is a mafia detective if it is a citizen it is a clown.

‘This is the standard route.’

Professions like scholar or doctor are less likely to attract aggro than those two.

So in front of the entrance it is dark because the only light is still not on.

We held the cards relying solely on the light coming from the panel.

“I do it.”

“Ugh.”

I scanned the QR codes for me Sun Ah-hyun and Gold.

“…”

Then the screen on the front door panel began to swirl dark red without a sound.

“Boo!”

“Wow it’s scarier than I thought?”

I focused my eyes on the panel while listening to the guys’ nervous voices.

The vortex lasted for 3-4 seconds and soon disappeared.

All that remains on the screen are the backs of two cards.

[Token exchange completed]

[Park Moon-dae &lt;-&gt; Seon A-hyeon]

“oh.”

“This is how you do it.”

A small exclamation from the members rang out.

And I smoothed out my cards.

‘There is no other information.’

It seemed like only the exchange record was neatly stored there.

“It was nothing special.”

“Ugh. Still… it was amazing!”

“That’s right.”

There was no other unnecessary stuff. Sun Ah-hyun and I seemed satisfied with our demonstration and walked away from the front door.

After that the search continued.

“Mundaemundae~ Is it true that you can’t open the bathroom door in this dorm? Oh if it’s this difficult there must be gold in it…”

“There’s a ghost inside.”

“Uh huh.”

And Comte.

“There’s chicken in the refrigerator!”

“…!!”

“I’m really touched that you’re giving me food.”

As the skit continued it was a moment when the atmosphere relaxed slightly.

The members seemed to have become numb to the environment so they dispersed and wandered around the two spacious dorms.

‘Has it already been two hours?’

And after a while.

Beep!

“…!”

An alarm rang in the front door.

And then the voice began to repeat with a siren sound as if it were an emergency notice.

[Enter the room where the warning begins.]

[Enter the room where the warning begins.]

[Enter the room where the warning begins.]

“What is it?”

“Room of Beginnings?”

The scattered members ran out. I was aware of the sirens and shouted loudly.

“I think we’re talking about the room we each started in!”

“iced coffee!”

“See you all in a moment!”

The guys who ran to the front door soon dispersed in perfect order. Indeed they looked like people who had eaten Jjambap from broadcasting.

I also returned to the room where I started.

The room was a replica of my room in my previous accommodation.

Sweet.

It was the moment I went in there and closed the door blocking out a layer of siren sound.

Ding dong!!

“…!!”

[It is time for interim notice.]

…There were speakers here too.

‘…after.’

I guess they’re doing this on purpose to scare people.

Before I knew it the fluorescent lights had stopped coming on again and I was sitting on the bed in a dark corner of the room.

Then that strange mechanical sound came through the speakers again.

[Check the bedside drawer.]

Are you coming?

I moved my hand. There was an electronic device in the drawer inside the bedside table.

It was clearly not there before.

‘Did the staff member filming over there come out and add it?’

You’re having a hard time. I muttered to myself when I saw the black box with only the camera sticking out of the corner.

Then I carefully turned on the screen of the electronic device. I guess I received it as a PPL or it was Ohseong’s tab.

Beep.

The lit screen flashes through the dark air.

[Job skills disclosure]

[Your job skills are…]

‘Hoo.’

The members split up because of this.

I read the article slowly.

“…”

‘Is this… meant to be used here?’

It was quite interesting.

As I was rubbing my chin trying to think of a few applications I heard another notification sound.

‘hmm?’

The pad screen has changed again.

[01\:00\:00]

[※Token can be checked※]

The time remaining until the end of the game and… is this a sign of my card?

“…”

I raised my hand and touched the pad.

[Kyahahaha!]

The first thing I heard was the sound of a child laughing.

That innocent sound somehow creates a sense of discomfort and sends shivers down the spine.

And without warning a huge red circular pattern filled the pad.

Lamb skull pattern.

[Your card is ‘Sacrifice Token’.]

[Current Lamb\: Moon-Dae Park]

“…”

I see.

I took my eyes off the pad screen for a moment and took a breath.

The sign of the sacrifice is with me.

So if I continue like this I will die.

* * *

“Wow~ Did you all enjoy it!”

“Yeah bro!”

The siren sounded again and the members came out of their respective rooms.

And the remaining hour passed quickly.

Now rather than searching for gold the focus is on conversation and surveillance.

“Huh? “Where are you two going? Are you exchanging cards?”

“…I’m going to heat up that chicken.”

“…yep.”

Externally an hour passed smoothly without any major incidents or conflicts.

However a strange tension was rising.

‘soon.’

It’s over.

I measured the time and waited for the ending.

And after a while.

BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEICK!!

“Ouch.”

“I guess time is up.”

I wasn’t that surprised this time.

However everyone looked a little nervous.

‘The losers have been decided.’

After being inside for several hours the level of immersion naturally became stronger and the word ‘sacrifice’ seemed to feel a little scary.

It’s like entering a haunted house at an amusement park.

“It’s gone.”

And the front door panel had indeed finished counting down.

[00\:00\:00]

And then a huge letter appears as if to cover it.

[End of exchange]

“…”

Modulated mechanical sounds began to flow from the speakers again.

[This is a notice before the announcement.]

[The first sacrifice token you receive is determined by the votes of your sponsors.]

“After sponsor…?”

[Voting results from fans who love you]

‘…Pan?’

The red graph on the screen went up endlessly and a whopping 20374 votes appeared.

If you put those high numbers and explanations together…

“No way… was this a fan vote?”

“When did you receive it?”

‘My words.’

Whether the astonished members are surprised or not the panel continues its narration in silence.

[The one that received the most votes was one job with 20374 votes.]

Now everyone is holding their breath and watching the panel.

[And now that the time limit has passed the profession with this sacrifice token is…]

Gulp.

At that moment I heard the sound of swallowing due to the gloomy tension.

The result rang.

[I am a scholar.]

“…!!”

“ah.”

I reflexively glanced back at Sun Ah-hyeon.

Sun Ah-hyeon had a pale face.

‘…’

-Umm… I’m a scholar.

Sun Ah-hyun definitely said that.

And the members immediately started looking around to find the person involved.

“scholar?”

“Who is the scholar? “Say it!”

“…”

But it was quiet.

No one has come forward and even Sun Ah-hyun is keeping her mouth shut.

“uh?”

“…Why is no one coming out?”

Bae Se-jin narrowed his eyes and Kim Rae-bin looked around with a puzzled expression.

“Isn’t this a situation where we can’t change the outcome anyway?”

“that’s right!”

“But why…?”

It was a time when everyone was talking with confused expressions.

[The sacrificial room has been opened.]

Sigh.

“omg.”

The front door opened automatically.

And after that another door was seen opening automatically.

That’s right… a single room in our dorm.

This is the room that was not opened.

“Is that the sacrificial room?”

“I think so.”

It popped into my head reflexively.

A note that Raebin Kim picked up from under that door.

-I open at the end.

‘Did that mean that room would open at the end of this game?’

Or when it is confirmed who will die or be finished… Is it?

I assumed that and followed them. Due to the atmosphere I thought I should say this in the interview.

And in front of the open cell door.

“I’m coming in!”

Cha Yu-jin stepped forward without hesitation. but…

“Oops!!”

“Why why?”

The guy frowned and took his foot back.

‘what?’

Everyone was surprised by the reaction and looked into the room.

“…!!”

The inside of the room… looked like the altar of some kind of cult.

Torn black wallpaper and burning red candles swayed eerily.

And a huge coffin-shaped altar located in the middle. There was a red-colored sheep’s head skull pattern engraved on it.

‘You’re crazy.’

Quack!

“Ugh!”

Is there even a thunder effect?

In front of the space where the art team was replaced the members became a flock of penguins again.

“I don’t think I can sleep in this room anymore…”

“I’m glad I moved.”

“huh.”

Anyway we entered it cautiously.

“…There is a name tag.”

“Ugh.”

And soon according to the name written on it it looked like a table to welcome guests with a coffin-shaped altar surrounding it.

It was that moment.

[Participants.]

“I knew it would be like this.”

“me too.”

The bizarre narration started flowing through the speakers again.

The camera coming out of the coffin rotates and captures our faces.

[Welcome to the room of sacrifice.]

“Do we really have to sacrifice a member here?!”

“Calm down Ravin.”

[Participants must find the black sheep here.]

“…”

Black sheep?

[The participant who immediately passed on the fate of his sacrifice to another participant.]

[In other words the culprit who sacrificed the ‘scholar’ through the final exchange of tokens is the ‘black sheep.’]

“omg.”

“Wow I’m getting more and more confused about this.”

I put it together quickly.

‘hmm.’

So what this means is that you have to find the person who handed over the last token to the ‘scholar’ who ended up being the final sacrifice.

It seems that the person who committed the act was judged to be some kind of ‘mafia’ or ‘criminal’.

‘Then all you have to do is find the guy you last exchanged with the scholar.’

It was a moment when I thought it would be too easy to reason.

Another condition was added.

[If you guess the black sheep correctly the culprit will be burnt along with the sacrifice.]

[But if you don’t find the black sheep]

“…then?”

[Everything except the black sheep and the sacrifice is offered as a burnt offering.]

“Ugh.”

“Wow this is an absolute horror game!”

The sound of annihilation brought out screams and violent reactions from all over.

‘oh.’

So this is a structure in which if the sacrifice keeps its mouth shut the person himself can survive.

‘If you do this you won’t tell me who you exchanged with.’

I was impressed by the viciousness of the production team.

[Then good luck.]

I wish you good luck – I wish you well…

The speaker which had been echoing eerily soon crackled and cut off.

And the skull symbol on the coffin glowed red.

“Oh!”

“I guess I’m telling you to get started.”

While I was gawking at the amazing room the atmosphere soon settled down in its own way.

The members seemed to be organizing their thoughts so far and thinking of things to talk about.

Of course the number one priority is probably this.

‘I guess you’re asking who the scholar was sacrificed to be.’

In fact wouldn’t it be okay if we somehow interrogate them and catch the person who made the last exchange?

But the first thing to open my mouth was

“for a moment! “I have something to tell you first.”

It was Bae Se-jin.

The guy continued speaking calmly.

“I knew what jobs there were.”

“yes?”

“I’m a lawyer.”

And just like he told me he started telling me all the information he knew.

‘Is this reasonable since it is the last minute?’

I nodded inwardly.

If you know what jobs there are it’s easy to deduce who has what job using elimination.

“But there is just one person who asked for a job that no one else has! “That person…”

And it was the moment when Bae Se-jin was about to say Kim Rae-bin’s name.

“Huh? wait a minute.”

‘…?’

Big Sejin suddenly intervened. The guy immediately asks Bae Se-jin who pauses for a moment in embarrassment.

“Hyung what is your job?”

“…I’m a lawyer. “A lawyer’s professional skills allow him or her to know other professions…”

“…? “You mean your brother is a lawyer?”

Big Sejin laughed.

And then he made a bombshell statement.

“weird. “I’m a lawyer?”

“…!!”

“Uh huh?”

“There can’t be two jobs that are the same. “Right?”

“…”

The members opened their mouths and looked back at the two people with the same name.

Big Sejin stroked the back of his neck.

“Uhm. Looking at the reaction it seems like Sejin has been saying a lot here and there that he is a lawyer but lawyers are not allowed to do that because of their mission.”

“…!!”

After observing the members’ reactions Big Sejin frowned and smiled bitterly.

And sighed.

“Oh my you were all deceived by your brother. “Everyone was fooled.”

“…”

A moment of embarrassed silence separated the members.

That moment.

“wait for a sec.”

Bae Se-jin spoke firmly with a white face.

“You’re the one who’s lying!”

‘oh my god.’

I swallowed my sleep.

‘One of the two is definitely trolling right?’

I can already see viewers chewing popcorn without even being able to breathe.

It was literally the beginning of a melee.
