---
title: "Chapter 489"
category: "book"
index: 488
section: "Chapter 489"
slug: "489"
---

# Chapter 489

A person with the same name who claims to be a lawyer.

Bae Se-jin and Keun Se-jin are engaged in a tense war of words.

“…Lee Se-jin has been quiet until now but only opened his mouth after it was decided who would die. Anyone can see this is strategic. “It’s to confuse people on purpose!”

“A-hyung it’s the opposite. Isn’t it more unnatural to just talk about your job and abilities from the beginning? “Everyone think about the mafia game. Normally good citizens don’t do this even if they are wary of the mafia.”

Both have a point.

Anyway they can’t both be lawyers and one of them is a lie… That’s amazing. I was secretly impressed.

“Oh… who do you suspect Moon Dae?”

“Looking at the current situation it seems like there are both possibilities.”

One is an actor and the other is good at entertainment.

‘I guess I can naturally pretend to have a different job.’

If both of you put your mind to it you can have a good game with the trolling profession.

Right now neither of them are logically awkward.

“…! It’s sophistry. “I discovered the suspicious person early and shared it with trustworthy people!”

“So the reason is actually a lie if my brother is a mafia. “Then it’s just a baseless story?”

‘It’s a mess.’

I can almost see the other guys’ pupils spinning around. I clicked my tongue inwardly.

And I raised my hand.

“First of all I have a question for both of you.”

“uh?”

“Could you please explain a little about the profession of a lawyer? “People who usually lie have loopholes.”

“I see. “If I go into detail I’m sure someone will come across some contradictions.”

Liu Chengwu nodded.

‘okay. No matter what if you keep asking questions you’ll end up making up things on the spot and answering questions that you haven’t prepared.’

Then the logic falls apart awkwardly as the back and forth don’t make sense.

“ah.”

I don’t know what it was like on the inside but on the outside the sejins with the same name reacted as if they were quite excited.

“Oh that’s a good idea Mundaemundae~”

“Then I’ll do it first.”

Bae Se-jin came out as if he would not lose the player.

“Lawyers… can find out how many jobs there are in total and what those jobs are.”

Bae Se-jin then explained the jobs he knew.

The other guys nodded and repeated their jobs.

“Doctor sheriff detective scholar undertaker clown…”

“And you’re a lawyer.”

“that’s right.”

Bae Se-jin nodded seriously.

“Raise your hand if the job I have isn’t in here.”

There was no rebuttal.

‘No one has a noticeable change in complexion.’

It probably means that the job you have is among them.

‘In other words Bae Se-jin’s story is highly likely to be true.’

Bae Se-jin must have noticed that expression and looked at Eun Se-jin defiantly.

But the guy smiled bitterly.

“Well you know what the job is…”

And the guy shrugged his shoulders.

“But from the way you talk it seems like you really know right?”

“…!!”

“You are now admitting that you lied even though you are not a lawyer…”

“No no.”

Big Sejin shook his head. And he said it quite seriously.

“I guess Bae Se-jin seems to have a different job with that ability. “The only lie is that I’m a lawyer.”

“…!!”

So what Big Sejin said is…

‘Bae Se-jin found out that fact using the skills of another profession but he is impersonating a lawyer?’

Certainly a number of cases are possible!

“No it’s just… Actually just looking at it it looks like a skill that has little to do with the profession of a lawyer.”

“Huh.”

Raebin Kim was shocked. And at the same time Bae Se-jin got angry.

“The job of a lawyer requires you to know the defendant well. “What’s so awkward about this!”

“No that kind of ability just makes you a criminal! It looks like the dark side will have it. “It looks like a good plan.”

For a moment a look of ‘I think so’ passed across the members’ faces.

And Bae Se-jin is now narrowing his eyes with a cold face.

‘Is it overindulgence or acting?’

I shrugged my shoulders and then looked back at Big Sejin and asked.

“Then what are the original skills of a lawyer?”

Big Sejin smiled and spoke without hesitation.

“It’s the ability to designate one person and find out if that person is innocent.”

“…!!”

oh my god.

And Keun Se-jin’s remarks did not end there.

“By the way I’ve already used it~”

“…?!”

At that moment the atmosphere of the room changed.

Seon Ah-hyun who had been quietly keeping her mouth shut reflexively asked back.

“Who who…?”

“Here are our members~”

Keun Se-jin patted the back of the member right next to him.

That’s right…

“Raebin Kim?”

“yes!”

The guy grins. Kim Rae-bin’s eyes look like they’re about to pop out.

However he soon looked around and nodded with a confused expression.

“Of course I am not the criminal. Because I have never exchanged a card in the first place…”

Bae Se-jin clenched his fist and intervened.

“That’s ridiculous!”

“…?!”

Raebin Kim was shocked.

“Kim Rae-bin said her job was a reporter! But… there is no such thing as a reporter among occupations!”

“…!!”

“Oh come to think of it.”

Kim Rae-bin’s eyes began to roll. Oh my.

“And now every time I try to reveal this he stops me.”

“yes?”

“Lee Se-jin!!”

Bae Se-jin shouted loudly clasped his hands and muttered.

“…and there was something strange about your job.”

“yes?”

“jester.”

“…”

Hoo.

“Do you remember the card game we played last time? “Joker\: If you hold the clown card last you lose…”

Catching a thief.

Bae Se-jin was seen swallowing saliva.

“So wouldn’t Raebin Kim have that kind of job? “The mission is for us to fail.”

“yes!?”

Kim Rae-bin was even more shocked.

‘If that’s acting I guess I’ll have to make that guy act too.’

However Bae Se-jin continued speaking in an increasingly confident tone as if the logic had finally connected.

“And Lee Se-jin is a scholar.”

“yes??”

“Lee Se-jin is the sacrifice and they are trying to prevent me from singling out Kim Rae-bin so they can win!”

“…!!”

There was such a rule.

-If you guess the black sheep correctly the culprit will be burnt along with the sacrifice.

-However if the black sheep cannot be found everything except the black sheep and the offering will be burnt.

In other words the only way for a sacrificed person to survive is to make people unable to catch the culprit.

“how is it.”

“…”

My heart condition was pretty good.

But… Lee Se-jin burst out laughing.

“Ah I understand.”

“…?”

Lee Se-jin declared like a bomb.

“No your brother is a clown right?”

“…!!”

“Originally people who want to bluff speak first. “To lay down the boards.”

“what? Wait a minute what she’s doing right now is something that’s obvious… like biting at me because she’s being cornered! “You’re just repeating what I said!”

“No! “My brother’s foot went numb.”

“hey…!”

The overindulgence was getting worse. Now I think it would be okay to add something like ‘I’m really fighting^^’ as a subtitle.

Liu Chengwu hurriedly intervened.

“Um… Sejin I mean Lee Sejin.”

“Yep!”

“Then can I hear the logic of your reasoning?”

“Of course~”

Big Sejin grinned.

“I think Sejin is a clown. “I think there is a high probability that it is the black sheep that we need to catch!”

“what?!”

“Sejin calm down and let’s listen first.”

Ryu Cheong-woo was calming Bae Se-jin.

Big Sejin looks at me and narrows his eyes.

“…”

“And did you hear something from Moon Dae before I came here?”

“…!?”

That’s right.

There is some information I shared with the guy who has the most say in this game before coming here.

-actually…

“Can I tell you?”

“okay.”

I nodded. Big Sejin willingly opened his mouth.

“Ahyeon said she was a scholar.”

“…!!”

This is it.

‘It’s suspicious.’

‘Scholar’ is the profession selected as the final sacrifice in this game.

“I don’t know what the first job fans voted for as a sacrifice is but the final sacrifice right now is a scholar.”

I continued calmly.

“And there is this person who said he was a scholar. “It’s Ahyeon.”

“…”

“So anyway let’s ask Sun Ah-hyun a question…”

“Over there.”

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth with a pale face.

“I… I never said that.”

“…!!”

what?

* * *

The foundation of a dark cult.

The people surrounding him are struggling under endless revelations.

“I have a different job.”

“yes??”

How on earth is it possible for a participant to reveal their true occupation in this game?!

Raebin Kim was shocked once again.

I can’t believe something like this is happening to Ahyeon!

‘Brothers Se-jin Bae and Se-jin Lee are claiming to be lawyers.’

‘You said Brother Moon Dae is a doctor.’

He quickly organized the current situation in his head.

therefore…

——————=

Testa’s job (claim)

Ryu Cheong-woo – ?

Bae Se-jin – Attorney

Seon Ah-hyeon – Scholar

Sejin Lee – Attorney

Moon-Dae Park – Doctor

Raebin Kim – Reporter

Cha Yujin – ?

——————=

This is what each person claims.

And there was rampant sniping at each other.

Even Seon Ah-hyun who was recently exposed is saying that she is not a ‘scholar’!

“Then what job do you have?”

“Well I have the ability to know other people’s occupations.”

“omg.”

“And… I checked the door frame with that… and I found something.”

Sun Ah-hyun said with a determined expression.

“Moondae is not a doctor.”

“…!!”

“I lied about my job…!”

also?

Raebin Kim turned his head as if his neck was going to break.

‘Brother Moondae is definitely… ’

-First of all I am a doctor.

Bae Se-jin also had a similar expression.

“…Park Moon-dae?”

“…”

Park Mun-dae did not answer. And Sun Ah-hyun continued speaking.

“The doctor said he was a doctor… but he wasn’t.”

“I’m a doctor.”

“Oh no…!”

Sun Ah-hyun looked as if she would burst into tears at any moment but she spoke firmly.

“Moondae is an undertaker.”

“…!!”

“what!?”

For a moment shock struck the room once again.

-undertaker?

Raebin Kim turned his head.

I had to stay calm. Make sure to check it out!

‘Mundae hyung’s reaction… ’

“…”

Are you very calm?

Are you feeling a little… shy?

Park Mun-dae scratched his head.

“Hmm… Even undertakers end up as doctors. So wouldn’t it be right to be a doctor?”

“…”

Everyone was speechless.

“hey!”

“No… it just looks like a mafia game so I thought it would be strange to be so honest in the beginning.”

Park Mun-dae scratched his cheek. The tension collapsed in an instant.

“What are you talking about?”

“There is a saying that even bad laws are laws. So undertakers are also doctors.”

“I’m going crazy…”

“You’re an idiot!”

Park Moon-dae shamelessly muttered with an expression like ‘Anyway I didn’t lie’ and people turned upside down.

Bae Se-jin is almost screaming now.

“Anyway then you admit it? What is an undertaker?! What kind of job do you do? Do you have to fool people?!”

“No it’s not like that it’s just that… they say you can contact dead people. “I don’t know how to use it since no one has died yet.”

“Ugh.”

“I actually found out about that during the mid-term inspection. I told you. “I don’t know that ability.”

“Ugh…”

Park Moon-dae did not look like his feet were numb. This is just an impulse strategy I used in the beginning.

Bae Se-jin groaned and then shouted.

“Then you should have told me when I started this!”

“I was going to do it but now two lawyers have come out and Ah-hyeon is in a mess of lying about her job so I thought it would be buried even if I revealed it.”

“…”

That’s right.

With that look on his face Bae Se-jin was convinced and Kim Rae-bin was also half convinced.

“and.”

Park Moon-dae turned his head.

And then I looked straight at Kim Rae-bin.

“…!”

“I think the occupations Sejin mentioned are quite persuasive.”

“That’s right.”

“I’m not sure if that’s a lawyer’s ability.”

“hey!”

Brother Bae Se-jin’s rebuttal flowed naturally and Park Moon-dae fired back in an instant.

Raebin Kim to herself.

“So Ravin. “Are you sure you’re a reporter?”

“…”

There was silence.

He bit his lip.

‘That’s it.’

And the moment Raebin Kim opened his mouth…

“Wait! “We have lost our purpose!”

“…!”

This time Cha Yu-jin who had been quiet intervened!

“Our goal is to find out who the sacrifice is and who the culprit is. So what’s important is something else.”

“uh?”

“What is that?”

Cha Yu-jin asked without hesitation.

“How did you exchange your card?”

“…!”

“[The important thing is to get the order right!] So we need information from everyone. You can’t think about suspicious people in advance. Then prejudice arises.”

“Uhm…”

It was organized by Park Moon-dae.

“Then what you’re saying is let’s organize the card exchange details first.”

“Yes!”

“…That makes sense.”

“Well definitely.”

Quite a few members nodded but Park Moon-dae added calmly.

“But I think it’s best not to give up doubt. “It seemed to me that Eugene was protecting Ravine.”

“Ha?”

“I agree too~”

“okay. “Let’s organize the exchange details first and make sure to ask Ravin again.”

“…All right!”

Raebin Kim answered bravely.

Still he planned to do his best to get as far as he could.

-It is better to hide your identity.

This is because Raebin Kim did not forget the advice written in the job profile she received.

“Okay then let’s sort it out.”

Meanwhile one by one the members began to organize in chronological order what they had witnessed while exchanging cards at the entrance.

“The first time… Moon Dae and Ahyeon exchanged right?”

“okay.”

“Next Cha Yu-jin exchanged with Chung-woo.”

Then the alarm rang and everyone went back to the room they started in and checked their cards…

After that.

“Is this the end of the second half?”

“I think so.”

To summarize it is like this.

——————=

1. Sun Ah-hyun &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

2. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Ryu Cheong-woo

[Interim inspection]

3. Ryu Cheong-woo &lt;-&gt; Bae Se-jin

4. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

——————=

Just 4 times.

“I put a person with a coin in front of me. So the person who recommended it.”

“All right!”

Raebin Kim nodded.

“Brothers~ You said you were going to heat up chicken but you ended up exchanging it! Could it be that you did it suspiciously and secretly?”

“Because you’re making such a fuss! You did it quickly when you went to the bathroom. “All the other kids saw it.”

“oh my god.”

There was another argument-like joke going on next to him but he thought hard.

‘Then the suspect is in here… Is that how it appears to people?’

Of course even if we did that there were only 5 people.

Kim Rae-bin’s eyes were rolling in this strange situation where she who lied about her job was among the excluded few.

“Well did you exchange anything other than what you just said?”

There was silence in response to Sejin Lee’s question. The smile on his face deepened.

“Then… the person who said he had a bad card during the mid-term inspection? “It’s the sacrificial mark!”

“…”

There was still no answer.

It was that moment.

“I knew.”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand with her eyes shining.

“Offerings during mid-term inspection? “The person who had the card is a mafia.”

“…!”

“Because he doesn’t show up now. That means I don’t want to give away my exchange records.”

This meant that if he wasn’t the culprit he would definitely have cooperated and found out who the exchange went to and the order of the exchange.

“ah…!”

The members were momentarily impressed.

but.

“It could be the other way around. Cha Yu-jin!”

“Umm?”

Raebin Kim responded in a cautious voice.

“The person who had the offering card at the time did not exchange it so it may still be an offering.”

“Oh”

The sacrifice survives along with the culprit only if the guessing of the culprit fails.

There was a clear reason for the sacrifice to keep its mouth shut!

“Ah but the sacrifice now is a scholar~”

Sejin Lee said as if something suddenly occurred to her.

“If viewers were to vote don’t you think they would have chosen scholar as the profession they would kill for here? You end up choosing a job that stands out more. Right Mundaemundae?”

“That’s right.”

Park Moon-dae nodded lightly. And Bae Se-jin also responded.

“Yes Park Moon-dae said that…! “I think the first vote would have been either a detective or a clown.”

“Um yeah.”

So it clearly meant that he was among the exchanged people.

“Ah I guess it can be done like this.”

Sejin Lee grinned.

“The person who exchanged it early before the mid-term inspection may have taken it as is.”

“…!”

“Then it’s a sacrifice like Ravin said!”

It was that moment.

“ah…!”

“…?”

Sun Ah-hyun covered her mouth.

‘What happened?’

It was just when Kim Rae-bin was looking at Sun Ah-hyun and was about to worry.

“it’s me.”

“…??”

“I… think I handed over an offering to Mundae.”

Sun Ah-hyun said with a blank face.

“I’m a detective…”

“…!!”

And Sun Ah-hyun straightened her body.

“But Moon Dae is not a scholar. So… the sign of sacrifice was handed over to someone who was a scholar.”

“…”

Raebin Kim checked the exchange list.

After the mid-term inspection the exchange of Park Moon-dae…

4. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

“…!”

If this is true.

‘no way.’

Cha Yu-jin was the sacrifice.

‘Brother Moon Dae is the culprit and Cha Yu-jin is the sacrificial scholar…!’

Now that Kim Rae-bin realized that he didn’t know Cha Yu-jin’s occupation he clenched his fist and thought.

‘If this is true… should I act?’

He was still waiting for an opportunity to use his ‘job skills’!

his abilities.

– When sniping the correct ‘culprit’ you can kill him instead of sacrificing him.

Shoot the criminal.

That’s right.

Raebin Kim’s occupation was ‘sheriff’.
