---
title: "Chapter 490"
category: "book"
index: 489
section: "Chapter 490"
slug: "490"
---

# Chapter 490

Raebin Kim once again reflected on his professional abilities.

Sheriff.

If he finds the culprit before the game ends he can shoot him!

‘Then we can catch only the culprit and save the members who were sacrificed!’

The original rules of this game are simple.

-Participants can pass offering tokens to each other by exchanging cards.

-Finally if you correctly guess who the culprit who passed the sacrificial mark also known as the black sheep is that culprit and the sacrifice will die.

-If you cannot guess everyone except the culprit and the sacrifice will die.

Deathmatch team battle.

In other words the culprit and the two victims automatically become one team and the remaining five members become one team. Only one side can survive.

However if the sheriff succeeds in shooting the criminal the story will be different.

Rather than both the culprit and the sacrifice being killed the game ended with only the culprit being sacrificed instead.

In other words you can even buy offerings!

Minimal deaths!

It could be seen as the best route.

However there was a condition.

-If the sheriff shoots the wrong ‘criminal’ the innocent person will be immediately sacrificed.

Even if Kim Rae-bin accidentally shot someone who was not the criminal the person who was shot would die.

Burnt offering that is burning to death on that coffin-shaped altar.

So we had to catch the right culprit the first time.

‘Let’s do our best!’

Raebin Kim internally clenched his fists.

And in the meantime the situation in the room was falling further into shock and confusion.

Sun Ah-hyun’s revelation!

“So you’re a detective?”

“…And when you exchanged cards with Moon Dae it seems like the sacrifice token was passed over?”

“Ugh.”

For the first time since the mystery began Sejin who had the same name stopped fighting and started asking questions to Seon Ah-hyeon all at once.

And both of them had strange expressions.

“Then if what you say is right…”

——————=

1. Sun Ah-hyun &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

2. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Ryu Cheong-woo

[Interim inspection]

3. Ryu Cheong-woo &lt;-&gt; Bae Se-jin

4. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

——————=

Based on this order the person Park Moon-dae exchanged with after exchanging with Sun Ah-hyun was…

Last 4 times.

4. Cha Yu-jin &lt;-&gt; Park Moon-dae

Everyone turned their heads.

“Cha Yujin.”

1 hour before card exchange ends.

Cha Yu-jin who found a new coin near the entrance exchanged a few words with Park Moon-dae and completed the exchange in an instant!

Raebin Kim also swallowed his saliva.

‘really…?’

However the person involved Cha Yu-jin… had a distraught expression.

“I’m not a sacrifice. Because I’m not a scholar.”

“…!?”

“I can swear. “I swear.”

It was very fine.

The members were a little embarrassed.

“Then what is your job?”

“I am a doctor.”

“…?!”

The members began to murmur at Cha Yu-jin’s outspoken words.

“Well as soon as it turns out that Mundae is an undertaker and not a doctor? “The timing of this is a bit strange~”

“I didn’t know that Mundae-hyung was a doctor! I was just quiet. “I tried to find the answer by observing what the members said.”

Bae Se-jin asked carefully.

“Can you prove it?”

“No one can prove their job. But I’m a doctor! “If there is anyone here who is a doctor please come out and talk.”

“…”

“No one is talking. I know why. Because I’m the doctor!”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders. The majesty certainly seemed real…

‘Really?’

Then I had to reason again.

Who on earth is a scholar and who is a criminal? Kim Rae-bin tried to think again.

It was then.

Park Moon-dae was silent for a moment as if he was lost in thought but then he placed his hand on his chin and opened his mouth.

“…Ahyeon said you were a detective.”

“…Ugh.”

“Then… even if it is true that you are a detective there are other possibilities.”

“Which one…?”

“I became the first sacrifice based on viewer votes. “Maybe he’s a clown and not a detective.”

“…!!”

That’s right.

What if the starting point of the spinning sacrificial token is not a detective but a clown?

“So… this is what I’m thinking.”

Park Moon-dae turned his head.

“Among the suspicious people who still seem to lie for a living there is only one candidate who has a card exchange record.”

And he naturally looked at the person in question.

Bae Se-jin.

“…!!”

“brother. “After the mid-term inspection I exchanged it with Chungwoo.”

Bae Se-jin opened his eyes wide.

“And you said that Kim Rae-bin claims to be a reporter even though there is no reporter among your profession? “But Raebin Kim has no record of card exchange.”

“…”

“My brother claimed that Lee Se-jin is a clown and not a lawyer but even Lee Se-jin has no record of the exchange.”

So among the people who were not able to secure a job and were controversial Bae Se-jin was the only one with a record of exchanging cards!

‘That’s impossible!’

Raebin Kim opened his mouth and looked at Sejin Bae.

“for a moment.”

Bae Se-jin responded in as calm a tone as possible.

“Cha Yu-jin just speaks with confidence but there is no evidence. “The other person may be a doctor and remain silent due to a professional mission.”

“Hmm.”

“And… yes! Cha Yu-jin also exchanged cards with Ryu Cheong-woo once before Park Moon-dae. “If Cheongwoo was a clown and as you said the clown was initially sacrificed based on viewer votes…”

Liu Chengwu raised his hand and answered with an embarrassed expression.

“Hmm… But in the end Yujin exchanged cards with Mundae. “Then the sacrificial token is moved from Yujin to Mundae?”

It was accurate.

“Then the College of Arts should be a sacrifice but it is impossible because the profession of the College of Arts is an undertaker not a scholar.”

“ah.”

In the end it was a contradiction. Because there is a mismatch in final occupation.

‘It’s impossible.’

Raebin Kim swallowed.

“It would be strange even if Eugene was a clown and had a sacrifice card in the beginning. “The token is passed on to you through me who exchanged cards.”

“…”

“Sejin are you a scholar? “The final sacrifice.”

Bae Se-jin’s face hardened in response to Ryu Cheong-woo’s question.

“It can’t be! And that means you are the culprit! “Because you were the last one to exchange!”

“huh. So that’s not it. “Then since we’re on the same team there’s no way we’re prying into each other like this.”

Liu Chengyu continued to speak calmly.

“And Sejin. “Didn’t you keep insisting that Lee Se-jin was a clown earlier?”

“…”

That was correct.

Until now Bae Se-jin and Lee Se-jin had been fighting fiercely over the job of a lawyer both calling each other clowns…

Now it’s a bit hard to suspect someone else of being a clown.

In the end Bae Se-jin fell silent.

“Really… Hey Sejin Lee! Be honest about your occupation! “I can’t reason!”

“…after! Brother you are really good at acting! Wow you really speak honestly right?”

“Ugh!”

Lee Se-jin also looked as if a vein would sprout from his forehead. He explained cruelly with a smiling face.

“In the first place even if I were a clown it would be impossible for me to pass the sacrificial token in the middle~ I didn’t exchange it.”

“…”

That’s right. One of the unique names not on the card record exchange table was Lee Se-jin!

‘The other one is me… ’

Raebin Kim swallowed.

Sejin Lee’s kind explanation continued.

“But now the final sacrifice occupation is ‘scholar’ right?”

He was neither a detective nor a clown who were likely to be chosen by vote.

The final sacrifice’s occupation is a scholar!

“Whether viewers voted for a detective or a clown the person with that job is not a sacrifice now right? “It means that the certificate was handed over in exchange for a card.”

“…”

“I don’t know how it goes around but ultimately it goes to a scholar.”

Lee Se-jin’s words had no logical flaws. Kim Rae-bin also nodded his head involuntarily.

‘I see.’

If so Lee Se-jin and himself who have no records of exchange are really innocent!

“So… Cha Yu-jin is a scholar and it’s true that Park Moon-dae handed it over to Cha Yu-jin!”

“I’m not a scholar. “There are definitely other possibilities.”

“So I’m not the criminal either…”

“…”

There was silence.

No one seemed to be lying.

Even Park Moon-dae said this.

“…Surely the viewers chose a scholar from the beginning?”

“Did the production crew try something?”

“Hmm.”

The depressed members looked like their bones were all in pain now.

This is because the occupations were mixed and the number of cases did not match.

However Raebin Kim knew one more piece of information about her job.

One piece of information that no one knows.

Just yourself.

‘I am the sheriff!’

From there I started filling in the blanks.

Raebin Kim clasped his hands together.

The two men with the same name fought over the same job each claiming the other was a clown and he was a lawyer.

‘Let’s assume that whoever it is is using correct reasoning and telling the truth.’

If so the table can be easily completed.

He slowly remembered everyone’s testimony and matched people and occupations.

If you erase it using the erasing method…

“…”

There is only one space left.

He realized.

“…!”

Raebin Kim took a deep breath. And called a person’s name.

The remaining people.

“Brother Cheongwoo.”

“huh?”

Raebin Kim turned to him and remembered the ticket he had made.

It matches members and occupations.

——————=

1. Ryu Cheong-woo – ?

2. Bae Se-jin – lawyer (or clown)

3. Sun Ah-hyun – Detective

4. Lee Se-jin – Lawyer (or Clown)

5. Park Moon-dae – Undertaker

6. Kim Rae-bin – Sheriff

7. Cha Yu-jin – Doctor

——————=

If you fill it out like this you end up with one question mark.

And… there is one job left.

If you put it there it will look like this.

——————=

1. Liu Chengwu – Scholar

——————=

‘ah.’

In this case there is no contradiction in the professional testimony!

The first contradictory job information available.

‘This is where we have to start reasoning!’

Now I have to say it.

Raebin Kim opened his mouth resolutely.

“I am the sheriff.”

“…”

“So your brother is a scholar!”

“…!!”

“We matched all the professional testimonies. And… the only thing left is my brother.”

Raebin Kim explained the table he made diligently. I felt that the members were paying great attention to what they were saying.

“…That’s it!”

“…”

Raebin Kim took a breath.

‘Will you believe it?’

He looked around with eager eyes.

And… Park Moon-dae raised his hand.

“Wait a minute what is the probability that Bae Se-jin or Lee Se-jin are not clowns?”

“that…”

“It feels a little inaccurate to me. “Because there is no evidence.”

That can’t be possible.

Raebin Kim was shocked and was about to become depressed.

“for a moment.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin narrowed his eyes and intervened.

“Park Moon-dae… aren’t you protecting Ryu Cheong-wu? “It feels that way.”

“yes? “What do you mean…”

“That’s right.”

“…!”

Seon Ah-hyeon also calmly intervened.

“Originally if it were a liberal arts college I think I would have said… let’s think about it. Because Ravin said it with courage.”

“hmm. “They might be trying to deceive you.”

“Ravin…?”

“…”

Everyone was silent.

‘uh?’

Kim Rae-bin was a little embarrassed but Bae Se-jin nodded loudly.

“okay. If Ravine is the sheriff he must have been trying to pass off his job as a reporter because of some mission or ability. “Rather it’s easier for me to understand.”

“Sejin hyung…”

“Sheriff just sounds like a good job. “They probably tried to hide it because their role was like a police officer.”

Raebin Kim was very moved!

But Park Moon-dae was calm.

“yes. That’s why I hope this is true… If Cheong-woo is a scholar the culprit is immediately identified based on the exchange records.”

“what…?”

“Brother.”

“…!!”

3. Ryu Cheong-woo &lt;-&gt; Bae Se-jin

“Cheongwoo’s last exchange record is with Bae Sejin.”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned pale.

And Kim Rae-bin also realized this.

‘Then if we assume that Bae Se-jin is a clown… ’

Clown Bae Se-jin was first sacrificed and handed it over to scholar Liu Cheng-wu!

Everything fit exactly!

‘Oh my god.’

It was a moment when he was wondering whether he should prepare to shoot in embarrassment.

Someone raised their hand and shouted.

“That’s strange!”

“…!”

It was Cha Yu-jin.

The guy spoke clearly.

“Then Bae Se-jin would have opposed Kim Rae-bin’s story. “I don’t want to get caught.”

“…”

“But Sejin was the first to tell me to trust him. But Moon Dae was against it. So Moon Dae is more suspicious.”

“…”

“Isn’t it possible that Moon Dae exchanged cards in secret?”

“…!!”

iced coffee!

‘Yes if you secretly exchanged cards without telling anyone… ’

Kim Rae-bin who was trying to think like that soon realized the reality.

‘…uh?’

And then a small laugh was heard.

It was Park Moon-dae.

“It’s impossible.”

“…!!”

“As you all know the front door is right in the middle of the two accommodations. This means that it is impossible for people who want to exchange to access it without being detected.”

That’s right.

The front door was exactly in the center.

If two or more people approach there they will be spotted somehow!

Looking back at Cha Yu-jin Park Moon-dae kindly added something.

“If you try to exchange there it stands out. In fact if more than one person moved everyone monitored them.”

“…Umm.”

Park Moon-dae gave decisive testimony there.

“Besides I’ve never even gone to the front door.”

“what…?”

“After the mid-term inspection it was still in the same area where I started. “You saw it too Sejin.”

That’s right.

After checking whether there was a sacrifice token on the Holo card in the room where each person started during the mid-term inspection.

– Bae Se-jin Park Moon-dae and Kim Rae-bin.

The dorm where these three woke up.

Park Moon-dae did not deviate from that and continued his search.

“…Well why did you do that?”

“I was wondering if there was a way to get rid of bathroom ghosts.”

Park Moon-dae’s explanation that he wondered if the undertaker’s ability to communicate with the dead might be of use was smooth.

“Since my job is an undertaker I wondered if I could talk to ghosts.”

“omg.”

So the conclusion is this.

-Park Moon-dae has never approached the front door since the interim inspection and there is no coin.

therefore…

‘Brother Moon Dae has never attempted an exchange…!’

“In conclusion given the circumstances I am a person who cannot exchange cards.”

“…”

“I think this will convince everyone of my innocence.”

To begin with it was just heartache. Park Moon-dae added that and shrugged his shoulders.

‘…I can’t refute it.’

Raebin Kim looked to the side.

There was a person standing who revealed that his profession was a detective.

His eyes were wide open as if he was in shock.

‘This can’t be right.’

Raebin Kim spoke hastily deliberately trying to encourage him.

“Hey Ah-hyeon. In that case you should also be suspicious of other people who tried to exchange…”

“Oh no.”

“…!!”

“It’s possible. “Even the door…!”

Sun Ah-hyun muttered firmly with a pale face.

Park Mun-dae asked back without any agitation.

“By what means?”

“…”

“I’m sure you’re not going to talk about using a walkie-talkie or anything like that. “The production team is not stupid and could have put something so unfair into a guessing entertainment show.”

Sun Ah-hyun quietly shook her head.

And spoke.

“There’s no need to go to the front door.”

“…?”

“All you have to do is go to the entrance with Moon University’s card…!”

“…ah!!”

Bae Se-jin let out a moment of exclamation. You understand what it means.

And Sun Ah-hyun explained clearly.

“The person who wants to exchange can go to the front door with Park Moon-dae’s card…!”

“…!!”

“okay! And all you have to do is pretend to be passing through the front door and use both cards by yourself to exchange them quickly!”

“Ahhhh!”

The atmosphere heated up in an instant. Raebin Kim also blushed and raised his thumb.

“You are correct!”

“Thank you so much…!”

There is no need for the two of them to go there in person. Seon Ah-hyun smiled slightly after finding the loophole.

But Park Moon-dae… nodded.

“…?”

“That could be possible.”

‘You’re making an admission like this?’

Of course that couldn’t have been the case.

“Then anyone could have done that.”

“…!!”

“I think it’s possible if anyone but me passes the card to the other person.”

It was right.

“…”

For a moment there was silence again.

Lee Se-jin asked while holding back a sigh.

“…Does anyone remember who the members were who were loitering near the entrance?”

“…”

From here on it was a mystery again.

And in fact it was the same even if someone’s testimony came out.

Anyone could give false testimony.

Although everyone emotionally suspects Park Moon-dae to be the culprit they admit that there is nothing more to talk about.

Park Moon-dae was very good at refuting.

‘I see.’

So Raebin Kim realized something.

‘When there is no physical evidence you have to use your sheriff’s skills even more.’

Only then can one avoid the biggest risk that one might encounter during the investigation of the criminal\: the annihilation of the remaining five people.

‘I’m just verifying it with the sheriff’s abilities.’

Of course the risk was great. Because if you shoot the wrong criminal an innocent person could die.

And actually… in that case the sheriff dies too.

Raebin Kim remembered the next line of the rule explanation.

-If the sheriff shoots the wrong ‘criminal’ the innocent person will be immediately sacrificed.

-And the sheriff is also sacrificed together.

In other words the sheriff’s bullet… he was risking his own life to shoot it.

Still it would be better than pointing the finger at the wrong culprit and having everyone die!

‘Now is the time to try.’

Raebin Kim made up his mind.

And I raised my hand.

“…?”

“Raebin Kim?”

he shouted.

“The sheriff is shooting participant Park Moon-dae!”

“…!!”

At that moment a dazzling light effect appeared from the huge coffin in the center.
