---
title: "Chapter 491"
category: "book"
index: 490
section: "Chapter 491"
slug: "491"
---

# Chapter 491

Immediately after Sheriff Kim Rae-bin declared that he would shoot ‘Park Moon-dae’.

Jiing!

“Wow!”

“What?!”

Light exploded like a flashlight from the coffin.

The light followed the members round and round like a flashlight or a spotlight creating tension.

Ugh-

Then like roulette it finally stopped at one person.

-The sheriff shoots contestant Park Moon-dae!

Moon-Dae Park.

Right at the person you shot!

“…”

Raebin Kim swallowed his saliva.

Park Mun-dae expressionlessly looked at the light shooting out of the coffin.

Stifling silence filled the room.

and.

[bang!]

“omg!”

A harsh gunshot rang out and several members flinched.

And then the speaker exploded.

A mechanical sound announces.

[Correct answer.]

[The culprit is an undertaker.]

“…!!”

“Wow!!”

The light that was shooting at Park Moon-dae turned red.

[The sheriff shot the criminal.]

I even forgot to breathe.

It was a success…!

‘therefore… ’

Park Moon-dae was the culprit!

“Huh.”

Raebin Kim lost strength in his feet and almost fell.

“Raebin Kim!”

“Ravin what did you just do? “Is this a sheriff’s ability?”

“yes…”

“It’s amazing…!”

In an instant the atmosphere brightened with excitement.

“that! If there was such a thing I would just shoot them one by one at the start of the game!”

‘If you fail two people will die… ’

It was just as Kim Rae-bin was trying to explain that to Bae Se-jin whose face was red.

Before that Park Moon-dae smiled and shrugged his shoulders.

“yes. I lost. “Ravin is amazing.”

“…!!”

“It’s true that any of us can use the entrance trick with two cards by ourselves. Because I was the one who asked Chungwoo for that. “Everything is correct.”

“Huh oh oh!”

“That brother will also become a scholar.”

“Wow that’s awesome!”

oh my god.

Kim Rae-bin looked back at Ryu Cheong-woo. Liu Chengwu was smiling.

‘When exactly?’

It was then.

Park Mun-dae raised his hand and patted the back of Ravine’s head.

“There was no evidence but I figured it out. Good job.”

“Thank you…”

“So since there is no evidence for this Ravin’s job role was important~ This is awesome.”

Some members clicked their tongues as they recalled what had happened.

So Moon-Dae Park actually created an unprovable trick using only his brain without using any professional skills.

Seon Ah-hyeon who caught it accurately was also surprised.

“Ahyun played the detective role well.”

“Oh no…”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to look happy for a moment at the compliment but her face soon sank.

“Over there it’s Mundae. “I’m sorry… I handed over the sacrificial token to Mundae.”

“You probably didn’t know either.”

“but. There was a reason…”

“…?”

Sun Ah-hyun hesitated for a moment and then answered.

“As a detective… you can find out the other person’s occupation by exchanging cards.”

“…!”

“So I tried to find out what kind of job I had before telling Moon University about my job…”

‘iced coffee!’

I see! Brother A-Hyeon wanted to form an alliance with Brother Moon-Dae so he checked in advance.

Raebin Kim nodded in realization.

And the person involved Park Moon-dae also nodded.

“But suddenly an undertaker appears.”

“…”

“…Ugh.”

From there it became a mess.

Moon-Dae Park commented briefly.

“I must have doubted myself first.”

“Hahaha!”

The members burst out laughing.

The atmosphere became much lighter. Words were exchanged here and there as if the game was over.

“Brother it was great!”

“But you guys… when on earth did they exchange??”

“Please check that on the air.”

“haha.”

Liu Chengwu smiled humbly. Bae Se-jin’s face turned bright red.

“No and why on earth did you exchange with Park Moon-dae! “It was a suspicious request to anyone to ask me to do it secretly!”

“I’ll ask you to broadcast that too.”

“Ugh.”

“We will also watch on air to see who is the lawyer between you and Lee Se-jin.”

“What are you waiting for… it’s me!”

“Hey brother are you holding on until the end?”

“hey!”

Bae Se-jin huffed but didn’t seem to be in a bad mood. Because in the end I just laughed.

“Okay anyway… I succeeded!”

“yes.”

I don’t know if I can say that in front of the criminal I caught.

Anyway it was a moment when the atmosphere became softer and the tension eased.

Suddenly the lights in the room went off.

“…!”

And one by one the candles were lit again.

Dark red light.

And then it started blinking mercilessly.

“What is this again?!”

“Oh what a atmosphere!”

An eerie voice began to flow from the speaker.

[Please sacrifice the culprit the black sheep the undertaker.]

“…!”

While the glow of the LED candles turned dark red creating an eerie atmosphere low-quality string ensemble sounds began to flow from the speakers.

An orchestral sound like an amusement park theme song.

[Please burnt the culprit the black sheep the undertaker.]

[Please burnt the culprit the black sheep the undertaker.]

[100 seconds left.]

Kim Rae-bin’s heart skipped a beat.

* * *

Wow it kills the mood.

‘The art team must have worked hard.’

I felt the taste of capital.

I looked around for ways to properly create an atmosphere of fear. Everyone has a bad expression.

‘I’m leaving work.’

Thank you all for your hard work.

“Then I will go. “I hope you all survive until the end.”

“That…”

Liu Chengwu raised his hand.

“Oh me too?”

“Oh no!”

“…?”

Why not?

“The reason I shot Brother Mundae was also with the intention of saving the person who was the sacrifice!”

Kim Rae-bin began to enthusiastically say that if the sheriff finds the criminal the sacrifice will come back to life.

‘In other words instead of sacrifices criminals are thrown onto this pseudo-altar.’

Sheriff was a truly cost-effective job.

I thought it was a loss of balance but as I continued to listen to the explanation Raebin Kim would have exploded if he had pointed out the wrong culprit.

Well on my conscience I was glad it didn’t end up like that…

‘It would have been fun to fail in my guess and shoot someone else.’

No that’s true in entertainment.

It wouldn’t have been such fun if you suddenly found both of them dead at the beginning of the game without knowing what was going on.

Of course it would have been a guessing and wild show and it would have been a completely chaotic piece of entertainment but there was also popular demand for that.

‘I could have given you someone more bold.’

I clicked my tongue at the production team for not manipulating Bae Se-jin into going to the sheriff.

Well thanks to that it ended up like this.

‘Hmm.’

I tapped the coffin with my hand a few times with an ominous red light flowing through it.

Bang bang!

“Then how can I become a sacrifice?”

“Wow that’s creepy.”

Then as if in tune with the chuimsae… the coffin opened automatically.

I’m sorry.

“evil!”

Inside…

“It’s mom.”

“No… put someone here?”

It is a piece of wood with a miserable appearance as if blood has dried.

[60 seconds left.]

Along with that sound the BGM became more bizarre.

Originally the two of us were supposed to go in so I wouldn’t have been too scared of flirting but things turned out like this and I ended up going in alone.

Maybe that’s why the reactions around me changed a bit.

“Ah… this is more real than I thought?”

“Ugh it must be hard to be scared…”

“it’s okay. “What are you doing with this?”

There’s no real body so why make a fuss?

‘I’m going to get food coloring all over my body.’

“Let’s go in.”

I went into the coffin. It wasn’t as sticky as I thought.

‘You can also see an infrared camera over there.’

Well if it’s like this.

“I think this will be closed now… Is Mundaemun University really going to be okay?”

“Are you coming?”

What on earth are you looking at people like?

There’s no way anything would pop out of this narrow space. You can just open your eyes and just stay there.

I nodded with my fists clenched and soon the coffin lid closed.

Tootuk-thud.

The surroundings became dark along with a heavy sound.

But I could hear the sounds outside just fine.

‘It’s better that it’s not soundproof.’

I understood the situation outside as if I was just sitting there with my eyes closed.

First of all that strange mechanical sound coming from the speakers.

[Put a candle on the altar.]

“what??”

“I think we can just take the candles here! oh!”

The coffin rang slightly with a rustling sound. It seemed like the members were putting those strange red-hot LED candles on the coffin lid.

‘You’re asking me to do all kinds of things.’

I crossed my arms.

“what. Can I just upload it?”

“Ah the circle patterns here are the same as the shape of the candle stand?”

“Well then let’s put it up there.”

“OK! “We need 7 candles!”

Soon several vibrations and the sound of moving steps were heard outside the coffin.

“Is it right to do this?”

And after a short silence.

[Burnt offering!]

“Ugh.”

Suddenly a gloomy shout as if several people were speaking together was heard from the speaker and the sound of the wind began to swirl.

And the surroundings became more noisy.

“evil!”

“Oh my…! What the!”

‘Did the bathroom ghost escape?’

Rather it was honey that came into this coffin. It was my moment to nod.

Weeing-

“…?”

A small sound rang out along with vibration from somewhere nearby.

The sound of an engine or device operating.

…It’s right by my bedside.

“…”

what.

I turned my head. But there was nothing to be seen in the pitch-black darkness.

‘then.’

I stretched out my hand and headed towards the sound.

That time when you feel the rich pigment and wood at your fingertips and slowly move to the side.

Sweet.

“…!!”

for a moment.

‘It feels like I pressed a button or something… ’

It was that moment.

“Aaaah!”

“What is this!?”

Another violent reaction began to be heard outside. And I gritted my teeth too.

‘This crazy production crew!’

The coffin was shaking!

‘what.’

And after 2 seconds.

The floor of the coffin I was lying in began to move downward like an elevator.

“…?!”

Where are we going?

* * *

Testa’s death survival game.

-turned

As soon as the trailer came out fans got excited.

Indiscriminate mystery survival entertainment!

Anyone can see that the atmosphere of fear is chilling which further fuels people’s imagination.

-What is it about a pseudo-religion? It’s a feeling

-Yes the weather is still so hot that it’s perfect to see something scary haha.

-You can only see the voting results live on TV?ㅠㅠ How can we wait for two weeks…

And as if responding to the response a new video appeared before half a day had passed.

-New trailer is out (link)

It was a trailer that showed the members’ surprised expressions embarrassed reactions and all kinds of crazy effects in short cut scenes.

An exciting thrill with a clear concept!

[The first sacrifice token you receive is determined by the votes of your sponsors.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Sponsor…?]

[Voting results from fans who love you]

Moreover what they voted on just half a day ago is even shown in the trailer!

-Oh I’m going crazy.

-I really think the kid we voted for is going to die. ㅠㅠ

The people who were so immersed worked hard and worked overtime to create a short trailer that ended with huge subtitles.

[Coming soon]

Fans screamed again at the subtitle that appeared along with the live broadcast time notification.

[Authentic Death Survival]

[How many Testa members will survive?]

-Ahhhh

– look at the scale

-The kids’ expressions look like they’re really immersed in it. It’s already fun.

Fans who like this kind of thing left comments like crazy feeling helpless from the dopamine stimulation.

And a week later.

-The pre-release of Mundae is here!!

The teasers that were released one by one for each Testa member have finally come to Park Moon-dae’s turn.

-Oh I will memorize this BGM.

-My heart is racing

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠI wanted to see you use your head. Oh I love it.

So far strategic image teasers have been released to introduce the suspenseful genre entertainment so Park Moon-dae’s fans also clicked on the video in anticipation of such a scene…

In just 3 seconds the magnificent video BGM suddenly disappears and the screen changes dramatically.

-??

A character who appears with a somewhat clumsy funny but soulful solo recorder BGM.

It was Park Moon-dae who was opening his profile in bed.

The narration was laid out.

[Park Moon-dae\: Being a doctor is a good job.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I think we can save the members.]

-Oh I guess he’s a doctor at Mundae University.

-Oh wait a minute Eugene is also a doctor?

└?? What is it? Jjinim?

People were puzzled!

However Park Moon-dae who was perusing the profile with a serious expression stopped the moment he turned the next page.

[?]

He looked at the back page and then quickly flipped to the front page quickly checking the documents back and forth.

And then I burst out laughing.

[her…]

A huge exclamation point appears above Park Mun-dae and displays his profile.

Leading the way.

[Your occupation is a doctor.]

And the back page.

[Now please add a modifier in front of it.]

[page]

-???

[You are an undertaker.]

It was a sudden drip.

On the screen Park Moon-dae pointed his forehead.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Why is Park Moon-dae the only entertainer to be convinced of?

-No Mundaengdang haha Tibet again haha.

-Isn’t it a scam? Testa is also a star so it makes sense that the undertaker is also a doctor.

└Crazy guy hahahahaha

[Park Moon-dae\: I knew then.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I believed it but I was fooled again.]

Interview cuts have been inserted.

Behind Park Moon-dae who was looking into space the image of Park Moon-dae who had been deceived in Testa’s own entertainment shows passed translucently…

– Hahahahahahahahaha

It was funnier because he was an intelligent character.

The mournful recorder touched my heart.

and.

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t believe I’m being caught again like this.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t do it because it’s unfair.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I have to catch it too.]

Park Moon-dae chose to move forward quickly.

-…???

-What is this?

And the first introduction scene.

Park Moon-dae spoke confidently.

[I am a doctor.]

[Park Moon-dae\: That’s how it happened.]

-???Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-You crazy guy.

That’s how Park Moon-dae’s massive doctor troll began.

At least that’s how it seemed to people.

There was only one week left until Park Moon-dae who had positioned himself as a comedy character with confidence was revealed as the culprit at the last minute and viewers screamed in betrayal.
