---
title: "Chapter 492"
category: "book"
index: 491
section: "Chapter 492"
slug: "492"
---

# Chapter 492

Testa’s Death Game Survival.

The long-awaited live broadcast.

[We state that the people products and organizations that appear in this program are fictitious and have nothing to do with reality.]

The program began by creating an atmosphere with a very meaningful phrase.

and.

[Bae Se-jin\: What the hell is this place… is this our accommodation?]

One by one the members woke up in the same gaming room as Testa’s previous dorm.

Of course even though the set is eerie the fact that it recreates the dormitories of first-tier idols in an extremely similar way is also a selling point.

-oh

-Is this a crazy real Testa accommodation?

-amazing

-Is this a true story where a house is revealed through a horror show?

Since Testa had already moved to another place and there was no burden of invasion of privacy fans’ interest soared without hesitation.

And this background was a good device for immersing oneself in the members’ shoes.

[Kim Rae-bin\:… the light does not come on.]

-Oh I’m already scared.

-I would be really surprised if I suddenly woke up in my previous accommodation.

-The kids seem to be creeped out by Jjin?

It was main writer Ryu Seo-rin’s plan.

‘A program like this should start by making people understand exactly how the characters feel.’

Since Ryu Seo-rin who attaches great importance to the narrative and the character’s perspective was the main writer the editing points were also similar.

First of all the circumstances of the three people were openly shown.

‘It’s a signal to immerse yourself in this.’

The first one is Bae Se-jin a lawyer.

[Bae Se-jin\: ‘Your profession is a lawyer.’]

[Bae Se-jin\: And the job mission… ‘Make three or more people believe in my job and abilities.’]

Here Bae Se-jin played the role of the main character.

This is because viewers also knew as much information as Bae Se-jin as they knew what kind of job the lawyer character had in the first place.

[Bae Se-jin\: I am a lawyer… and I know what jobs there are.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: !!]

Viewers either believed or doubted the members from the perspective of Bae Se-jin who was carrying out the mission.

-Hey Raebin Kim why do you call yourself a reporter? There’s no reporter on the job list.

-It feels uncomfortable;

-How many people did you tell just now? After Mundae Ahyeon and now Cheongwoo?

└Ahyeon is a bit strong…

In this way the direction of viewers’ suspicion is naturally adjusted.

And when Bae Se-jin’s point of view becomes boring a second character’s point of view appears.

This is doctor Cha Yu-jin.

[Bae Se-jin\: Guys!]

Cha Yoo-jin described how the four people in the dorm proceeded immediately after the dramatic encounter at the entrance with another dorm team.

-Wow I’m writing that when I open the front door I’m not escaping but I’m scared to come back to the same dorm… Wait a minute is this lodging really bombed? Why are you like this lol

-They completely changed their accommodations.

-Does the fact that Eugene is a doctor mean that he doesn’t make patients by crushing his enemies?

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Breaking down the amazing door of quarterback Eugene’s car!

-Hey how can you form a team and divide it like this? If you tie Baemun Lab and four of them together the balance and exploration skills will be poor haha.

And there was one more role for Cha Yu-jin.

-I’m curious about Eugene’s reaction when he meets a fake doctor haha.

That’s right.

The last member whose occupation the production team told viewers about from the beginning.

[Park Moon-dae (undertaker) ← impersonating a doctor]

…Park Moon-dae who has been caught as an undertaker and is running a scam as a doctor.

By openly revealing the doctor Cha Yu-jin the relationship between fake and real is also clearly illuminated.

Of course it was thoroughly edited for humor.

– Hahahahahahahahaha

-Are you crazy for trolling?

Park Moon-dae was telling all kinds of people how to be a doctor but Cha Yu-jin who is a real doctor was lucky enough to not say anything which caused people to burst into laughter.

It seemed as if the role was to ventilate the heavy and persistent atmosphere.

[Park Moon-dae\: I am a doctor.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hmm I see.]

[Cha Yujin ← I didn’t hear it!]

Cha Yu-jin who was passing by the two people having a conversation said ‘← I didn’t hear you!’ The thing floating around with subtitles was a gag from a genre of entertainment full of tension.

– Hahahahahahahahaha

-Hey I wonder when Cha Yu-jin will catch it haha.

-Ah I’m avoiding this haha.

‘Mundae is cute!’

A graduate student who was unable to watch episodes 1 and 2 that were released simultaneously here and was barely catching up with the progress on WeTube was watching it that way.

Of course the reason I couldn’t see the actual show was because I was rotting away in the lab working hard to become a Cheokcheok doctor not a Cheokcheok master…

‘I have to pass the thesis examination next year and get a job!’

So her goal was to use that money to travel the world by following Testa’s world tour.

But for now I felt good just watching Testa’s content on this sweet weekend.

She rolled over on the bed once.

‘This genre…? ‘It’s my first time watching a variety show.’

Fortunately the production team clearly indicated the occupations and exchanges with pictures so it was easier to understand.

…although it was a bit scary to see the red sheep skull popping up.

[※When exchanging a card using the front door device※]

[※Each job remains the same and only transfers the sacrifice token to the opponent※]

‘Oh so the person chosen by the viewers is not immediately eliminated but the cards are exchanged? Through that we can pass each other over.’

She realized roughly and nodded. In the end as the offerings were exchanged the last person caught died.

Of course what I was curious about was this.

‘So what profession did viewers choose?’

Surprisingly a cut was inserted right before the question was asked.

[Wait a moment here]

“…??”

[Special preview only for viewers!]

[The occupation of the sacrifice you voted for in advance is…]

“Uh huh?”

Huge letters popped up on the screen.

[Detective – 20347 votes]

“omg!”

The graduate student was momentarily embarrassed.

‘Can I tell you this?’

Or rather who is the detective?

“Well first of all except for Eugene the undertaker who is asking questions and Se-jin Bae who is a doctor is a lawyer…”

He was one of the other four members!

[Detective candidates\: Ryu Cheong-woo Sun Ah-hyeon Lee Se-jin Kim Rae-bin]

[Who is the detective?]

It was a moment of nodding to the production team who created and showed me a four-quarter face cut.

“…?”

The screen changed again.

[※Announcement of correct answer※]

Huh?

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I see. Ahyeon is a detective.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: And the viewers chose a detective.]

“…??”

It’s mid-term inspection time.

To the scene of Liu Chengwu reading his tablet.

[Detective\: Seon Ah-hyun / ※1st place in voting※]

And Ryu Cheong-woo’s profile document is cross-edited.

“…!”

[scholar]

[The scholar can know the first occupation chosen as a sacrifice and information about the participants with that occupation.]

[However scholars cannot talk about their jobs and abilities.]

That’s right.

Scholar Liu Chengwu.

Due to his professional skills he already knew during the mid-term inspection that Sun Ah-hyeon was a detective and that she had been selected as a sacrifice.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Then the door that Ahyeon and I exchanged cards with is now a sacrifice.]

And the sacrificial token was handed over to Park Moon-dae!

Liu Chengwu knows everything.

People were excited about that hot route!

-Wow it’s crazy.

-Ryu Cheong-woo knows everything but can’t say it lol

-If this happens Cheong-woo will have to carry the case at trial but the key is whether the kids will believe what Cheong-woo says.

└But I can’t tell you how I knew.

-Anyway it’s a guess. I figured it out. Should I insist that I’m right?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

People chewed popcorn with excitement anticipating Liu Chengwu’s hardships and hard carry.

And after the interim inspection was over.

[Park Moon-dae\: Eugene did you find gold again?]

[Cha Yujin\: Yeap!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Hmm… there isn’t much left until the end so if I don’t use it it will disappear.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Wow…]

Park Moon-dae appeared and created a strange humorous atmosphere.

He made Cha Yu-jin’s assumption that ‘if you don’t use the gold now it will disappear’ as a fait accompli and gently coaxed him into suggesting a card exchange.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Then will you trade with me?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Um… are you sure it’s not you?]

[Cha Yujin\: Yes!]

[Park Moon-dae\:… Good. Then believe it and do it.]

[LOL]

The fake doctor caught the real doctor!

Successfully handing over the bomb!

-lol

-Goodbye Cha Yu-jin!

-The undertaker is even defrauding the real doctor.

-Ah Park Moon-dae this shameless dog even spent Cha Yu-jin’s money to exchange cards haha.

however.

[End of exchange]

[Professions that currently have the sacrifice mark]

[※scholar※]

-???

-What is this?

-Why is Cheongwoo a sacrifice?;;

When it was revealed that scholar Ryu Cheong-wu was the sacrifice the viewers’ grill was thrown into chaos again.

-What?

-Wait a minute who was the person you exchanged with Cheongwoo at the end?

└Bae Se-jin

└…? You’re lawyer Bae Se-jin what are you talking about?

└ㅇㅇI would have only exchanged it with Cheongwoo;;;

And in the midst of the chaos the members began to suspect each other and entered into a full-fledged detective phase in order to find the ‘black sheep’ who was the last to hand over the sacrifice.

The viewers were also guessing.

-So Bae Se-jin is the black sheep? At the end Cheongwoo traded with Bae Sejin.

└I’m not sure. Maybe we just didn’t show a few exchanges. Do we see a twist or two in the Testa variety show?

– No in the first place Park Moon-dae handed it over to Cha Yu-jin but why is it suddenly in Ryu Cheong-woo’s hands?

It was then.

[Bae Se-jin\: Wait! I have something to say first.]

Among the members who were trying to reason around the altar Bae Se-jin began to work hard to solve the introduction by revealing his occupation.

-That’s right let’s tell you everything now.

-You’re good at your mission haha.

– Helpful in reasoning about Sejin’s lawyer job mission. Good boy good boy.

Because it was something viewers had seen several times it was time to relieve some of the tension and calm down.

Sejin Lee broke in.

[Lee Se-jin\: It’s strange. I’m a lawyer?]

-yes??

-I don’t know anymore you Testa bastards.

-Not only Park Moon-dae is deceiving Lee Se-jin is also deceiving.

-Sejin kekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekekeke.

That was when all the people who believed it was Lee Se-jin’s trolling turned around.

Bae Se-jin with a serious face was suddenly brought into close-up.

And the interview is inserted.

[Bae Se-jin\: When Lee Se-jin said she was a lawyer.]

[Bae Se-jin\: I knew then.]

-?

-What do you know?

-Sejin?

[Bae Se-jin\: I may have mistaken my occupation.]

-??

[Bae Se-jin\: I also knew a little bit about the characteristics of each job. however…]

There is a flashback of Bae Se-jin carefully reading her profile document.

And then there was a close-up of the document.

Edit a spotlight on a job in the job information section.

-clown\: imitating other people’s occupations

[Bae Se-jin\: This is me.]

“…!”

[Bae Se-jin\: As I listened to Lee Se-jin’s story I thought my skills were a bit too much for a lawyer.]

[Bae Se-jin\: I think I am mistakenly thinking that I am a lawyer.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Then since you were mistaken you automatically imitate the lawyer.]

At the scene there was a natural scene where Bae Se-jin angrily retorted to Lee Se-jin and expressed frustration by saying that she was a lawyer.

After that the narrations overlapped.

[Bae Se-jin\: There is no evidence but yes. I felt like I was a clown.]

-Mimimi crazy

-Ouch

Everyone was astonished.

-This is the acting skills of a genius child actor haha.

-I’m really tired.

-Oh aren’t you crazy?? Bae Se-jin must be crazy

Meanwhile Bae Se-jin was insisting on screen that he was an innocent lawyer as if possessed.

-So Sejin Lee is a talented lawyer?

└First of all Bae Se-jin believes that but is still doing it haha.

└It turned

-Wow even though I know everything Bae Se-jin looks really unfair haha.

It was the actor’s power.

In the midst of that shock the broadcast gained new momentum and continued forward.

The mentality of ‘someone might hit me in the back again!’

And the moment when after much reasoning and reasoning the criminal’s trick was finally revealed it was the moment that made the backs of viewers’ heads hurt the most.

Exactly… because that was Park Moon-dae.

[yes. I lost. Ravin is amazing.]

The undertaker who seemed to be humorously trolling the whole time!

-I’m going crazy…

-You made me laugh for this reason.

-They let us off guard and committed such heinous acts.

Viewers who had exhausted all their energy could no longer laugh.

-When trying to deduce that the exchange between Mundae and Yujin at the last minute must have been a fake I wanted to make the movement of the sacrificial offering back and forth more confusing.

└ㅋIt’s awesome really.

-Wow then Ryu Cheong-woo also exchanged with Bae Se-jin first to confuse people and then received a sacrificial bomb from Park Moon-dae?

└No why would he want to become a sacrifice? Haha isn’t this person just deceived?

└How can you be tricked by doing the trick of taking both cards by yourself? I think it’s true that he cooperated…

And the overly engrossed fans started pouring out long speculations like crazy.

It was then.

The narration was laid out.

[Park Moon-dae\: I think it went well.]

-??

-I got caught what are you talking about?

Park Moon-dae’s interview was inserted and the scene suddenly stopped.

And the screen suddenly changes with the effect of a film running.

[◀◀◀]

[Park Moon-dae’s room at the start of filming]

In the scene that went back Park Moon-dae was seen reading his own profile.

Park Moon-dae tilted his head.

[Park Moon-dae\: Criminal?]

And there was a close-up of the undertaker’s backstory in the profile that was not shown to viewers.

[The undertaker is the ‘culprit’ of this incident.]

-criminal?

-Isn’t the culprit the black sheep? Who passed the sacrificial bomb in the end?

└That is decided during the game. Why do they say that the undertaker is the culprit at the beginning?

The cut changes again amidst the viewer’s mental breakdown.

This time during the mid-term inspection.

[Your card is ‘Sacrifice Token’.]

[Current Lamb\: Moon-Dae Park]

The tablet showed a new explanation to Park Moon-dae who realized that he had received a sacrificial bomb from Sun Ah-hyeon.

To ensure a smoother game a warning message is shown only to the class that is in charge of the sacrificial bomb at the time of mid-maintenance maintenance.

[Caution]

[A person who sacrifices an innocent person becomes a ‘black sheep.’]

[The black sheep may pay for its sins.]

The interviews intersected.

[Park Moon-dae\: That’s when I realized it.]

[Park Moon-dae\: When you throw a bomb around as an offering at the end… the person who gave it not the person who received it may be ruined.]

Park Moon-dae\: And one more thing.]

The narration of Park Moon-dae being interviewed is overlaid on the footage of him flipping through a tablet.

On the screen Park Moon-dae smiled slightly.

[Park Moon-dae\: Oh the criminal and the black sheep are separate.]

That’s right.

So the criminal and the black sheep that the sheriff had to shoot were originally separate people…!

[Park Moon-dae\: But if these two are the same person… then only that person has to die.]

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s easy to reason.]

-omg

So Park Moon-dae’s operation began.

[Park Moon-dae\: I have to become the black sheep.]

It was a crazy utilitarian idea.

The graduate student covered his mouth.
