---
title: "Chapter 493"
category: "book"
index: 492
section: "Chapter 493"
slug: "493"
---

# Chapter 493

‘I will eat both the culprit and the black sheep!’

After deciding on the route Park Mun-dae moved without hesitation.

The first action he took after an interim inspection that confirmed that he had received a sacrificial bomb was…

It was the recruitment of Ryu Cheong-woo.

[Park Moon-dae\: Bro I found some gold.]

Of course at this time Ryu Cheong-woo already knew that Park Moon-dae had received the sacrificial bomb from detective Seon Ah-hyun.

In other words it was impossible to cheat!

-No why?

– Hey it’s a talent to take pictures of people who know everything haha.

-How did you seduce me?

Park Moon-dae’s interview was inserted.

[Park Moon-dae\: Seeing that he couldn’t talk about his job I thought it must be a tough job so I tried to recruit him.]

[Park Moon-dae\: But it wasn’t.]

After the narration Ryu Cheong-woo responded to the suggestion with a gentle smile.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Mundae. Are you trying to exchange it because a sacrifice symbol appears on your card during the mid-term maintenance?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes? What is that…]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Looking at the reaction it’s true.]

-There was no reaction.

-Yes the answer is decided just answer and you are the sacrifice no matter what~ haha.

The reactions of viewers giggling and Park Moon-dae narrowing his eyes on the screen were mixed.

[Park Moon-dae\: Brother.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Huh?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Why are you so sure?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I was just guessing.]

Park Moon-dae also noticed this at this point.

[Park Moon-dae\: Is this your job skill? For some reason he couldn’t reveal his occupation.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\:…]

Another interview was inserted there.

Park Moon-dae’s face was unfazed as he nodded.

[Park Moon-dae\: We changed the route there.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Of course what is important is sincerity. Let’s be sincere.]

-yes?

-What are you talking about?

-When did fraud become real?

And in the screen that came back Park Moon-dae really hit it ‘sincerely’.

[Park Moon-dae\: But actually I have a proposal that will benefit you whether you lose or win.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hmm?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Listen.]

Park Moon-dae enthusiastically revealed the outlines of his plan.

An explanation of the culprit and the black sheep and even the benefits of having them be the same person!

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s easy after that.]

When Park Moon-dae and Ryu Cheong-woo do not get caught the fun of genre entertainment comes alive thanks to their amazing tricks.

And what if Park Moon-dae gets caught?

‘It is possible to clear the game with minimal sacrifice.’

Either way it was refreshing.

[Park Moon-dae\: (Ryu Cheong-woo) is very good at getting over things like this.]

After Park Moon-dae’s interview was laid out like a narration.

Liu Chengwu on the screen nodded as if he had heard the narration.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: It seems like a good idea and fun. good.]

That’s how Liu Chengwu joined as a colleague!

-no

-These fun gamers are really

And the two began to tangle their paths.

They intentionally exchanged each other openly before and after their exchange.

Ryu Cheong-woo exchanged with Bae Se-jin first and Park Moon-dae exchanged with Cha Yu-jin just before the end.

And Liu Chengwu who was quick to avoid their exchange being discovered approached the front door alone.

Then I opened the door all the way moved it to the outskirts out of my peripheral vision and finished it by dealing two cards and gold in succession in 2 or 3 seconds.

No one saw it.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Well if Moon Dae had just said that he would die alone he wouldn’t have listened.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Instead of giving up so easily he was really determined and tried to use a trick. That was good.]

As Ryu Cheong-woo said it was a perfect trick that could make anyone a suspect without a single eyewitness account except for those with a deep suspicion.

-If it weren’t for Sun Ah-hyun’s reasoning and Kim Rae-bin’s actions it would have been destroyed.

-How do you know this?

-Is this a real story about the level of brain fighting in Idol Jacon?

And with only Park Moon-dae’s weak feelings remaining Seon Ah-hyeon’s reasoning and Sheriff Kim Rae-bin’s determination dramatically combine to finally catch him!

[Park Moon-dae\: Thanks to (Sheriff Ravin) Chung-woo also survived.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Thank you. The minimum number of people were eliminated.]

Park Moon-dae who was interviewed with a grinning smile had a cool and confident face unlike someone who was eliminated.

-Anyway I won haha.

-Wow even if you lose you win!

-Yes I don’t know about walkie-talkies~ I don’t know about bathroom ghosts~ I caught the culprit and cleared the way. Good job to the production crew.

-Guys I’m leaving work~ Ah I’ve selected all the episodes haha.

The page was continuously updated with comments that reflected the excitement.

And on the screen although strange BGM was playing from the speakers and people were shouting burnt offerings Park Moon-dae said his goodbyes in a more cheerful mood than before.

And then I entered the coffin-shaped altar lightly as if I had come home from work refreshed.

It was the moment when other members placed seven candles in bizarre patterns above them.

[Woowoo-]

An explosion of noise erupted along with a swirling sound!

-omg

-?

-I’m scared of dogs

-What is the effect?;;;

Inside a dark and eerie room.

A real fire was burning on top of the terrifying bloody coffin that Park Mun-dae entered…!

[Bae Se-jin\: Park Moon-dae!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Are you okay Mundae?!]

It was invisible to the eye as a magic low-temperature flame with only a flashy effect. Fans watched the radical and shocking cut with their mouths covered.

And after the lights go out.

When the members hurriedly opened the coffin at the altar…

-omg…

The inside of the coffin was empty.

All that’s left is five or six pieces of gold that look like old money.

-ㅠㅠㅠ

-Oh this is so realistic.

-scared

In an instant the atmosphere became cold again.

The members seemed shocked but the game was not over.

A dark low bell rings slowly and a narration murmurs.

[Undertaker Burnt Offering]

[Undertaker Burnt Offering]

And it continues.

[A new sign of sacrifice has come down.]

[You can change the fate of the offering by exchanging cards.]

[Also starting from this game exchanges are possible even if the opponent does not have a card. You can select a job on the screen and scroll through it.]

A new game has begun with new rules that encourage disruption.

-Do we really have to keep doing this until a certain number of people die…?

-Wow I’m scared.

-The kids’ expressions are all stiff;;

In this way Episodes 1 and 2 which were broadcast simultaneously ended with a lot of immersion.

‘I’m really crazy… ’

The graduate student who finished the walk without being able to breathe swallowed his saliva and reflected on the achievements of the College of Arts.

What impressed Moon Dae the most about this episode wasn’t just because he was a fan!

‘Ah but it’s a shame that the College of Liberal Arts was eliminated so quickly.’

Could it be that it doesn’t come out again?

Originally I had no interest in this genre of entertainment so I felt like the fun would be cut in half if the reason I watched it the liberal arts department didn’t show up.

When a graduate student was mindlessly watching the credits go up feeling a little disappointed…

[??? \: Someone please die quickly.]

Suddenly a trailer came out.

“…?”

wireless set.

A cut to a crackling sound coming from a blood-stained walkie-talkie whose use has not been revealed until now!

[Kim Rae-bin\: Argh!]

[Bae Se-jin\: What?!]

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssss.

-The ghost finally comes out?

People were in an uproar.

And on the screen a white straight-boned hand holding a walkie-talkie appears…

and.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Moon Dae-ya…?]

The trailer ended with guessing the identity of the radio’s voice!

-??

-omg

-Park Moon-dae?

-Isn’t it a ghost?

“…”

The graduate student immediately watched the video and listened to the trailer one more time carefully.

And immediately went to his subscription SNS.

‘I feel like I got hit by a doormat!’

I have a firm belief that someone has corrected the sound quality!

Minutes later her faith was rewarded in a post that was shared more than 10000 times.

-This crazy thing looks like it’s getting hit (corrected video)

And episode 3 aired a few days later.

The people who sat down on the table with interest wondering about the purpose of the walkie-talkie…

-???

-This is a coffin with a gate.

– gasp

I was able to clearly see the view of the infrared camera that illuminated Park Mun-dae as he entered the coffin.

-It seems like he’s scared of Mundae.

-Oh this makes me a bit nervousㅠㅠ

People were sweating as they watched Park Mun-dae listen carefully to the sound and press the button above his head.

And the scene where the coffin was moved down was full of comments.

-omg

-Going down

-what

-Where are you taking me?

This is the place where Park Mun-dae went down as if he was being dragged.

That place…

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Accommodation?]

This is Testa’s former accommodation.

In other words it had the same structure as the upper floor but instead of a room that looked like a pseudo-religious altar an altar that looked like a coffin rose in the center of Sejin Lee’s room.

Moreover the room was as dark as a coffin…

It might have been possible to get there but there was a crucial difference.

as soon as.

[Park Moon-dae\: Blood…]

There was a huge thick trail of blood that seemed to have been dragged from the coffin to the door.

-It’s mom.

-Ughhhhh

And the blood was connected to the door complete with a red-faced sheep skull pattern.

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

A few seconds of silence passed.

It was only after that that Park Moon-dae carefully took a step toward that door.

bang-!

[Park Moon-dae\: !!]

The coffin in the middle of the room rose again making a loud noise and the lights briefly flickered.

And the door opened automatically.

Mei profit-

-Please save me

-No what should I do with the door ㅋㅋㅋㅠㅠㅠ

-This was really good ㅅㅂ

The door opened and onto the exposed living room floor… there was a trace of blood that looked like it had been dragged.

Park Mun-dae who had reached for the door stopped in that position.

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[↑Looks like he fainted while standing…]

It was supposed to be a funny subtitle but fans laughed and screamed.

Finally I started begging the sheriff.

-Ravin let’s not save Cheongwoo. Let’s cancel. Let’s burn it together.

-The radio was correct. Please someone die quickly. Let’s sacrifice either Ahyeon or Cheongwoo.

-Oh shit what should I do is this like the afterlife? What is it??ㅠㅠㅠ

-Why is everyone making such a fuss?

└He is the scariest among the testersㅠㅠ

Fans who already knew that Park Moon-dae was weak to fear were restless but Park Moon-dae silently moved on in his own way on screen.

And an object was found in the living room hallway right next to the blood-stained floor.

[Park Moon-dae\:… walkie-talkie?]

-no way

– gasp

-Are you writing this here?

Park Moon-dae slowly stretched out his hand and picked up the walkie-talkie.

And his ability was not just verbal but was broadcast for the first time as a formal profile.

[Undertaker job ability\: Can make the living and the dead communicate.]

Park Mun-dae pressed the radio button.

The beeping signal went off. And the moment Park Moon-dae put the walkie-talkie to his mouth…

[Park Moon-dae\: If anyone stops by]

[Park Moon-dae\: Someone please die quickly.]

-????

-?

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

The atmosphere was instantly relieved by the earnest sincerity.

Park Moon-dae ‘Things have changed haven’t they? He may have made the excuse ‘I did it for the sake of a quick investigation’ but the image of a scaremonger who had already been caught only made it look like an honest blunder.

[Park Moon-dae\: Just kidding]

-It wasn’t a joke haha.

-Anyone can see that it’s serious

Viewers flirted.

But at that moment the atmosphere changed completely.

[Park Moon-dae\:… Remember.]

The funny sound effects and subtitles disappeared.

Moon-Dae Park held the radio tightly and quickly delivered the message in a low voice without any pitch.

[Park Moon-dae\: Do not enter a locked bathroom.]

A violin sound as gloomy as the sound of the wind and an eerie drum sound were played as background music.

Soaring music.

-uh

-Wait a minute.

Park Moon-dae raised his head.

The scene changes as if the camera rotates with the movement.

Blood stains on the floor.

It gradually became darker and turned into blood and it led to the bathroom.

And it was covering the bathroom door.

-Quaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

-Don’t open the door don’t open it.

-Oh crazyㅠㅠㅠ

-Open it quickly haha.

-This is a ghost angle.

A real-time chat window filled with excitement and excitement mixed with curiosity fear and worry.

On the screen the camera focused on Park Moon-dae again.

[Park Moon-dae\: And the button on the coffin…]

[Park Moon-dae\:… cut off.]

He slowly lowered the radio which had no signal even when he pressed the button.

And his cut ended with him taking a deep breath and raising his head again.

[LAMB]

The program opened with a powerful performance but viewers were still rolling around in shock.

-What should I do with my child?

-I think I had a nightmare that day.

-I died alone after going through the non-slaughter route and now I get paid to experience the fun horror.

└Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssst

– Looking for Moon University party members. Condition\: must die

People who were shocked by the existence of the afterlife(?) became immersed and started watching the program again.

‘Did the other members properly receive Park Moon-dae’s radio?’

And fortunately salvation came not too late.

30 minutes after the program.

[The sound…?]

The coffin moved anew. and…

[Lee Se-jin\: Mundae?]

[Bae Se-jin\: Hey Park Moon-dae!]

The next ones to come down the altar were… Sejin with the same name!

[Park Moon-dae\:…!!]

It was the moment when the signal that the program was reaching its climax was set off.
