---
title: "Chapter 494"
category: "book"
index: 493
section: "Chapter 494"
slug: "494"
---

# Chapter 494

Around the time when Park Moon-dae was suffering in a bloody afterlife(?) accommodation.

Above the game was in full swing again.

[A sacrifice mark was placed on one of the participants’ cards.]

But this time the atmosphere changed a bit.

‘They say they get bored if they do the same thing over and over again.’

But if you change the format doesn’t the viewer have to understand it from the beginning?

So what writer Ryu Seo-rin changed was the tempo.

Speedrun.

[Time limit\: 30 minutes]

[Participants who do not exchange cards at least once will be immediately burned.]

“omg.”

If you do not participate in the sacrificial bomb distribution you are automatically eliminated!

In the end unlike the first game where cards were exchanged secretly as if it were a maneuver everyone actively and openly resorted to scheming.

You could even select the job you wanted to exchange by just swiping your card on the machine at the front door so you no longer needed the other person’s consent.

in result.

[The occupations that currently have the sacrifice mark are…]

[I am a ‘lawyer.’]

[!!!!]

People with the same name who had been pulling their hair out and fighting each other claiming they were lawyers got along well.

And the comedy explodes during the mystery part.

[Bae Se-jin\: Yes actually I am a clown…]

[Lee Se-jin\: You were too upset when you were accused of being a clown to say something like that.]

[Bae Se-jin\:…?]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes actually I was a clown!]

[Bae Se-jin\: Hey!]

When the lawyer appeared as a sacrifice the two changed their stance and started claiming that they were clowns!

And this time on the contrary they both committed suicide while fighting claiming that each other was a lawyer.

[Bae Se-jin\: So I chose a lawyer during the card exchange! The third record is mine. If I were a lawyer in the first place there is no way I would have chosen myself…]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Ah.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Why?!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Sejin I think you just confessed that you traded with a lawyer…]

[Bae Se-jin\:…!?]

[Lee Se-jin\: It’s awesome.]

So the lawyer and the clown entered the coffin together.

[Lee Se-jin\: You talk too much when you’re angry.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Shut up.]

-Is this the taste of trolls?

– Haha that’s so funny.

-Mundae\: You came to save me!

Sejiniz\: No we fought among ourselves.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

And thanks to Lee Se-jin’s actions who did not forget the radio’s advice they pressed the coffin bedside button and fell directly into the afterlife(?)!

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

As soon as the coffin came down Park Moon-dae rushed over in a joyous gasp and received all of this ridiculous entertainment-type story…

[Park Moon-dae\: (Tibetan expression)]

[Park Moon-dae\: So which of the two was the clown? Since he’s dead anyway feel free to say it.]

In the end I asked the question that would answer everyone’s curiosity.

And the two finally opened their mouths with serious expressions.

[Bae Se-jin\: I’m a clown but…]

[Lee Se-jin\: I was a clown…]

[Bae Se-jin\: ?]

[Lee Se-jin\: ??]

[Park Moon-dae\: ???]

-uh

-What are you guys?

-Two Gwangmeo?

Even the viewers were taken aback.

Even subtitles.

[What kind of situation is this…?]

[◀◀◀]

So Lee Se-jin’s recollection was included for explanation.

Early game.

[Bae Se-jin\: I know this because I am a lawyer…]

[Lee Se-jin\: (pretending not to listen)]

In fact Se-jin Lee had already secretly listened to Bae Se-jin’s story and was fully aware of it when she was talking diligently about her professional abilities.

And this is what I thought!

[Lee Se-jin\: Somehow in my profile document I was told not to casually say I am a lawyer! I was a clown! I’m fake~]

[↑ Self-proclaimed clown (2)]

-????

– Se Se-jin

That’s right.

Each of them thought they were clowns and they pushed the other into being a clown…!

[Lee Se-jin\: Hey you’re really good at acting! (※Smoke is correct)]

[Bae Se-jin\: What? Anyone can see that you are the suspicious one! (※It’s definitely suspicious)]

It was an entertainment-type performance that burned the soul.

-You must be crazy lol.

– Jagang Doo-cheon of two lawyers who thought they were clowns

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Gwangmeo’s day spinning round and round in bewilderment

The story goes that they were sacrificed with a black sheep and burned.

In the end the parties who realized this conclusion while having a conversation in the afterlife…

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Bae Se-jin\:…]

[Lee Se-jin\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Shall we move?]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes]

[LOL]

After a dizzying silence he became solemn and began to move along with Park Mun-dae…

– Haha what should I do?

-My stomach hurts from laughing so much.

-Even the tester laughed while watching the live broadcast.

-clown party haha

However this atmosphere of laughter did not last long.

Because the identity of this place was soon revealed.

[Lee Se-jin\: Mundaemundae~ Speaking of that walkie-talkie did Mundae contact you from here?]

[Park Moon-dae\: That’s right.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh.]

[Bae Se-jin\:… But you told me not to go into the bathroom at that time. Why did you say that?]

Park Mun-dae shined a flashlight beyond the door.

The bathroom across from the living room.

[Park Moon-dae\: The bathroom is like that.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Huh.]

Quagwagwang!

The image of lightning was edited out.

There was a close-up of the blood-covered bathroom door being pounded. The members screamed.

[Bae Se-jin\: Blood blood?!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Ouch what is that? What is that?!]

[Park Moon-dae\: (If I knew I would be here like this with an expression on his face)]

-Pretending to be a bully because you have developed tolerance for 30 minutes

– Hahahahahahaha cute.

-I barely pretended not to get upset when I found a flashlight in the corner of the living room!

And as expected criticism came in.

[Lee Se-jin\: No we still played the game above for over 30 minutes~ Didn’t you even open that? Of course Mundae is the best among us…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Then open it yourself.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Sorry.]

-lol

-These cute little idiots

It was even funnier because none of the members who were strong-hearted or who acted before thinking were eliminated.

So this is where the elders step in!

[Bae Se-jin\:… Let’s go. I’ll open it.]

[Lee Se-jin\:…!!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Thank you.]

[Lee Se-jin\:…?!]

-Cold hahahahaha

-A rare sight that leaves the great world speechless.

-Former baby shaman enters energetically~

So the three people gathered together each carrying a flashlight and a walkie-talkie body(?) and approached the bathroom.

Lee Se-jin who is tall operated the flashlight radio Park Moon-dae operated the radio and Bae Se-jin who served as the action leader lightened his body as a courtesy.

and…

Sigh.

Bae Se-jin opened the bathroom door handle while wearing the rubber gloves she found in the kitchen.

I saw it at that moment.

-omg

thud.

Cuckoo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo

thud!!

The inside of the bathroom is revealed along with a tense and gloomy BGM.

Sitting on the bloody floor.

[Victim]

In front of the cabinet in the bathroom.

There was a body lying down.

-Heeeeeeeek

-It’s mom.

-??

-Hey what is it?

All the members froze.

[Park Moon-dae\:… It’s not moving. yes. I think it would be okay to take a look.]

-And the attitude of not being able to approach you

-I understand this time

-I couldn’t even move the country.

A very quiet accommodation.

And a corpse-shaped doll in a dark place.

The members approached cautiously.

Sejin Lee moved the flashlight slowly.

[Lee Se-jin\:… First of all he seems like a man. Your outfit… is unique.]

The doll was lying down with a knife in its hand.

Moreover perhaps because it was a cult concept they were wearing what looked like black robes and even their faces were covered.

‘mask?’

The members have now become familiar with the strange pattern depicting a lamb’s skull.

[Park Moon-dae\: I think it’s the one from the visit earlier.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Uh. And our… offering card? That’s the sign too.]

-It’s creepy.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

After confirming that it was a doll and not a costumed actor the members slowly reached out and turned it over.

And in the meantime Bae Se-jin confirmed one crucial thing.

[Bae Se-jin\:… There are no wounds here.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes?]

[Bae Se-jin\: Look there’s so much blood but there’s no wound. There are no tears in the clothes… Rather this corpse is holding a knife.]

The atmosphere became cold.

[Then what is this blood…?]

-Please save me

-Wow that’s scary.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ They said the undertaker was the culprit but is it true that the undertaker killed him? What is it?

It was then.

Park Moon-dae who had been silently turning his head to follow the light of the flashlight stood up.

With the radio in my hand.

‘uh?’

Park Moon-dae turned on the walkie-talkie and asked.

[Park Moon-dae\: Before you entered the pavilion. Who was holding the radio and where was it when you were contacted?]

[Bae Se-jin\: Huh? that is…]

[Lee Se-jin\: Living room! It rang in the living room and the first person to check was Ravin.]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Lee Se-jin\: Why?]

Park Mun-dae was silent for a moment.

But soon I asked again.

[Park Moon-dae\: After that Ravin grabbed the walkie-talkie and ran to where other people were.]

[Bae Se-jin\:…! that’s right! I came to the kitchen.]

Park Mun-dae nodded in response.

As if he realized something.

-??

-What is it?

-How did you know?

[Park Moon-dae\: Just a moment.]

Park Moon-dae ran out of the bathroom and immediately started running around with a walkie-talkie and shouting.

[Park Moon-dae\: Can you hear me?]

[Park Moon-dae\: Can you hear me?]

As if he had forgotten his fear Park Moon-dae opened the door and started talking to every room in the dorm.

And after repeating the process it was time to return to the place where the pipe was installed and moved up and down.

Cheezy.

“omg!”

The radio turned on and a response came back.

[Radio operator\: Mundae? Mundaeni??]

[!!]

The members also ran out of the bathroom.

[Bae Se-jin\: How did you do it?]

[Park Moon-dae\: I found the location.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Huh?]

[Park Moon-dae\: It seems that this radio and the radios of the people who were not eliminated work if they are in a place like the dormitory.]

The graduate student who was watching the broadcast with bated breath hit his thigh.

“Ahhhh!”

That walkie-talkie only works when the person upstairs who is not dead yet and the person downstairs who is dead and came down in a coffin are in the same room.

‘oh my god!!’

This gave me a strange feeling as if the two were physically the same space but were divided by time or dimension.

Is it expressed this way because it is the afterlife?

‘What happens now?’

The graduate student looked at the screen with interest.

Perhaps Mundae will tell us about the corpse in the bathroom and once again advise us to be careful?

At that moment Park Mun-dae was opening his mouth.

[Park Moon-dae\: I told you earlier not to go into the bathroom but I will change my words.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Be sure to go in. There will be ghosts and people.]

“…??”

And Park Mun-dae sounded even more like a bolt from the blue.

[Park Moon-dae\: I think I… the ‘undertaker’ killed that ghost. I guess it was right to kill him.]

“…?!”

On the screen Park Moon-dae spoke calmly.

[Park Moon-dae\: Lure them into the ghost coffin and burn them like we were eliminated.]

[Park Moon-dae\: That’s how they survive.]

At that moment the BGM on the screen changed.

* * *

[Park Moon-dae\: That ghost looks like the leader of a cult.]

A clean neutral-colored living room.

In a place where the only living space was a few pet supplies a huge TV was installed for monitoring purposes.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Wait a minute!]

And right now the screen was showing Testa talking on a walkie-talkie in front of the coffin.

Self-assigned break time. The idol who was monitoring his competitors tapped his chin.

“I tried something unusual.”

Wow!

A soft barking sound was heard from near his thigh.

The man lightly patted the head of the dog that responded to his self-talk and picked up his smartphone.

“kind.”

Wow.

Cheongryeo’s pet dog Kongi happily honked his neck and then snuggled into his beloved blanket.

And similarly Cheongnyeo’s smartphone rang.

-Director Jang\: Yes I received a reply from PD. Of course Testa said he could appear!

It was natural.

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo smiled and watched ‘Testa Him’ passionately sending radio messages on TV.

It was 7 days before the collaboration with Park Moon-dae.
