---
title: "Chapter 495"
category: "book"
index: 494
section: "Chapter 495"
slug: "495"
---

# Chapter 495

In the video Park Moon-dae’s narration began with the brilliant success of the mystery BGM playing.

[Park Moon-dae\: It was strange from the beginning.]

Park Moon-dae reading the profile.

[Park Moon-dae\: They said that the undertaker was the culprit of this incident but there was no explanation as to what the incident was. It’s strange.]

‘You are the culprit in this case’ in the profile document. Above the text was a photo with a red cross.

Black robes and a strange skull mask.

The body that the eliminated candidates saw in the bathroom of the afterlife covered in blood stains looked exactly the same!

And Park Moon-dae who was looking at it closely tilted his head at the next page.

[Park Moon-dae\: But again the mission was too easy.]

Undertaker’s mission.

It ended with one sentence.

[It is burnt offering.]

It means to fail and die.

As you progress through the game if you learn what ‘burnt offering’ means it is a very simple and scary story.

[Park Moon-dae\: In fact if you are caught as a criminal the undertaker will die. Even if that’s not the case there are many ways to get eliminated.]

[Park Moon-dae\: After learning what ‘burnt offering’ meant in the part about reasoning about the sacrifice I thought it was strange because it was so easy.]

Then I came to think about it this way.

[Park Moon-dae\: The undertaker must die.]

“…!!”

[Park Moon-dae\: I think the story progresses only when the undertaker dies and someone can escape.]

[Park Moon-dae\: So there is information that I must convey here using the walkie-talkie.]

The undertaker’s ability is necessary to communicate between the two worlds and exchange information through a walkie-talkie.

So what’s the most impressive piece of information about this strange afterlife?

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s a body in the bathroom.]

That strange creepy corpse that had no wounds but was soaked in blood.

[Park Moon-dae\: I thought there was something there.]

And the screen intersects.

A team of survivors is unlocking the locked bathroom.

[Kim Rae-bin\: This number is correct.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Good.]

Sweet.

The lock fell with a short sound and the members quietly approached the bathroom.

Sun Ah-hyeon whispers into the walkie-talkie.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: We came in.]

The bathroom was as clean as it was in the beginning when the people in the Parkmoon University dormitory had just discovered a walkie-talkie in the sink.

And although it was extremely quiet they were not fooled.

-Park Moon-dae\: It felt like it was in a cabinet.

The surviving members quickly formed a formation and pushed in front of the sink considering Park Moon-dae’s advice delivered through the radio.

and.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: I will open it.]

After nodding to the three people waiting Liu Chengyu quickly opened the cabinet.

Then

Blink.

Blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink blink –

[Kim Rae-bin\: Hmm]

[Cha Yujin\: OK.]

The bathroom light started blinking again like crazy.

However this party the majority of which had strong hearts did not back down and looked straight into the cabinet.

And saw.

[Cha Yujin\: Oh my…]

A ghost with a knife staring out from inside a dark cabinet.

“evil!”

It looked exactly the same as the corpse downstairs!

The graduate student screamed and tore at the pillow without realizing it.

Are you saying that was standing behind Moon Dae and the kids when they ran out of the bathroom?

‘I’m so scared!’

It was a natural human reaction.

A creepy BGM full of tension played. Whether this is a horror movie or a thriller movie it’s a situation where the characters feel like they have to jump out and run away!

Of course when the members saw this ghost they should have run away and dispersed to engage in a thrilling chase but…

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Catch it!]

[????]

I decided to push myself physically!

[Cha Yujin\: Got it.]

When Cha Yu-jin suddenly jumped into the cabinet and grabbed her waist the actor playing the ghost froze in embarrassment!

The viewers were also frozen but soon burst into laughter.

-??

– Hahahahahahaha

-It seems like you can see his expression even though he is wearing a mask.

-We are sorry. Our children have grown up to be survivalists and will not go to great lengths.

-What should I do if I dropped the ghost knife?

Ryu Cheong-woo even quickly snatched away the weapon while Cha Yu-jin was holding onto it.

Since it was a broadcast the ghost really couldn’t have stabbed the members but even if it had the move was prepared so quickly that it wouldn’t have been able to counterattack.

and

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Let’s hear it!]

[????]

The four people lifted the ghost bound with a curtain and started running in quick step.

-?lol

-What luggage?

– Turn your luggage into a coffin lol.

It reminded me of something similar to guerrilla training with logs.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: The door is open!]

Then he runs past the previously opened door and puts the ghost in the coffin!

-Wow crazy

-It’s funny but thrilling.

Because the members were so serious the comedy was just a side note and the excitement and thrill of missing a ghost came to life through quick editing.

And even the youngest children were horrified to see the writhing ghost and worked hard to manually close the coffin lid.

bang! bang!

-It’s mom.

-Wow it’s bloody;

Moreover the coffin lid was rattling as if a ghost was attacking it from inside.

However the members calmly pressed the coffin lid and attempted to communicate with the ghost as per protocol.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Shall we have a conversation? Judging from your attire it looks like you are the one who created this altar.]

[??? \:…]

[Cha Yu-jin\: There is a possibility that this person is an American ghost. Hey can you hear me?]

Surprisingly no reaction was heard.

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders. Viewers laughed.

-Must be an American ghost hahahaha

-Why are you treating me like a ghost when I caught you physically? ㅠㅠ

-You seem like a ghost who can control speed and speed.

-I started laughing and then screaming making a fuss. My cat looked at me with strange eyes.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

In contrast to the viewers who were shocked and wondered if this was right or how they came up with this idea in the first place the members were serious.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Shall we light a candle like this?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Wait a minute.]

Liu Chengwu was silent for a few seconds as if he was thinking deeply but soon divided the team into two.

Myself and Sun Ah-hyeon.

And Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin.

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Since we will be holding this I hope you two can take a look at the cabinet where the ghost appeared earlier. It felt like there was something behind it.]

[Raebin Kim\: Yes!]

So while the calmer brothers who were former professional arts and sports players were guarding the coffin the two youngest children ran to the bathroom eagerly.

And forgetting about their bickering they searched the inside of the cabinet covered in fake blood…

[Cha Yu-jin\: Kim Rae-bin! Look at this!]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Oh my God!]

I found out that the plate inside the cabinet rotates like a revolving door.

And behind it… were dark concrete stairs heading down.

[Cha Yu-jin\: That’s… looks like the way to hell.]

[Road to hell…?]

It’s like a road to hell.

A dark staircase was shown on camera along with Cha Yu-jin’s story.

And a question came over the radio.

[Park Moon-dae\: Are there no words there?]

[Raebin Kim\: !! there is!]

There was dark red writing on the concrete wall next to the stairs.

And finally the full story of the incident is revealed.

-It’s a pseudo-altar.

-You were trying to resurrect it with some crazy celebrity tribute? turned;;

-omg…

To summarize the leader of a cult foundation was murdered during some strange ritual.

The culprit is an undertaker.

So in order to come back to life he tried to recreate the murder case in which he died and sacrifice Testa members one by one!

-Gapbun occult gives me goosebumps

-If things continued like this there would only be 2 survivors left…

And the way to stop this scary situation was found in the afterlife.

[Lee Se-jin\: There was something written on the bathroom cabinet here as well. Well what do I have to do to revive it? There are precautions and things like that.]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Indeed! okay.]

It is said that if you sacrifice the ghosts on the altar you can escape from this place of strange rituals.

It was said that the ’emergency exit’ would be opened but viewers were divided in their opinions as to what it meant.

It was then.

[Bae Se-jin\: And then.]

[Bae Se-jin\: Here too… the cabinet seems to be open as well.]

-omg?

-then?

At that moment the broadcast screen changed to an image of the afterlife.

Moon-Dae Park calmly held up the radio and spoke with his eyes fixed on the inside of the cabinet.

[Park Moon-dae\: We have stairs up and down.]

[Raebin Kim\: !!]

That’s right.

Behind the cabinet in the afterlife there were stairs in two directions up and down.

[Park Moon-dae\: Because we came down in a coffin and arrived here. The top is probably yours.]

On the screen the stairs of the two cabinets were connected by a cut.

[Park Moon-dae\: Then down below… I want to bet on something called an escape.]

[Raebin Kim\: Yes?]

The flashlight was pointed towards the stairs below.

Then on the ceiling of the stairs I saw the outline of a sign that was unlit but still visible.

[Park Moon-dae\: There is an emergency exit sign.]

[Cha Yujin\: Oh!]

-oh my god

And so at the last minute an escape with a dizzying time limit began.

[Ryu Cheong-Woo\: Quick!]

As soon as the candle was lit and the coffin on the altar was set on fire the residence began to shake as if it would collapse and the surviving Testa quickly went down to the afterlife through the cabinet passage.

A situation where the coffin is lowered into the afterlife and a ghost may try to come out of the coffin.

[Bae Se-jin\: This way!]

Fortunately the survivors met the eliminated people who had been waiting on the stairs beforehand and quickly went back down the stairs.

And saw.

[Park Moon-dae\: Emergency exit!]

Climbing the stairs the emergency exit light came on and illuminated the emergency door!

The members opened the emergency door and ran out one by one.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Oooh!]

It was outdoors.

The staff applauded under the filming lights outside the set as the sun set.

[Everyone escapes successfully!]

A sense of liberation overflowed with cheers!

* * *

And the behind-the-scenes story that followed immediately.

[Producer\: As I mentioned through this game the testers’ roommates in their new accommodations will be decided.]

[Producer\: Scores are assigned in order of mission success and escape so those with the highest scores can select the room first!]

The members who successfully completed the mission and escaped to the top began to diligently choose a room.

Of course among them was Park Moon-dae.

His interview has been inserted.

[Park Moon-dae\: I roughly researched the rooms the members liked in advance.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I think we should go to a room where there are quiet members.]

An interview that appears to have been conducted immediately after the game ended. Up until then he seemed pretty confident.

But I soon faced this reality.

[Producer\: Unfortunately Mr. Moon Dae was unable to clear the mission.]

[Park Moon-dae\: ?]

-Huh?

-Mundae was a burnt offering why?

Park Moon-dae also answered the viewer’s questions on screen.

[Park Moon-dae\: I cleared the mission. Because it was a burnt offering.]

Up until this point Park Moon-dae looked as if there had been some mistake.

However the production team held back their laughter and said this.

[Producer\: Oh that’s right.]

[Producer\: The doctor saved Mr. Park Moon-dae’s life. Clap clap clap!]

[Park Moon-dae\: ?!!!]

Park Moon-dae turned his head.

‘Doctor’ Cha Yu-jin smiled brightly and waved.

-for a moment

-Hey no way hahahaha

That’s right.

Cha Yu-jin is a doctor!

With his doctor’s abilities he was able to save one person before the game even started!

And the mission is also consistent with that.

If the person you designate really comes out of the danger of death and survives the mission will be successful!

So as soon as she saw the profile at the time Cha Yu-jin reasoned like this.

[Cha Yu-jin\: All criminals kill smart people first.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: So I will save Moon Dae-hyung!]

And as it happened Cha Yu-jin’s reasoning was perfect.

Park Mun-dae was the first to be sacrificed.

In other words… a huge success!

[Cha Yu-jin\: Mundae-hyung’s burnt offering? no!]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

Originally it was supposed to go up at the end of the game and serve as a sign of the existence of a cabinet passage connected to the afterlife.

However there was no chance because of Testa’s way of playing which covered everything with physical power!

in result.

[Producer\: So what happened…]

Yujin Cha 1st place.

Park Moon-dae… last place.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahaha

-Park Moon-dae sacrifices himself after hard carry

-I’m in tears Mundae!

-I won’t forget! I won’t forget!

In that way Park Moon-dae lost the choice of room…

‘It’s pitiful but it’s so cute!’

The graduate student felt sad but could not hold back his laughter.

However Park Moon-dae also had his own happy ending waiting for him.

After hearing the full story of the incident Park Moon-dae in the program gave up everything and trudged to the spare room for the last time but…

[Kim Rae-bin\: Moon Dae-hyung! Please take care of me in the future…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Done.]

[Raebin Kim\: ??]

[Park Moon-dae\: Thank you.]

I arrived at a happy ending with the wonderful result of meeting the best roommate through luck.

-Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

– Hahahahaha that’s so funny.

-Live well with your rabbit Mundaengdaeng.

‘Oh my it’s so cute… ’

The graduate student also smiled and nodded.

For reference Cha Yu-jin’s room which won first place was sold out quickly when Ryu Cheong-woo entered.

[Cha Yujin\: Welcome bro!]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Haha! Yes please take care of me.]

Second Sun Ah-hyun and Lee Se-jin met showing off Testa’s long-standing friendship in the same-age line.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Sejin…!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Wow! We are finally roommates!]

And at this point viewers naturally noticed.

-Hey just sleep.

-If this happens I’ll be in solitary confinement haha.

That’s right.

The final long-awaited solitary confinement…

[Bae Se-jin\: Ha…]

Bae Se-jin who finally lived in a single room after 6 years of being alone won the prize!

[Wish Achievement Ceremony]

Bae Se-jin began to make small gestures of victory in her cell alone with a happy face on her bed.

It was an extremely rare sight. Because I forgot the unmanned camera.

– Hahahahahahahahahahaha

-Hamjjiya…

-1 ham 1 cage okay I got it.

Viewers burst into laughter and congratulated Bae Se-jin an introverted person.

[Testa has moved into the new sweet home.]

The subtitles also changed to a cheerful tone and the video ended with a cheerful and happy ending. The graduate student clapped and smiled without realizing it.

‘It was okay… ’

It was that moment.

Suddenly the image became bright again.

“…??”

The one caught is Cha Yu-jin wearing a hoodie with a sullen face.

He pouted his lips and threw the card he was holding.

-Huh?

-???

-what

[Cha Yu-jin\: This game wasn’t fun. Cult? Ghost? It’s so childish.]

[Kim Rae-bin\: Also what happens after you are so immersed in it?]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Hey!]

While the two were arguing the camera’s field of view gradually panned back to show the location where they were.

“…!”

It was a place that even graduate students were familiar with.

‘omg!’

Right in the attic.

It was the exact same place that appeared in the title song MV of the last album!

Testa who had just finished playing a board game was still there.

However this time the letters written on the board game board were different from before.

That’s right… the title of this entertainment show!

At that moment fans realized.

-Mimi crazy

-Could it be that Zarkon is the board game they were playing?

-I got goosebumps.

-and

While the chat is being updated.

In the tester where all the cards were sorted out the member who was playing the role of game master opened his mouth again.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Well then… shall we try playing another game?]

Seon Ah-hyun.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: This one will be more fun… I prepared for a long time.]

The entertainment ended with a close-up of his face smiling softly and quietly.

[To be continued…?]

Leaving a meaningful subtitle on a black background.

-for a moment

-??

-hey

-Is the next album a cakewalk?

Soon fans caught wind of the situation.

‘Yes this is a comeback!’

-Crazy me I want to watch it again from the beginning

-Haㅠㅠ

For the next week it was as if an abundant supply of rice cakes was scheduled with new interpretations of this in-house content.

‘Wow are you making a comeback again within this year?’

The graduate student quickly heard of the rumor and sent a KakaoTalk message to find his friend.

Around this time Testa’s fans were screaming at the unexpected connection to the world view.

Fans of other groups were also screaming.

[&lt;One Take 4K&gt; Cheongryeo (CHR) ‘Ash’ @MusicBOMB]

-omg

-ㅠㅠI’m crazy really.

This is because Cheongryeo’s music broadcast activities for the first week of her solo album comeback were in progress.

And a few days before that.

Park Moon-dae received a text message.

-VTIC Senior Application\: Filming scheduled to begin at 17\:00 on 9/13 (Wednesday)

“…”

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: See you on time^^

Featuring.

It was the belated start of Park Moon-dae’s personal activities after the activity period ended.
