---
title: "Chapter 496"
category: "book"
index: 495
section: "Chapter 496"
slug: "496"
---

# Chapter 496

2 weeks ago.

Around the time when Park Moon-dae had just finished filming Testa’s own content.

Cheongryeo was in the midst of finishing preparations for her comeback.

“Next is the interview right?”

“yes!”

Preparation went smoothly.

LeTi’s officials acted as if ensuring that all of Cheongryeo’s activities were carried out without error was the top priority.

“You’ve been waiting since a while ago. As quickly as possible…”

“iced coffee! yes.”

This is because Cheongryeo is a celebrity who takes great care of herself.

Even though he was businesslike he was a gentle and temperamental type with no irritability at all but it was also true that he was never easy to deal with around people.

‘hmm.’

Cheongryeo also knew this but did not necessarily change its attitude to make people feel safe.

‘I listen to difficult people better than comfortable people.’

It was a grammar completed through inductive statistics after numerous attempts.

In any case Cheongryeo was not the type of person who needed to share their daily lives to feel comfort and belonging.

At least I suddenly wanted to talk about my pet dog Kongi but it didn’t matter because I had someone else to talk about.

After checking the time Cheongryeo called the ‘other party’.

However this time Kong did not intend to send a photo like he sometimes sends through text messages.

“…”

After a short call connection tone the other person answered.

“Did you finish filming your own content successfully?”

-yes. Senior.

This is Park Moon University.

What’s interesting is that this junior always uses polite language whenever he calls or texts.

It’s not like I’ve ever had a conversation in informal language.

It is a habitual meticulousness.

‘That’s not a bad thing either.’

If you don’t let down your guard you won’t suffer any losses anywhere.

Qingli thought a little cheerfully.

So it’s a pleasure to work with such a proven resource.

Soon Park Moon-dae’s solemn words of congratulations were heard.

-Congratulations on your comeback with your solo album.

“thank you.”

Cheongryeo responded lightly to what many people had heard over the past few days and got straight to the point.

“The time has come to prepare for what we agreed upon at that time.”

-…

“As I said last time it’s not like you’re going to feature a song on my album.”

-yes.

Cheongryeo almost laughed inadvertently remembering Park Moon-dae who was embarrassed at the time but did not show it and continued talking.

The featuring method you choose.

“I have a program to go to this time so let’s go out together.”

-…!

“You’ll probably like it junior.”

Cheongryeo finished the calculation.

“The program name is…”

* * *

&lt;Nice to meet you!&gt;

MBS entertainment airing on Saturdays at 5\:40 PM.

It is one of the few long-running contest programs on the airwaves where singers can appear.

Just looking at the title it seems to be a typical public broadcast program that introduces talented unknown singers or masters active in genres other than pop music.

‘That’s correct.’

right. The style that the public airwaves like.

But it is only half correct.

‘Because just doing that won’t get viewership ratings.’

What do I have to do to sell it?

The answer is simple.

‘It’s a bundled sale.’

Not only artists from less popular fields but also famous established singers who are looking to promote their albums or performances appear as performers.

And if the two performers form a pair and perform on stage a variety of pictures can be drawn.

This is a program that has been running for a long time reaching season 7.

The casting lineup was still quite flashy but it had a bit of an old-fashioned taste as middle-aged people had settled in as the main audience…

‘But this guy appears here?’

I glanced at Cheongryeo.

It was a too crowded and complicated program for VTIC to appear.

If he gets a name like that it wouldn’t be enough to even have a special feature on him so he’ll just show up?

‘hmm.’

Of course there are bound to be targets.

I remembered his answer to my direct question ‘Why did you choose this program?’

-I have something I want to show you.

Well so today I came to the pre-meeting for this program.

For your information the main PD here has been pushed into season 3 and even though it’s over 7 years old he’s not even handing over the program to a junior producer and he’s just continuing this without producing a new program…

After talking to him I think I understand why he does that.

“Oh nice to meet you. Mr. Moon Dae. My nephew says he’s a fan so I’d like him to sign the album for me. “Don’t give away what’s left but make something new.”

“sure.”

You’re an old man.

Well I’m not continuing it because I have a sense of mission but I’ll bet that I just sat down to see the cost-effectiveness.

Still it was interesting to see that even if the name value of an idol was raised to the highest level the broadcasting station PD was the best.

At least I wonder why they don’t treat them carelessly but the attitude is different towards VTIC which has an insane level of recognition overseas.

“And our Korean Wave star VTIC! It’s an honor to be featured again. i look forward to.”

“Haha please take care of me.”

‘As expected the answer is Gukbbong.’

For this typical old man it was the best. I internally nodded while looking at the PD.

‘Let’s release the next album and see.’

The target is the lethal dose of Gukppong to hunt for the Cultural Merit.

Anyway the fan who asked for my autograph was not guilty. Why not come into the waiting room as a PD family opportunity?

I carefully signed the spare album I had brought along just in case and the PD quickly took it away and only then started talking about the program.

“So you two perform on stage together… So how did you two become so close?”

“Ah we did a variety show together when I debuted at a literary school. “That program was also on MBS.”

“…Ah~ I remember! “That’s right.”

‘I don’t remember.’

You have a good social life.

I guess that’s what it takes to become successful enough to sit on a program that airs on public airwaves.

“Anyway I’m so happy for our program to be able to host these two people.”

And as expected instead of specifically mentioning the entertainment in question the PD blurted out his words and then quickly said what he wanted to say.

“But they both have the same job and have a similar image so what? “I’m worried that it might be difficult to include a climax due to the length of the story but is that okay?”

uh. It’s okay.

Just… when two first-tier idols from different groups team up the topic is already explosive.

The climax is like freezing to death.

‘I’m using Sue.’

If two famous idols are going to appear it means that they want to split the episodes and distribute them separately to extend the viewership boost.

‘Yes no.’

And needless to say Cheongryeo the person involved responded immediately.

“yes. “You don’t have to worry about that part.”

“…Oh okay.”

You seem confident.

It was convenient that I didn’t have to open my mouth. This is okay since I work with a cool guy.

“And I heard that our manager delivered it in advance. this…”

“Ah yes yes.”

After that there was no needless baiting.

The meeting went smoothly as I talked with the program writer and sub-producer. I nodded and thought pretending to listen intently.

‘So what kind of performance does this guy want to use me for?’

And this question will soon be resolved.

Immediately after the meeting ended.

A conference room at the LeTi headquarters 20 minutes away from the broadcasting station.

“I’ll show you the music video first.”

Cheongryeo turned on the projector and immediately began discussing the stage composition.

Originally a scene depicting this concept should be included in the filming of the program but due to practice time issues it is often just a reenactment.

‘It’s a complicated script.’

So I understand that.

“It’s a provisional edit but it only lacks the intro and credits. “I don’t think there will be any problem for my junior to understand the album concept…”

“wait for a sec.”

The flow is a bit strange.

“Why is your music video suddenly showing instead of a stage outline?”

“hmm?”

Why are you suddenly showing off your soon-to-be-released MV when the performance we’re about to perform isn’t even a song included in the album?

However Cheongryeo calmly answered with an expression that asked such an obvious question.

“This is a program performance to promote the album so of course I have to make my title come to mind as soon as they see it.”

“…”

“This title itself is the concept that will become the base of our stage so read it carefully and understand it now. “I can’t send you the music video file before it’s released.”

Are you coming?

‘Your head is working well.’

I held back a sigh and nodded.

I thought for no reason that I had agreed to cooperate and not talk nonsense on this guy’s stage.

This is because I said that I would unilaterally follow this guy’s stage composition as long as it didn’t damage my image.

But what if the vision is this clear?

‘I don’t know if they’re doing a treble shuttle or something.’

No I think that would be better than a useless and unsuitable concept.

I clicked my tongue and stared at the MV he was playing.

Marble floor turned into ashes.

In the middle of the ruined floor of the old museum there is a place where paints are mixed up like an explosion.

The one lying alone on top of it is Cheongnyeo.

[…]

The contrasting images slowly passed from the perspective of the sky.

I heard the wind.

and.

[The devil is in the details]

A meaningful phrase appears and the song soon begins.

[Ash]

The title of Cheongryeo’s upcoming solo album.

-Oh maybe we’re just in pain

Medium tempo in a faint minor key.

And jazz-style accompaniment.

-Ashes to ashes dust to dust.

In the remaining ashes

Same Story

And love is dead

It has a very addictive refrain right from the beginning.

And the humming slowly decreases before going into the verse. And the choreography of the beat.

The choreography performed on ashes with bare feet a turtleneck and black slacks seems to have a power of its own making the camera pull and push and change angles.

The minimalism is the most impressive perhaps because he has the best proportions and physique and has managed his body shape to the limit.

‘Damn it.’

My form is not bad.

I almost chewed my tongue.

The difficult task of mixing impressive choreography with easy listening that makes it easy to just listen to the song was done well.

Besides that.

This choreography.

‘It is rather easy to just follow the movements but it is a difficult choreography to express the feeling.’

This means that there are many people attempting the challenge and it is good for those evaluating it to line up.

It was already pleasing to the eye.

-This person is really similar to Cheongnyeo. It’s amazing.

└Stop using your part-time job as a teacher.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk one pointer

-This person dances well but there really aren’t many people who can capture the vibe of the original song haha.

-Why are there so many malicious comments? I think you worked hard to post them.

These challenge videos will get a lot of comments and reactions.

‘It is the best choice for a soloist who is confident in dancing.’

It was the most ideal result if it could be made.

No matter how much Testa postpones his military service several of them will be enlisting in the military within a few years and Cha Yu-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo will definitely have to play solo or in a unit.

There is a lot of competition surrounding whether it is possible to plan a result as refined as this.

“…”

I kept my mouth shut and watched the music video until the end.

The tempo control was amazing as the background and costumes became more and more extravagant but at the end they were reduced to ashes and ended in a minimalistic manner.

-And love is the end.

The screen ended abruptly with Cheongryeo standing on black water in a dark space.

And Cheongnyeo the main character opened her mouth with a smile only after the temporary editing of the music video was over.

“Do you like it?”

They didn’t even ask for objective opinions and skipped straight to subjective questions.

‘I’m confident in this.’

Is that so?

I nodded calmly.

“uh.”

“…”

“It was well made.”

Why are you so surprised?

‘You have to admit what you have to admit.’

There is no point in fighting over pride when we have to work together now anyway.

‘It’s not like the comeback timing coincided.’

But still.

“It is difficult for me to capture the feeling of this choreography.”

“hmm?”

“I’m telling you this just in case but I don’t think you’d want to ask me to implement a similar choreography in two weeks.”

This is advice for stage quality.

‘This is a level of perfection that can only be rivaled by a level A dance dancer or higher.’

Moreover this program features established singers.

This means that narratives like Debut Survival where people understand you once you work hard and show growth are just laughable.

If I were to do a choreography similar to this I would have to do it well enough not to break this concept.

But realistically it wasn’t cost-effective.

‘Just use it as a treble shuttle you idiot.’

But Cheongryeo burst out laughing.

“Haha I guess I decided to do whatever I wanted on this stage didn’t I?”

“…”

Are you serious?

“I’m kidding.”

The guy was chopping things up and tapping his fingers on the table as if calculating.

“Each person should do what they are good at… The agreement with the junior will be valuable.”

okay.

“But I still have to do the basics.”

“…?”

Cheongryeo asked lightly.

“How many hours a day have you practiced?”

And the &lt;Azusa&gt; level of practice fell on my head.
