---
title: "Chapter 497"
category: "book"
index: 496
section: "Chapter 497"
slug: "497"
---

# Chapter 497

“Are you okay?”

I’ll kill you… no I don’t have the strength to kill you.

‘You bitch.’

I’m sprawled out in LeTi’s VTIC dedicated practice room.

7 hours.

It was time to practice choreography with Cheongryeo.

‘Isn’t he crazy?’

It’s the end of the comeback so there’s no time so why spend 7 hours just for one performance?

The most amazing thing is that it doesn’t seem like it will end today.

It’s an art to subtly push people to their limits and then let them breathe just like some kind of extreme PT.

‘This guy would have made a lot of money as an instructor.’

Wait a minute these words are meaningless to a guy who has already made a lot of money.

‘Is my brain not working… ’

I caught my breath.

Testa is also not a group that misses much in terms of practice. This means that there are quite a few cases where practice time is on the offensive in this way.

However it is completely different to cram in choreography with unfamiliar dance lines in such a short period of time.

I can’t help but think of &lt;Azusa&gt; where I learned to dance for the first time in my life at that age.

I looked at the ceiling stretched out in silence.

An unfamiliar fluorescent light was shining.

‘hmm?’

I opened my mouth without thinking.

“Did you remodel the lighting?”

“hmm?”

Cheongnyeo who was playing a song answered as if she were puzzled.

“I did. “Although it was three years ago.”

“ah.”

And then I realized.

In my memory this is not the LeTi practice room where I practiced for nearly a year.

‘That wasn’t real.’

This is the ceiling I saw when I was trying to win the grand prize with a hybrid group called ‘Wishes’ a mixture of VTIC and Testa members.

This is the experience I had when I debuted with the VTIC guys in the body of Ryu Geon-woo in the virtual world created by the system.

‘The words came out without even thinking.’

And Cheongnyeo seemed to have noticed that too.

“Is it similar to when you debuted with your junior? Maybe so. “I fixed that too.”

A funny explanation followed\: ‘If you make it multiple times standard specifications will develop and it will become standardized.’

I laughed.

“Is there efficiency in the practice room?”

“sure.”

I don’t know how stupid he must be if he figured that out.

It may be new but in terms of experience and information no matter who you bring up it will be difficult to rub against that guy.

Well too.

‘I thought VTIC would decline to some extent after the military gap ended.’

I need to prepare a little harder.

From rookies who debuted with capital by benchmarking us to VTIC who is not in form Testa is also in a very sandwich situation.

‘I guess I can’t let my guard down because I’ve won the grand prize.’

I drank water and quickly planned out my next album.

It was then that Cheongryeo sat next to him.

“Your junior your ability to learn choreography is good.”

I guess so.

“If I don’t have the skills to learn this year I’ll have to quit.”

“haha.”

I don’t think I’m laughing because it’s funny. Perhaps during this year even people without learning skills have had the experience of using it as members.

‘I guess he was so angry that he tried to leave.’

You can tell by looking at that guy’s stats window.

This is a guy who has already perfected his talent to the limit. You must be confident in your routine.

So a kid who couldn’t keep up with the amount of practice he assigned wouldn’t be treated like a human being.

‘…hmm.’

But that’s it.

I called a guy with a question that suddenly occurred to me.

This guy is the only one who will have this conversation.

‘Big moon.’

[yes?]

“…”

Does it pop out in an instant?

I thought the reply might be late because I was at work but I never thought the reply would come so quickly.

Anyway after chatting with him about a few things I was up to I gave up.

‘…I’m talking about the potential stats that appear in the status window.’

[…?? Ah your brother’s infinite potential trait? It wasn’t given by the system but it was what my brother originally had…]

No that’s not the story.

[yes?]

‘It’s something that appears in someone else’s status window other than mine.’

Limit stats are indicated in parentheses next to the stats.

An indicator that tells the person’s limits.

Let me give you an example.

[Dance\: C- (B)]

Here ‘B’ in parentheses is the limit.

It was also the biggest reason why only those who could earn a living through arts and physical education became the only ones who could do it. Talent.

And what I’m curious about is this.

‘No matter what I do it’s impossible to overcome that.’

Is it impossible for a person to grow beyond that limit stat?

“…”

After a moment of silence a timid pop-up appeared.

[Maybe…?]

After that the explanation continued ‘Actually I just changed the system’s judgment so that you could see it… ’

Ultimately it means that it is a value calculated by the system.

‘hmm.’

I frowned.

It was that moment.

[Survey available!]

“…!”

Next to Big Moon’s chat pop-up.

Suddenly a status window pops up.

‘what.’

[Tips\: You can customize the features with feedback through surveys.]

“…”

So… did you come out to make sales by telling your story? Can you tell me if you can?

I looked at the status window popping up.

It shines like an advertising banner as if asking you to click on it.

But…

‘Do you want to do it?’

If it were you would you go fishing?

I removed the pop-up without hesitation.

‘You will be discarded as soon as you collect the system fragments from that guy.’

This is the correct answer.

And when I nod my head inwardly.

“Did you get enough rest? “Get up.”

“…”

For reference I only lay down for 5 minutes.

‘after.’

I stood up suppressing my anger.

Yes it’s a marginal stat and it’s a mess… Right now my dance stat is still B+.

Well that’s good. You can’t whine that you can’t do it at this time.

‘Let’s grind as far as we can.’

Let’s do it.

* * *

That night.

The door to Testa’s new dorm opened weakly.

Beep-click.

And then a silent voice was heard.

“…I’ve been there.”

It was Park Moon-dae wearing a hood.

“Oh Mundae…??”

“…”

Why is he like that?

Lee Se-jin who was trying to greet her while taking the pack out of the refrigerator was embarrassed.

However Park Mun-dae simply answered like this.

“I practiced.”

What kind of person’s practice can make Park Moon-Dae look like that?

This is a friend who follows me all night long and monitors me without sleeping.

The sight of Park Mun-dae hanging out like water-soaked laundry was unfamiliar and even a little solemn…

‘wait for a sec.’

At that moment Lee Se-jin realized again what Park Moon-dae had been doing.

“This is Cheongnyeo featuring practice right?”

“uh.”

No who would ask for a feature and treat someone like a trainee at their company?

‘Don’t you know good?’

Although the evaluation of Cheongryeo was somewhat relaxed due to past events they were still a different group and were subject to caution. That’s why Lee Se-jin was even less desirable.

‘Maybe I should have opposed it more actively.’

So he deliberately and cheerfully put his arm around Park Moon-dae and shouted.

“Mundaemundae~ Aren’t you doing too much for others? “Why are you so determined to kill me!”

It was then.

“…I agree too.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin who was enjoying life in solitary confinement secretly came out to the living room and spoke to her.

Sejin Lee was a little embarrassed.

What’s wrong with that brother?

“You don’t have to but you do it.”

Bae Se-jin continued speaking steadfastly.

That’s right.

He was uncomfortable with being accepted into VTIC.

The fact that he suddenly attacked Park Moon-dae at the beginning of his debut was a decisive factor but it was not the only factor.

‘…It was strange.’

That was the unique atmosphere of a person named Cheongryeo.

In fact it’s rare that we’ve even had a conversation in person. But I felt it just by observing.

There were moments where I felt like I was a person without emotional context meaning I had no ability to empathize.

It reminds me of the psychopaths played by Bae Se-jin.

Since he was naturally sensitive and alert to the attitudes of others he felt it better.

It was an impression that did not go away even in the virtual world of the system or the objective fact that I had received help in a building collapse.

It was something that could not be helped unless one knew that the gap was caused by repeated restarts over an extremely long period of time.

‘hmm.’

Anyway Lee Se-jin looked at Bae Se-jin with a straight face and then changed his mood again.

‘Oh my gosh even if I keep a straight face here I won’t listen anymore.’

lighter.

“that’s right. “Please save up your stamina for our album.”

“That’s right.”

yes!

Lee Se-jin was delighted to see Park Moon-dae nodding his head.

But Park Moon-dae’s words were not over.

“Do what you have to do properly.”

“…”

‘Hey then… are you any different from Kim Rae-bin who works all night?’

Before I say anything to my roommate Kim Rae-bin I was told to look at myself.

Fortunately there was Bae Se-jin next to Lee Se-jin to get angry instead.

“So do it without overdoing it!”

“yes. Well… I practiced as long as it didn’t affect my health.”

Park Mun-dae answered calmly.

And muttered softly.

“That’s worse.”

“…?”

“It’s nothing.”

Park Moon-dae was silent as he looked back at the state of his exquisitely overworked body.

But then he shrugged his shoulders.

“And it helps. Because this is my first time doing choreography of this genre. And… I have something to take away when it’s over.”

“Take it?”

“yes. “I have something to gain.”

Park Moon-dae nodded and smiled.

It was a smile that seemed surprisingly rewarding.

“I think our own content was selected in an interesting way this time but I think it will be a little less popular than before.”

“hmm?”

Park Moon-dae also concluded that Ryu Seo-rin may have been chosen in a balanced way to be provocative and exciting but that this was only for the enthusiast audience.

‘It’s hard to take reasoning lightly because you have to use your brain.’

However in order to connect it with the next album it has to be symbolic and meaningful to some extent and then it gets further away from the light taste.

‘I managed to balance the popularity by taking advantage of the horror elements.’

That was also possible because it was late summer and early fall.

So that is.

“We need to take care of popularity in the next album.”

I will take care of both soup and popularity!

Park Moon-dae grinned.

“I will get something that will help me there.”

A big picture was being drawn in his head.

Soon I ended up crawling into the bedroom with a person with the same name scolding me saying ‘Okay just take a rest.’ But…

A few days passed like that.

And finally after Testa’s own content was released spectacularly.

The first day of filming for Cheongryeo’s stage contest featuring Park Moon-dae has arrived.

* * *

VTIC Among them Cheongryeo’s fan community was very energetic during the solo album promotion period.

In particular the rice cake was even more abundant because Cheongryeo made quite a few broadcast appearances to promote this album.

-Jaehyun are you crazy with your schedule? Thank you.

-ㅠㅠㅠChaeyul said she watched Jaehyun’s performance and V-Tik is the foundation of K-pop relationships…

-I’m working like a cow this year so how can I not like applying for a new career high?

-Shin Jae-hyun’s fansign response went around (video)

And in this atmosphere the news of Cheongryeo’s &lt;Nice to meet you&gt; program appearance was initially just one of the album promotion activities.

There was even a rather cold evaluation that said ‘It’s okay if you don’t show up because you’re falling so quickly.’

Still most of them were happy with the schedule itself and liked that they had more time to watch Cheongryeo’s performance.

I was also delighted to read an article saying that the number of audience applications for &lt;Never See You&gt; had reached an all-time high.

And of course there were winners among community users.

-I never thought I would attend Bom for the first time… I’m taking my mom with me and I’ll bring a review haha.

└ㅊㅋㅊㅋ

└I’m jealous

└How did you get there?

But that afternoon.

-omg

-Hey Shin Jaehyun

-lol

-and

People who had planned to post reviews of the audience began to leave only one comment in real time.

All the fans who were hanging out in the community at that time to see audience reviews were taken aback.

‘Jaehyun??’

-????

-what

-What is the reaction now?

A few minutes later.

Finally a review of the audience using proper sentences was posted.

and.

-crazy!!

It didn’t take long before Cheongryeo’s fan site was filled with screams and confusion.
