---
title: "Chapter 498"
category: "book"
index: 497
section: "Chapter 498"
slug: "498"
---

# Chapter 498

&lt;Nice to meet you&gt; stage contest site.

[Weekend afternoon fun! The stage of the star-meeting collaboration of the century &lt;See You&gt; is about to begin!]

The MC read the standardized script fluidly thanks to his many years of experience. And the audience’s response and applause poured in like an audience member.

[The theme of this contest is ‘Millennial 2000’! The stage was set with the theme of the 2000s.]

[The cast selected the artists of the genre they wanted to collaborate with and the collaboration was accomplished. Please look forward to what kind of stage was created.]

And the MC quickly explained the voting rules.

It’s simple. If you liked the performance please click the button!

It was a common story told at every recording but this time there were quite a few audience members who heard it for the first time.

‘I come to places like this too.’

‘Thank you Jaehyun. I take a step back and try to be filial.’

These are all people who applied after hearing about Cheongryeo’s appearance. In other words there were many fans of VTIC who were not existing viewers.

And that was a double-edged sword in this contest.

If Cheongryeo failed to present a performance worthy of first place but took first place based on audience votes that alone would be controversial.

But the fans sitting there had little to worry about.

‘It’s Jaehyun so what?’

It was a belief that became stronger the longer I was a fan.

VTIC Especially because Cheongnyeo never had any disappointing activities.

[The curtain on that special stage is now rising.]

And finally the third theme contest of Season 7 began.

Wow-

Singers and celebrities came out and performed accompanied by polite cheers.

The singers here are mostly established singers who are highly preferred by middle-aged people.

This means that there has never been a male idol like VTIC.

‘oh.’

Since the fields were so different Cheongryeo’s fans also viewed it quite favorably without any sense of control.

‘It’s okay.’

‘You all are doing great.’

Pure evaluation is carried out carefully.

There were many quite unconventional stages.

Representative songs from popular musicals in the 2000s sung by vocalists and former rappers had an old-fashioned hip feel and the collaboration between a master acrobat and a dance singer was quite impressive even if it was a little incongruous.

‘and!’

This was especially true for younger VITC fans.

Because I don’t watch this program that much I didn’t know the program’s typical stereotypical stage structure that “appeals to the audience” so it was refreshing.

And imagine the stage of Cheongryeo in your own way.

‘Who did Jaehyun do it with?’

‘It would have been really cool to do it with an opera singer.’

Occasionally there were performances performed between singers due to a lack of talent or mismatching but no one would have thought that Cheongnyeo would have done that.

‘Well if you want to be better than these people… ’

There were one or two stages on stage where I was even worried that Jaehyun might make a mistake.

And as time passed the 6th stage arrived.

The sequence just before the end.

The MC finally opened the gun he had been waiting for.

[The performer on this stage is… a global KPOP artist representing Korea. This is Cheongryeo from VTIC!]

Ugh!!

Wow!

Fans who noticed the moment the word ‘global’ came out were already cheering enthusiastically.

And even middle-aged people who are not necessarily fans responded well. This is because everyone has heard the name of VTIC whether in the news or on WeTube.

Expectations for famous celebrities!

Those eyes that gauge how well you will do.

Amidst the overflowing adrenaline the MC continued the proceedings by controlling the tempo.

[And the collaboration partner selected by Cheongryeo is…]

Brief moxibustion.

And when the audience’s curiosity is at its peak.

A sound like a thunderbolt fell.

[National Idol! This is Testa’s main vocalist Park Moon-dae.]

“…??”

“…?!”

yes?

Unlike the reaction of the middle-aged and middle-aged audience members who seemed to be more feminine saying things like ‘Young idols are doing it together~’ the young fans in the audience couldn’t believe their ears and were inwardly upset.

Why does Testa appear here…?

‘Cheongya?’

‘Hey Shin Jaehyun!’

There were fans who screamed that it would be better to have a recorder gifted kindergartener.

[Then let’s meet now! Collaboration starts!]

Before I had time to compose myself the stage started with the MC’s shout!

Lights come on on a dark stage.

“…!”

Fans reflexively held their breath and focused their attention on the stage.

But… there was no singer.

On the outskirts a standing microphone stands alone in the spotlight.

Fuuuu-

There was a brief sound of wind.

In that void a familiar riff melody played on a piano filled the air.

A familiar accompaniment.

And the minor chorus cuts through the quiet background sound.

-It snows in my winter

covering both cheeks

cold and cozy warmth

and you

.

It was a popular song by an emotional hip-hop group that was popular in the mid-2000s. A song that follows the formula of featuring an addictive chorus and a famous female soloist.

The featuring part is reproduced in a wonderful male voice.

-Um umm- Um umm-

Um umm-

Lonely humming.

An emotion that is infinitely close to the original singing while reminiscing about the bittersweet feeling of love after a breakup.

“…”

It was not Cheongryeo who sang.

‘Park Moon-dae…?’

However even though it was in a minor key the audience immediately listened to the refreshingly clear voice.

Soft piano accompaniment and humming softly rang through the audience.

-Yes

And the moment when the accompaniment is in major key and a fast rap should be included in a brighter atmosphere with the original band sound.

-No

“…!”

The sound fell even more heavily.

thud.

The elegant and gloomy piano accompaniment was heavy.

The tempo of the accompaniment drops on top of the heavy minor note… and becomes slower.

Laid-back and dark enough to feel a little dangerous.

And then In-young appears.

-Night with the lights off

Our aching hearts

“…!!”

Cheongnyeo!

A singer with a head microphone walked out from the outskirts. That movement alone seems to fill the stage.

The dark blue stage shirt went well with the black slacks.

‘Ugh!’

However even as the suppressed cheers of the audience erupted here and there some people were puzzled.

‘uh?’

A song sung by Cheongnyeo.

The familiar melody was correct.

But… it wasn’t the song ‘Winter love’ that was developed earlier.

-I hear the voice of love

&lt;The Heat of a Summer Night&gt;.

Like the previous song it was a song from the 2000s.

However it is a song by a female solo singer who is famous for its sexy concept.

Moreover unlike the original song which was a fast-tempo techno dance song the choreography and song unfold with heavy accompaniment at a slow tempo.

-Summer night

A hot and ecstatic moment

Movements with a slight feel of modern dance or waxing unfolded along the solid physique.

Dancers came out and filled the stage doing the same moves but that only added to the glamour.

Live vocals that are unwavering in the movement of lights and every detail is clear and the strengths and weaknesses are perfect making it a cathartic dance.

With that alone the stage seemed to have been completed.

The unique naturalness of someone who has been on stage for a long time attracts attention.

-I waited you know.

It condenses the splendor and sexiness of the original song but adds artistry to the wild beauty of a much slower more static and heavy tempo.

The uniqueness of old popular songs which may sound frivolous has been suppressed and disappeared without a trace.

‘It’s crazy.’

‘You could do it alone!’

‘Why is Park Mun-dae in front…?’

Fans were immersed in the stage thinking in a stream of consciousness.

-A moment becomes eternity

Burn the flame of love

Summer night

Meanwhile the leisurely yet weighty performance moved smoothly along the stage and the first verse and chorus ended in the blink of an eye.

And the music stopped for a moment.

Cheongryeo walked to the standing microphone outside making the sound of her shoes.

“…”

It was a moment when the audience watched with bated breath again waiting for the next catharsis.

Suddenly someone else appears under the spotlight on the other side.

“…!”

Moon-Dae Park.

A singer with neatly trimmed soft blonde hair grabbed a standing microphone on the other side.

And then the accompaniment flows again.

-My love is in winter

Even when spring comes in my heart

“…?”

The previous accompaniment used in &lt;The Heat of a Summer Night&gt; sung by Cheongnyeo continued without any discomfort.

And Park Moon-dae’s melody came together incredibly naturally.

‘Huh…?’

This was because it connected two songs that used similar composition grammar from the same era.

However the mood and lyrics are completely opposite.

Thanks to this a very strange atmosphere was created.

A narrative point was created.

The brief love of a summer night and the eternal separation of winter.

-Snowdrifts do not melt

the warmth of eternal winter

right-

The lonely voice gained clear and strong power and rose with the accompaniment.

The vocal ad-lib reached a climax that was pleasant to listen to without any technique.

-It snows in my winter

covering both cheeks

cold and cozy warmth

The high-pitched sound casually extended to ultra-high notes elegantly and beautifully.

-Yes you

And from there the sound and lyrics continue again.

-You and me

in summer night

Cheongryeo’s song that hit home.

The two continued to take turns singing the song they were singing as if they were singing each part of a song.

-You can’t miss the opportunity.

And at the end of the soaring sound two huge spotlights come on in the center of the stage.

And the two people on stage moved.

“…!”

The two who came to the center moved to the building up accompaniment.

Mirror choreography.

-Summer night

hot and ecstatic

(I hear a voice)

The movements are mixed and the lyrics are mixed together.

-My love is in winter

(in summer night)

Before we knew it the two were switching songs and singing naturally again.

-A moment becomes eternity

(The warmth of eternal winter)

And the last verse.

-and you.

The performer faced each other and stopped the choreography.

And then they sing along with the harmony and elevate the song.

-Yes you!

You you u- uu umm umumm

The string instruments rang loudly.

And the choreography was all done at the climax.

-Um umumm Um umumm um Umm…

The humming of the two songs’ melodies creates an exquisite harmony.

And the two movements match like a mirror creating complex pair choreography.

A performance where the feet are crossed the upper body is bent the shoulders are held and the empty space is filled like acrobatics without any error.

All movements that seemed smooth at first glance could only appear graceful if one had complete control over the limbs.

In other words it was an almost unrealistic sight to perform ‘humming’ live with perfect pitch without even making a high note while doing this movement.

‘and.’

“…”

The gaze is fixed as if drawn in.

A composition that can only be performed by performers with an extremely high level of understanding and skill in the dance stage that is the KPOP stage.

‘ah… ’

So a few fans understood why Cheongryeo chose Park Mun-dae.

‘I see.’

‘If I wanted to do something like this I would have chosen an idol.’

However there was also a misunderstanding.

In fact it was impossible for Park Moon-dae to implement the choreography of this climax part alone with his current abilities.

However due to the amount of practice the short choreography of about 30 seconds was covered so that the dancer could copy and dance ‘exactly like the opponent’.

Even more so if the person in charge who has been developing effective methods of imprinting choreography on the members for decades had personally incorporated each and every movement.

It is possible to reproduce something absurd for a moment.

And at the end of that ‘nonsense’ synchronization a short clear high-pitched chord rises above the gorgeously built-up accompaniment.

-Hot and ecstatic moments

I waited you know

Catharsis!

-Wh-whewhewhewhe!

The stage which started in winter and ends on a summer night faces the audience with their backs to each other to the accompaniment of brass.

thud!

“…”

And so the stage ended.

A composition that pours artistry appropriate for this program into an idol-like stage framework.

That atmosphere!

And exquisite arrangements and choreography that resemble live stunts.

It was the essence of performance.

‘I tore it.’

‘crazy.’

Wow!!

Screaming cheers filled the audience.

It wasn’t a cheer I gave because I was a fan but a reaction to the stage.

[It was a really great stage!]

Even the MC’s comments sounded sincere.

Soon the two people on stage smiled slightly and politely greeted the audience a few times before politely returning to their seats.

Although it was for voting purposes the results were virtually identical.

Fans already knew.

‘You can definitely take pictures of this.’

Even if it airs Cheongryeo will never be criticized for taking first place.

That confidence thrilled the fans in the room.

But still confusion and question marks remained in the minds of most of the fans who came to the audience.

‘How did you do it with Park Moon-dae??’

‘What’s that crazy song selection?’

And those questions were scheduled to be satisfied soon.

This is because the process of forming a team between the two received a lot of attention during the weekend’s main broadcast.
