---
title: "Chapter 499"
category: "book"
index: 498
section: "Chapter 499"
slug: "499"
---

# Chapter 499

The episode of the broadcast program &lt;Nice to Meet You&gt; in which I featured Cheongryeo’s stage was organized quickly and without delay.

And on the day of the main broadcast.

Of course it was on TV not from the stage but from the part that introduced the singers who would prepare for it.

[Rom J\: I have been interested in pansori for a long time…]

[MC\: Oh this is the first rapper on this program who is interested in pansori. Let’s see the results to see if a pansori master actually appeared!]

This is where a collaboration team is formed by introducing yourself and talking about what genre you are interested in.

Almost the last part of that part.

Finally the guy who shared the stage with me appears.

[Is this In-young getting out of the car…?]

[Cheongnyeo\: Hello.]

In addition artificial cheers were added in the background and lightstick effects were added everywhere.

And even huge subtitles.

[This man… handsome!]

“…”

‘Is this true?’

I would believe it if the person who created the subtitles came from 10 years ago in a time machine.

‘If the stage wasn’t fun the program would have failed a long time ago.’

I got up from my seat with a shocked face.

“uh? Where is Mundae?”

“Go get something to drink.”

For your information I was not the only one monitoring.

We are currently on tour preparing for a new album and today is the member group camp day that occurs once a week.

So we rented a suite and gathered everyone together.

And I was watching this show on my smartphone…

-What are you doing at Mundaemun University? Oh hey~ Is this the live broadcast today?

-… yes.

-ah! This hotel’s TV is said to be able to watch Korean airwaves via the Internet! How about using a TV so you can watch it on a big screen? If it’s okay with the others…

-Oh of course it’s okay~

-Oh is the Mundae broadcast today? Then let’s take a look.

-OK!

…After going through this process we all sit together and watch this old program.

[VTIC the king of KPOP!]

[Leader Cheongryeo]

“…They openly float it.”

“I know.”

Why did you turn on the TV if you were going to look at me with such a dissatisfied expression?

‘Well I had similar thoughts.’

In any case the content of the program unfolds without anyone refuting it.

Cheongryeo’s brilliant career was introduced and soon there was a scene where Cheongryeo talked about the ‘hopeful genre of collaboration’.

Of course usually this is all a script. It is common for the writer to select and match the artists he has already recruited according to time and popularity.

However this time Cheongryeo really collaborated with someone in the ‘genre of his choice’.

To be exact I plugged it into this broadcast myself.

[Cheongryeo\: I… would like to try the idol division.]

[!!!!]

[MC\: Cheongryeo do you remember that you yourself are an idol…?]

[Cheongnyeo\: Of course. (Laughs) However I have had quite a few opportunities to perform on stage with artists from different fields but I have rarely performed with the same idols.]

MC asks pretending to be embarrassed.

[MC\: Then maybe… the female idol division?]

[Cheongryeo\: That can’t be possible. As a male idol in the same position as me.]

Cheongryeo smiled and brushed aside the MC’s question as if nothing had happened then made another point.

[Cheongryeo\: And now that I don’t have any members well… I feel a bit lonely because I’m performing on stage alone. That’s why.]

I can hear VTIC fans being thrilled.

‘Image making is killing me.’

It seems like a waste of time.

I looked up from the subtitles and walked back to the refrigerator near the hotel room entrance.

And I took out the bottled water provided inside and lifted it… and saw it.

dark beer.

“…”

Now that I think about it it’s already been a few years since I’ve had alcohol in my mouth.

“…”

Now that I think about it there is no concert tomorrow.

‘One can is not okay… ’

“Park Mun-dae.”

“yes.”

Well I knew it would be like this.

It was Bae Se-jin who called me and followed me to the front door. Is there some sort of alcoholic sensor?

I looked up from the beer and picked up an unlabeled water bottle.

Since we have to monitor it anyway let’s just drink cold water.

The moment I thought that Bae Se-jin suddenly asked.

“Are you in a bad mood or upset right now?”

“…? no.”

I don’t think it’s the idea that Park Moon-dae’s condition was ruined because I stopped him from drinking.

“okay… Other than that I think it would be okay to drink a can every now and then.”

“…?!”

for a moment.

‘Are you serious?’

The one who disposed of all alcohol from the previous dorm until now?

When I looked up Bae Se-jin spoke with a slightly embarrassed look on his face.

“I know it was strange for me to say this and that in the first place. But it just seemed like a bad habit that would lead to addiction to alcohol so I was trying to stop it.”

I guess so.

“But now if I don’t have that habit I’ll be meddling for no reason.”

“…”

“of course! “This is only when you are sure that you don’t want to drink because of stress.”

I took my hand off the water bottle for a moment and reminisced.

‘Now that I think about it… ’

At some point the habit of drinking to relieve frustration disappeared.

‘I think I saw that guy a few times whenever I went near the refrigerator or convenience store.’

And right now I definitely don’t want to drink it to relieve stress.

I smiled and nodded.

“yes.”

“okay. okay.”

Bae Se-jin nodded neatly. As if acknowledging it.

‘I am indeed.’

I feel like I’ve received some sort of addiction treatment certification.

‘Yes thanks to that guy I gave up the cost-effectiveness of using alcohol to relieve my mood.’

I also admitted it.

“My brother didn’t interfere for no reason but he helped me.”

“…That’s pretty much it.”

I can’t hide the fact that I’m a little proud. Well that’s good.

‘How long has it been?’

I stretched out my hand.

And finally I grabbed a can of a familiar brand of dark beer from the refrigerator that I had been drinking years ago.

‘The design has been changed.’

And I drank it right away.

Gulp.

The carbonation was exhilarating.

The first cold barley beer I had in a long time went down my throat.

It was cool.

‘oh.’

I returned to my seat holding a can of beer.

“If I think you’re being weird I’ll stop you again.”

“Oh yeah.”

I emptied the beer can again.

Bae Se-jin looked like he had something else to say as he watched me drink but he turned his head away without saying anything.

‘Good idea.’

I sat down refreshed.

On the TV screen a shabby guy was opening his mouth.

[Rom J\: But the fact that a collaboration artist also did it in the same genre… I really respect the idol’s singular path.]

[Cheongnyeo\: Haha… yes. thank you I risked my life to become an idol.]

[VTIC Cheongnyeo is serious about being an idol! Which artist will collaborate with him?]

“…”

The reactions of the cast members laughing were broadcast.

There would be no way to know that that was not a metaphor but a literal fact.

‘Your deceitful skills are outstanding.’

I accepted it generously and drank my beer in silence.

“Popcorn?”

Are you coming?

I also chewed some of the popcorn offered by Cha Yu-jin as a snack…

“…”

“Eat more! are you okay.”

It’s not okay.

‘It’s sweet.’

I don’t know how this guy eats things like this and doesn’t lose his form. Is this what Geunsoojeon does?

However Cha Yu-jin looked closely at my arm holding the popcorn and said with shining eyes.

“Oh! “You’ve gained muscle.”

“…? “Is that so?”

“What are you eating?”

“no.”

I didn’t eat anything else.

No matter how much you think about it there is only one variable.

I gestured toward the screen.

“I think I picked it up while practicing.”

“Ouch.”

Finally I appeared.

[VTIC Cheongryeo’s collaboration artist!]

[??? \: hello.]

Eventually I saw myself gathering all the motivation that wasn’t on the screen.

[Park Moon-dae\: This is Testa’s main vocalist Park Moon-dae.]

[TeSTAR!]

All kinds of dazzling effects are added again and the Testa Career is introduced.

Then Cheongryeo and I pretended to be surprised at each other shook hands and started preparing for the stage in a friendly manner.

[Cheongryeo\: It looks like this. It’s really nice to meet you.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes senior. i look forward to.]

[Cheongnyeo\: Haha. Oh you think I can just take it easy? The atmosphere.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Then please feel free to speak.]

[Two people who were originally close friends…?]

It’s a bit disgusting to see it like this but it still looks quite heartwarming on screen.

Of course the internet comments are screaming.

Let’s think of the comments that are flooding the comment section with comments like ‘Destruction’ ‘Are you crazy’ ‘I can’t believe you were a hottie’…it’s something we have to endure.

‘You end up benefiting.’

I stared at the TV grinding popcorn between my teeth.

[Cheongryeo\: I became acquainted with him around the time when he debuted at the College of Arts and Sciences. Seeing this makes me look forward to the stage.]

And the images of me being warmly instructed in the choreography and Cheongryeo’s appearance of being in harmony and being satisfied were edited.

‘You’re ruining my image as a good senior.’

In reality I was slamming the choreography into someone else’s head.

No matter how much you think about it it’s clear that the muscles were built there. The power to control the body was important for the choreographed movements that guy put in.

It means that force was used by compressing it tightly.

Although it appears cheerful on screen.

[Cheongryeo\: The school is progressing smoothly because the university has good dance skills.]

“Is that really the reason?”

“Don’t be fooled. “I worked for 7 hours every day.”

“oh.”

[Park Moon-dae\: Mun-dae…? No please look forward to the stage.]

[Natural idol charm??]

“Haha!”

“…”

‘Did you save this too?’

And after an interview video that made use of my speech mistakes that occurred due to low stamina the performance was finally broadcast.

[Starting now!]

“Is the gate over there coming out now?”

“okay.”

“Oh~ Let’s see.”

The testa guys were also more focused on the TV in a comfortable position as if they were posting comments every three seconds.

But after the stage ended.

“…”

“…”

-turned

-Why are you so good?

-Is this the taste of K-pop’s first generation? So good.

-Ah… couldn’t you have waited until the kids were discharged from the military? Jaehyun… a stage like this… ㅠㅠ

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

Everyone around me and on the internet reacted with disdain.

“Park Moon-dae this is why you practice so much…”

“yes.”

And I also realized what effect Cheongryeo was aiming for.

‘The sophistication stands out ridiculously.’

As this program is old it has a stage design that is suitable for the tastes of the main audience and is suitable for emotionally appealing to the classic middle-aged audience.

That’s not a bad thing but the point to dig into is that everyone is using that method.

‘This stage stands out alone.’

That’s why the impression of Cheongryeo and Park Moon-dae’s stage which made popular music in the early 2000s like the essence of the latest KPOP was doubled.

If you add a completely different color to similar colors wouldn’t it really stand out?

‘Of course if you can’t do it it will only create more discomfort.’

That part was achieved with tremendous stage composition and time.

And the reason he chose me was because he needed someone other than those who had already entered the military who would follow his instructions and grit his teeth to bring out quality.

‘I guess they were trying to gain public opinion to grow the company.’

As he himself admitted last time.

I saw signs of LeTi’s viral success that had already begun.

-Ah when Testa became independent LeTi invested a lot so it seems like they are joining the same line and not cutting it off from the company haha.

└Huh

└What is it then a one pot meal?

└It’s not a one-pot meal it’s just the same as next door? Haha.

└Ah it’s still interesting

I’ll probably be there all night and publish an article tomorrow to solidify the claim that ‘Testa has followed the LeTi line.’

In this way Testa lowers the suspicion and resistance to appearing on LeTi’s platform in the future and smoothly increases its own platform influence.

The mid- to long-term plan to increase the agency’s weight is being successfully implemented.

‘Honestly it wouldn’t be a very pleasant situation if I didn’t have anything to eat… ’

“Did the door there have fun…?”

“…”

I shrugged my shoulders in response to Sun Ah-hyun’s question.

Well one way or another it seems like the other party has gained a lot.

“It was worthwhile.”

That’s right.

“It would be good to learn this choreography style once.”

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled at my answer.

“Ugh. thank god. ah! The stage was very cool…”

“Yes! The arrangement and composition were interesting but most of all the stability in harmony and the skill in choreography were very impressive.”

“thanks.”

I nodded in a rather warm atmosphere.

“If you want to do more choreography like this… I can teach you…!”

That’s a bit much.

“thanks. “Let’s do it sometime when we have time.”

Just don’t take heart now.

To be honest I have hopes that my dancing stats will increase if I do more but the cost-effectiveness is not good…

Trying to raise your dance stats now when you can’t record your stats is not very time-efficient.

There are not only one or two other guys on the team who are good at dancing but from the perspective of working in a group the other one seems more attractive.

Raising my already core abilities to the peak.

therefore…

‘Maybe it would be better if it was a singing song.’

I’m curious what will happen if I get ‘EX’ for my singing ability.

…Like steer Cha Yu-jin’s talent stats.

I saw Cha Yu-jin sitting next to me pouring a whole piece of popcorn into her mouth remembering the guy flying around during Water Bomb.

“Hmm? Is there something wrong?”

“no.”

“OK. Oh bro the stage is great.”

Are you coming?

I turned my head and remembered.

…In fact Cha Yu-jin’s talent stat is back to S+.

‘Is it because my memories of the time when I steered have become very blurred?’

Or if certain conditions are met when I go on stage I might manifest as EX again… but I’m a little concerned.

‘There were also scenes I witnessed.’

-… after.

That guy who is watching Steer Cha Yu-jin’s Water Bomb performance on his smartphone in the living room at night.

Cha Yu-jin frowned and had an expression that did not indicate whether she was analyzing or feeling angry.

‘He’s a good guy who knows what he’s doing.’

As far as I’m concerned it would be nice if there was a hint…

[Survey available!]

[Tips\: You can customize the features with feedback through surveys.]

Not you.

I won’t do it.

‘This guy is persistent.’

Are you crying out for at least a stat-raising feature to be added? I removed the status window without even waving my hand.

“But it’s Mundaemundae.”

why.

“Are you holding a beer in your hand?”

“Oh they say you can drink it now.”

“who?”

“Brother Sejin.”

“oh.”

Naturally I quickly emptied the beer can put it down and thought again.

‘Anyway I got what I got and preparations went smoothly.’

When I think about what I got by walking on this featuring stage as a deal I actually feel like cracking open another beer as a souvenir.

I want to put it into action quickly but…

‘I need to lay some boards before that.’

Ether.

That new group that ‘benchmarked’ Testa.

It would be better to leave that rookie group no longer in trouble with Testa.

‘It would be good to make the company’s finances a little stronger as well.’

I chuckled as I changed the smartphone screen.

I saw a text message that arrived this morning.

[Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: Bro our practice is over haha]

Spacer’s comeback preparations are complete.

This is the beginning of a proxy war.
