---
title: "Chapter 500"
category: "book"
index: 499
section: "Chapter 500"
slug: "500"
---

# Chapter 500

Spacer’s comeback led by Park Moon-dae.

At first it seemed like it was just taking aim at the hiatus of male idols whose weight classes were heavenly.

This is the season when Cheongryeo’s comeback activities are about to end and Testa’s comeback activities are still only planned.

Therefore when the story of ‘Spacer’s comeback announcement’ was published in an article a few months ago there was no great response.

Because it’s natural.

[Spacer to enter the music industry this fall…”Preparing for an intense comeback]

-Finallyㅠㅠ

-I’m looking forward to it fighting~

-Who are they?

-Intense lol

Excluding random malicious comments the overwhelming majority of reactions were from existing Spacer fans. Since no exact announcement was made this means that the general public had very little expectations.

That was the end then.

And as time passed Spacer’s planned comeback became something that only fans remembered.

A group has started promoting a large-scale comeback.

[Eter (ĭter) October comeback notice! [Advance of the Monster Rookie]

It’s Ether.

Since they left a brilliant impression with their debut activities they plan to promote once more within this year to continue the momentum.

This too was natural.

‘Let’s solidify the rookie award.’

It also meant that I was confident in the song and concept. Park Moon-dae guessed that they probably already prepared it together with their debut song a long time ago.

‘It would take some time until the end of the year for the grades to be reflected so I thought it would come out in the fall.’

In a way it was good news that Summer Pool featuring Eter was completely buried by Testa’s Water Bomb.

There was no need for a harsh comparison and even Eter’s fans quietly passed on without even mentioning it.

So while maintaining their status as a major rookie Eter’s agency Wonder Hall announced their comeback date and even announced a pre-sale notice to the media.

It’s the third week of October!

‘good.’

Park Mun-dae checked it with satisfaction.

And after some time.

Suddenly one after another as if I had been waiting articles appeared.

[Orbit Stars Entertainment “Spacer’s comeback is in early October”]

[The male idol competition in the music industry is coming in October…”From Spacer to Eter”]

[‘World Tour KPOP’ Spacer’s Comeback October Music Industry Male Idol Match Will Be Successful]

Spacer’s specific comeback schedule has been announced.

And the fact that Eter was making a comeback around the same time was subtly emphasized.

The timing is only 2 weeks apart!

The spacer came first too.

In other words the image strategy of beating Eter’s late-half performance which peaked and then declined and won did not work.

On the contrary it is a perfect situation for Eter to easily press the spacer.

-2nd army big clash?

– Looks like Eter will break the stamp properly

-ㅋㅋㅋ What kind of guts does Orbit have? Is it because it’s small and medium-sized?

└It seems like I lost my sense of humor while raising Testa.

Of course many netizens interested in idols were much more interested in Ether.

Spacer was already a senior not a rookie.

Moreover the existence of Testa who was perfectly compatible in terms of origin and ability had a negative impact on Spacer’s buzz and image from the moment they were formed.

It was something that could not be helped.

-I’m already looking forward to seeing what kind of new concept Eter will bring. I’ve been waiting for a rookie like this who has only one path in K-pop.

-Oh Eter if they pick a good song this time they will probably be confirmed for the 1st team haha.

– Haha it would be really funny if Spacer tried to take a concept-filled route in a hurry and was pushed out by Eter but it’s already a post-test.

The low-level aggro level of interest only maintained the buzz.

Moreover by this time communities and social media interested in idols were already hot with other topics.

The collaboration stage between Cheongryeo and Park Moon-dae!

Fans’ reactions to the unexpected collaboration between two first-tier male idols!

For reference this is what it felt like.

-Like a dog

-Muggle bastards are making comparisons. It’s all because of Kim Tae-in a crazy bastard who invested the money he made through V-Tik into some shady company. He’s dead.

-Don’t get involved slut.

“…”

It was very hot…

Still the public response itself was good.

They praised both Cheongryeo and Park Moon-dae and said that it was an unexpected friendship and the well-chosen stage attracted a lot of attention and was a huge success.

In particular the fact that two people from different groups sing two songs with completely different concepts in harmony makes it more impressive and fun in a meta way.

To top it all off it was even ranked among the most popular videos on overseas WeTube.

-The moment when a wish I didn’t even know I wanted came true

-Maaaapsosa They are so cool! (eye heart emoticon)

-God when did we do a performance like this? That’s right I don’t need to know why. I just want to see more performances like this! (flaming emoticon)

-VT Star. That’s my dream group ☺

However it was inevitable that the more this happened the more the die-hard fans of both sides became depressed…

They have been hostile for several years due to various incidents. A member of my group who hahahahahahahaha with a rival group that has deep emotional rifts!

-Please let’s just stop here. I’ll kill you if you plan a joint trip like this.

-I didn’t watch Orbit that way but after all

Of course I couldn’t say this openly on the water. Anyway it was undoubtedly true that the stage reaction was good.

So the trend was to try to somehow rationalize the situation and get over it by circulating cropped versions of GIFs and videos of only one person’s performance on social media.

In a word a period of stimulation and turmoil!

Meanwhile Ether and Spacer’s comeback?

It was a bit annoying to the Testa fandom and not that big of a deal to the public.

-If you feel like you’re getting stomach pain due to copycat try Water Bomb to get some relief.

-I’m so angry that they’re going to hit the unflown kids again.

-I’m just looking at the stars.

Thanks to the huge box office success of this album and the huge popularity it gained from Waterbomb fans were not too anxious.

I thought Spacer and Eter would make a comeback in such a dull atmosphere.

That is until Spacer’s teaser appeared.

[Spacer ‘Hello’ Teaser]

The teaser itself did not cause a huge stir.

It was just a short cut of the Spacer members happily going about their daily lives over a good song.

-You’re handsomeㅠㅠ

-Their voice… OMG

-THIS SONG WILL BE AMAZING

The song was addictive even after just a passing listen.

Spacer’s composition member created the top notes Kim Rae-bin participated in the arrangement and Park Moon-dae verified it with his characteristic ‘grasping ear’ so it came out smoothly.

Ambitious plan!

However there was no public listening to the song as it included a teaser for a male idol that they were not interested in and as usual the usual scene unfolded with domestic and foreign fans leaving comments.

However Spacer’s new title was not something that could only be seen in the teaser.

A few days later.

-Is this our kids’ song?;; (link)

A link was posted on fans’ SNS.

‘what?’

People who click on the link without thinking are immediately shocked.

“…!”

I could hear the familiar voices of Spacer members and the melody I had already heard in the teaser.

However that was not a video posted by Orbit Stars their agency.

[My own hydrating delicious sports drink!]

[Honey Shake Water]

The sight of several people taking turns taking turns sipping a particular beverage after a hard day.

Edited to 15 seconds it was… a WeTube advertising video advertising a new drink.

Spacer’s title was used as background music.

-??

-What is this?

It’s a CM song.

Spacer provided a song with only slightly modified lyrics from their title song to be used in a product commercial for a company that was marketing very aggressively.

For free!

Of course it was a confidential agreement.

Park Moon-dae almost lost the system by trying to find this company that was conducting aggressive marketing and had an advertisement scheduled around the same time as Spacer’s comeback.

‘Damn information power.’

In any case the efforts of the working-level staff with the allowance paid off and the contract was ultimately concluded successfully.

In fact it is nothing but a unilateral donation from Orbit Stars Entertainment!

Still if we had not had expectations about the song we might not have been able to sign the contract but the value of Kim Rae-bin’s name written on the arranger was great.

‘Because he’s already composed a successful OST song.’

The other company eventually put their stamp on the word that the composer of ‘Black hole’ which resonated at this Water Bomb performance participated as a main participant in the arrangement.

So now.

[Hi Hi Hello

Can you hear this voice?

If you can hear me please answer now]

Spacer’s songs are being exposed to smartphone users across the country.

Moon-Dae Park deliberately logged out of his WeTube account and even checked the frequency of exposure of the advertisement.

‘It’s significant.’

It was very satisfying to be broadcast like this for almost a week.

‘Anyway our company is not in a situation where we can aggressively increase TV exposure.’

This agency has had a lot of broadcasts cut off due to a dispute with T1.

Even with last year’s target idol Testa and popular female idol Mirinae there were really few programs that Spacer could appear in right away.

‘Then expose it to the public on the other side.’

In this way various versions of the company’s beverage advertisement were broadcast on WeTube.

In other words the most popular and catchy chorus part in Spacer’s new title has been floating around in users’ heads.

-What song is this?

└I found this (link)

└ㄱㅅㄱㅅ

It was a strategy that the first team could not use.

This is because handing over one’s title as advertising music upon release could easily be linked to the album image or name value.

But the effect was clear.

As long as the song is good there is no promotion more certain than increasing exposure.

Moreover it is an unbiased exposure.

‘Even people who ignore male idol songs are a bit different once they focus on the image of a commercial song.’

As soon as the Spacer members heard the story they agreed to try it unconditionally.

In particular this album is said to be the album in which the members have participated the most so far.

So to put it simply the Spacer members were also in this state.

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: I really wish at least one more person would listen to it ㅠㅠ

So there was nothing rough.

Popularity.

Everything is set up according to that!

Moreover there is a decisive task here.

-It’s easy to see haha.

-The song is good. I’ll have a look.

Spacer calmly removed the MV.

A clean story without excessive conceptual worldview or fictional elements.

The MV was effortless with a sporty choreography scene shot on an outdoor basketball court on a nice day and a story about the boys posting the video on their social media.

It only maximizes visual beauty and good feeling.

Because the barrier to entry was minimal there were few people who were turned away from the music video.

That’s how Spacer’s song began to go viral.

[Advertising CM of the Year selected by me (subjectively if you refute that I may be wrong you are right)]

[Did you know this was a spacer song?]

[Honey Shack? If you search for what advertising song is this does it come up?]

* * *

And five days later.

Spacer’s song slowly climbed the music charts and entered the top 40.

Immediately after finishing &lt;Azusa&gt; if you exclude the debut album the highest ranking!

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: Ahhhhh

-Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠShould we go up further? No I’m satisfied even if I can’t climb higher but should I still be greedy? What do you think?

-Calm down.

Park Moon-dae laughed while looking at the strange KakaoTalk message sent by Kwon Hee-seung but in fact he was reminded of the limitations of this strategy.

‘If things continue like this it will be difficult for the music to rise further.’

This is because there is one more drawback to making it a CM song.

Fatigue builds up.

If you continue to watch forced advertisements you will develop animosity.

‘Plus once you realize that it’s an idol song the effect starts to diminish.’

Now turning around the music charts was no different from luck.

And the other agency also knows this.

‘Wonderhole.’

Eter’s agency.

Even during the Cha Yu-jin incident last time they were the ones who found out about the runaway from home in real time and planned it.

Park Moon-dae also knew that there was someone in this company who was leaking words in that direction.

But I deliberately didn’t catch it now.

‘Let’s just use it once.’

He put a lot of effort into creating a trap.

Spacer’s comeback was also intentionally scheduled for two weeks before Ether. To make it look appetizing.

And the shortcomings of this promotion were not intentionally hidden. It was intentionally left unattended so that Wonder Hall could obtain relevant information. Make your weaknesses clear.

“yes.”

[Ether teaser release imminent… Monster rookie takes over the music industry]

So as a result Eter does not have to adjust the comeback schedule.

‘I think I can beat Spacer at least.’

Their shortcomings seemed clear and they calculated that if they made a comeback anyway they would be able to push their popularity.

‘Anyway for male idols building a fandom is more important than popularity.’

Rather they may have thought that the spacer would receive enough attention that it would be perfect to eat it up.

However there was something that Eter overlooked.

“good.”

Park Moon-Dae’s side had been gnashing their teeth at planning this scenario for months.

And that night.

A post like this was secretly posted on an internet community.

——————==

[Spacer’s music is doing well]

But am I the only one who thinks of Tea Holic for no reason as does this title concept?

——————==

-Wow I thought it was just me! Haha a bit of a tea-holic in the early stages? Songs from when a regular entertainment show appeared for a long time haha.

└That’s right it’s a bit refreshing and not complicated… Something like a hoodie stage costume suddenly comes to mind when Ha Jin-tae has brown hairㅠㅠ

-I know what you mean haha.

-Huh it’s not similar at all.

└Ah I didn’t just mean that they looked similar it meant that they felt similar. There was no pressure and this was the point.

The story was that Spacer’s music video subtly overlapped with T-Holic’s heyday.

This opinion did not receive much rejection or sarcasm.

This is because T Holic’s group’s heyday was long past and Spacer did not have an image that could be held in check.

It was just a tone that boasted the insight of an enthusiast.

-But it’s kind of funny. Eter is a concept-filled testa line and this spacer is like the T-holic line on the other hand.

└ㅋㅋㅋK-pop is exciting

After a day or two it received a small amount of attention from the community and a few die-hard idol fans were talking about it.

Articles began to appear.

[Spacer who resembles T-Holic Eter who resembles Testa… Mixed views of the agency]

[Will Spacer become the next Tea Holic?]

But this time it wasn’t from Ether.

‘You guys are the only ones who know how to unplay.’

It was published by Park Moon-dae’s Orbit Stars Entertainment.

An article linking Spacer with Tiholic Ether and Testa.

It’s framing.

Combining composition and narrative!

In this way Park Moon-dae began to reverse the group positioning that Eter had done during his debut.
