---
title: "Chapter 502"
category: "book"
index: 501
section: "Chapter 502"
slug: "502"
---

# Chapter 502

Here is an old public broadcast program.

A program that had already passed its peak and continued its existence before ending in a shabby way.

‘But the name is famous thanks to its heyday.’

In short most people know this program but have no intention of watching it anymore.

An entertainment show that sucked all the buzz and fun out of it and ended.

If this program receives a favorable opportunity through personal connections and manages to start a renewal season… will there be any expectations?

Is it possible to get a casting worthy of the name he earned long ago in his heyday?

The answer is obvious.

‘It won’t work.’

Celebrities and their agencies are not stupid and popular people will appear on popular programs these days. You’ll already be getting invitations.

‘Why would you choose such a dangerous thing?’

It is eliminated at the point when there is a better alternative.

‘And… even considering the nature of the program it’s unreasonable.’

This is because this entertainment show is a ranked contest program.

&lt;True Battle&gt;.

Maybe some people remember this name.

This is because Kim Rae-bin who read all the documents on the first day of the meeting raised his hand and shouted.

“It’s the same program that ran when we debuted as Wishz!”

“that’s right.”

This is a program by a joint group of Testa and VTIC that debuted at LeTi in a virtual world created by the system.

“Oh I remember. That program was famous. But why are you ruining it now?”

“That was already a few years ago.”

“Oh…”

There it was a successful contest program that even reached season 7 but here as more time passed we faced a slightly different reality.

As time went by reaching Seasons 15 and 16 the topic became less and less popular and the original PD left again causing a failure.

I calmly declared the solemn truth.

“And the industry consensus is that the renewed version coming out this time will probably fail…”

“…”

‘I can’t help it.’

It’s hard to cast famous cast members because it’s been so well known that expectations are low.

However since the name is valuable if recruiting famous actors fails it will be a rebound and a failure and you will not be able to dream.

It’s just… I don’t get any attention and I’m headed to hell.

In short it is a failed program destined to fail.

Even Keun Se-jin who was holding up the documents clicked his tongue.

“Wow you even included survival rules.”

“Well recruiting people must be difficult.”

In the meantime it is said that in order to make it more provocative they have adopted a survival format rather than a competition which makes it more difficult to recruit names.

‘There is a higher chance of losing money by coming out so what’s the point of coming out if you’ve already made it?’

It’s not for nothing that existing survival programs feature amateurs who have not yet debuted or people who have debuted but are not famous.

If you have more to gain than to lose shouldn’t you be willing to endure situations like being eliminated and laughed at?

‘PD must be in pain too.’

So realistically there was only one route to overcome this situation.

-At least one star with a very high name value is confirmed to appear.

From there you can start recruiting.

The moment when it is confirmed that you can raise your game based on that and even if you lose you can be recognized by the public by saying ‘I fought well’ and ‘I can’t help it.’

Depending on each individual’s situation there may be plenty of names willing to appear.

However even when the program was about to be scheduled it was not possible to find such a big star cast (of course)…

“…But you’re saying we’re going to go out anyway.”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin narrowed his eyes with an expression that said he had a lot to say. Liu Chengwu smiled awkwardly.

“The production crew’s reaction was good.”

“Of course it is!”

okay.

Sure enough when Testa waved the bait at the program he got asked right away.

-I think this is the first time something like this has happened at another broadcasting station… You are very proactive.

According to the agency’s staff it is unheard of for a public broadcaster’s production team to make such a polite and earnest request for a meeting.

That’s right. These guys were desperate for a popular celebrity totem.

What if Testa becomes that totem at this time?

“Thanks to us I think they will do a good job editing once the difficulties in casting the program are resolved. and…”

“and?”

“I think I can leave a good impression on MBS through this program.”

“…!”

You become a contributor to the launch of the renewed edition.

&lt;Re-listing! The same position as in Idol Co. Ltd. was possible.

Although it is a public broadcasting network that is now losing popularity to OTT programs there are still many corners to be missed from year-end song festivals to music broadcasts and weekend entertainment.

‘And you can’t pamper us like you owe us money for letting us debut.’

It is possible to build a cooperative relationship on equal footing.

He only talks about being the son of a public broadcaster but in reality he is an ally.

Besides there is one more advantage.

“And the producer’s rank is high. I think it will work better.”

“Oh… I see.”

A person who has been promoted due to accumulated years of leave and good connections will have more influence within the company than a newbie who has just been appointed.

But Keun Se-jin got straight to the point.

“But isn’t influence more important than rank? “Seeing that you were in charge of this program I thought you might be the type of person who works according to your own personality rather than career advancement.”

If you look at the fact that he is in charge of a damn program it means that he is a bully who got caught up in company politics and ended up doing nothing.

I chuckled.

“There was another reason why you took on this program.”

“okay?”

“uh. “He started his career as a producer at a broadcasting company with Season 3 of this program.”

“ah.”

Perhaps it was because of that regret that they decided to renew it but it means that the broadcasting station had no expectations for this program so much so that even at that level they could not raise much of the budget.

If you look at the programs that PD Lee has been in charge of so far the entertainment batting average is quite high.

“Then if it goes well this time… Oh the broadcasting station will be very surprised. And the PD is also recognized~”

“Wow that’s a good result for everyone…!”

Keun Se-jin may have meant that we would have a lot to eat through the synergy of all of this but in any case Sun Ah-hyun seemed happy that it would be of great help not only to us but also to the production team.

‘Well both are correct.’

But for all of this to come true there is one premise.

“For that to happen we must win.”

An overwhelming victory recognized by the overwhelming majority of viewers.

stage.

Without that all of this is negative.

This means that the moment Testa makes even the slightest mistake it is a crazy act that completely reduces the name value he has built up as a member of the first team.

But still.

“As long as you win this is the best.”

Once the airwaves were established it was easy to negotiate with other platforms. Because the hurdles are lowered.

If we do well T1 may be able to appear on affiliate entertainment shows as well…

‘If only that happens.’

Now you no longer have to worry about domestic promotions.

“Hmm… We have to keep being popular and topical in Korea so people will listen to our music even if we target it overseas.”

“yes.”

“wait for a sec.”

Bae Se-jin intervened.

“Isn’t that a bit reckless? There’s no guarantee that these production crews will do that. “Even if we do well we can fail due to other factors. This is our job.”

“…”

“…I didn’t say this because I wanted to ruin the mood. “I just… think I need to say it at least once.”

embrace.

“yes. “You’re right.”

“…!”

“And actually even if we don’t come here we won’t suddenly go bankrupt.”

If Testa is satisfied with its position and wants to see a gradual decline it is actually okay not to do this.

I have ridden the Daesang and participated in a world tour and the Testa’s name will be vividly remembered for at least two years.

but.

“But if you want to keep moving up even as you get older you have to find a platform somehow.”

Like the current VTIC.

Now was the most important time.

“…”

Bae Se-jin nodded with a slightly heavy expression. And a slightly solemn look flashes on the other guys’ faces as well.

“OK I’m totally ready for that! “Let’s get out there quickly!”

Except that guy.

The other guys nodded ignoring Cha Yu-jin’s cries as if they had made a promise.

“We will do it by majority vote.”

“good.”

And then the voting began.

Raebin Kim brought his laptop and ran an anonymous voting program.

The result…

“It’s unanimous.”

Everyone votes in favor.

“There’s no point in being anonymous?”

“I know.”

The members looked at each other and laughed.

So we decided to take a risk and take a leap that seemed reckless at first glance.

And soon after this news the embargo was lifted under the active leadership of MBS.

[‘Return of the Legend’ &lt;Jinseong Competition&gt; Will I Participate in the National Idol Test?]

And the fans’ reaction exploded.

* * *

At first no one believed it.

-???

-Why is Testa here?

-Why?; I don’t think it’s possible I’m not stupid

The probability of a first-tier idol appearing on a survival program that suddenly fails and gets renewed.

In fact I had to assume it didn’t exist. If you’re not careful you’ll only end up losing a lot of money so why take that risk and go on tour at that time?

However the article appeared again and the facts were confirmed by reporters who even called Testa’s company.

[Testa confirms appearance on MBS &lt;True Battle&gt;…”We will show you an intense stage”]

The fan reaction at that moment… First I will give an example from under the water full of merciless individual fans.

-Are you kidding me again?

-Eupseomdaeng is this true?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

└I’m sorry Gommer. I won’t stop you from being friends with Toemultic. Please save me.

…It seemed like it gave people stomachaches again following the performance featuring Cheongryeo.

‘I’ll win and pay you back.’

In this situation if Testa gains extravagant benefits from that program it will actually kill the taste. Because I wouldn’t have expected it.

And losing on stage as a member of this group?

‘I’m rather unsure of my quality.’

No matter how high people’s expectations are I don’t think we’ll fall behind if we’re just setting up the stage.

In fact even now if we do information warfare our weakness is…

[Survey available!]

[Tips\: You can customize the features with feedback through surveys.]

Yeah I don’t use it.

Does it seem like information is urgent right now? I don’t know how many times this has happened.

‘Jingle bastard.’

You don’t give up.

It doesn’t matter.

I laughed inwardly when I saw the pop-up.

‘Spacer’s comeback was successful and the drama starring Bae Se-jin will be released soon.’

Now what if we perform well in this program and then make a comeback?

This means that the company’s rating goes up as planned.

And looking at Kwon Hee-seung’s last case if you raise the company’s level it is possible to absorb additional ‘■■■ fragments’.

‘Then it means that we can also absorb what Cheongryeo has.’

Geoldal is also diligently looking into the internal algorithm of this ‘company system’.

If done well it could all be finished before Cheongryeo goes to serve in the military.

therefore.

‘You don’t need it.’

Without hesitation I removed the pop-up without even making a gesture. And it was just as I was trying to focus on the stage plan again.

“…?”

Suddenly a translucent blue color appeared in my vision.

As if he were wearing sunglasses.

‘what?’

I didn’t know what it was for a moment but the moment I focused my eyes on that blue color I knew what it was.

that…

It was a huge pop-up.

Floated in front of my nose.

[Detecting owner’s dissatisfaction!]

“…!”

Like protesting.

and…

[[Start automatic re-update ‘For Company Use’]

for a moment.
