---
title: "Chapter 503"
category: "book"
index: 502
section: "Chapter 503"
slug: "503"
---

# Chapter 503

System automatic re-update?

The moment I saw the pop-up saying something crazy my head started spinning furiously.

Considering the incident that occurred during the last update what needs to be prioritized right now is…

‘stop!’

[An error may occur when you force stop automatic updates.]

You bitch.

If I did this I couldn’t just stop it because I didn’t know that something terrible would happen.

Once I confirmed the situation I had to move.

‘And… in the last update steer Cha Yu-jin woke up.’

then.

I immediately got up from my seat and started looking around each room.

“Mumundae?”

“Why are you running around like that… Huh?”

“Hyung are you working out?”

And found it.

There was one guy who hit his head and fell while working on his laptop.

There was one guy who passed out while reading an e-book in bed.

And… there is one guy at the desk who is looking at the program introduction leaning his head on the bookshelf and closing his eyes.

“…”

Raebin Kim Sejin Bae Cheongwoo Ryu.

Three people.

I almost bit my tongue.

Let’s think about it with common sense.

‘Can three people suddenly fall asleep at the same time?’

And only those who stated that they ‘felt dizzy for a moment’ during the last system update?

And I wasn’t the only one who had similar thoughts.

As soon as I was briefed on the situation the expressions on the faces of those who were awake changed.

“Wait a minute this can’t be right…”

“Seriously? “Is this happening again?”

I again racked my brain over the guys who had begun an urgent discussion about whether I should go to the emergency room.

What caused this?

And I reflected on the contents of the pop-up that appeared earlier.

‘Detecting owner dissatisfaction… Re-update?’

At that moment an idea struck my head.

no way.

…Are you saying that they did this because they judged me to be ‘dissatisfied’ because I kept ignoring that damn survey without even touching the system?

‘Damn it.’

In short doesn’t it sound like he’s going to keep adjusting the system until I can use him?

‘Do you know what kind of customer satisfaction CS is?’

It was even creepy.

Because of the lifeline of the VTIC leader who had to face mission failure without a status window the company system was kept alive but there were too many variables.

‘…as if there is an ego.’

The human figure of the system that allowed conversation before being destroyed came to mind. A slight chill went down my spine.

However this does not mean that we are not prepared for this situation.

‘Of course there have been times when we assumed that the update incident would happen again.’

With someone who has experienced it.

“…”

I made eye contact with Cha Yu-jin. The guy nodded slightly.

‘There’s already a guy who has memories of the time when he steered.’

Even if all three of them are rolled back to that time… as long as they blow up that damn public broadcast survival program they will be able to survive more stably than before.

‘No in fact from their point of view this may be better than being alone.’

If these symptoms occur in many people there is a problem that can be definitely prevented.

Feeling of isolation.

This is a situation where I am suddenly thrown into an unfamiliar environment and start to question my sanity.

It was the same with Cha Yu-jin but that’s what makes people difficult.

‘But the side effects… ’

“…If this continues almost half of our members might forget what they were doing right?”

“…”

I clenched my teeth and released them.

I can’t even dream of group activities until it’s restored to its original state.

“sorry.”

“…!”

Big Sejin’s face changed in an instant and he smiled faintly and slapped his shoulder.

“Mundae why are you creating responsibilities that don’t exist? “I’m just sorting out the situation~”

No it is my responsibility.

However if I told the guy who was trying to lighten the mood that it was my responsibility it would only ruin the mood so I decided not to do that to make myself feel better.

So instead we took action.

“I am against the hospital. [You lose your memory and wake up in a hospital bed? It’s so typical. “They’ll probably misunderstand that I’m making fun of you.]”

“But… I think it’s necessary to contact you just in case.”

“yes. Oh and the top priority is to be prepared to explain things well when the members wake up. yes?”

The conclusion was like this.

First wait at your accommodation.

However to enable a quick explanation we decided to organize the story by collecting evidence from the hotel through photos and the data WeTube portal site.

“I contacted the manager so I could go to the emergency room right away if there was a problem!”

“okay.”

Finally a dramatic agreement was made to try to wake them up if they didn’t wake up within 30 minutes and if they still didn’t wake up go to the hospital.

And we sat down each watching one room at a time.

The tension filled the room as if I was breaking into a cold sweat.

How many minutes had passed?

A signal has arrived.

“…! W here…!”

“…!!”

It was Sun Ah-hyun who shouted.

We immediately ran to where he was standing guard.

The place where Sun Ah-hyun was…

‘Bae Se-jin.’

It was his cell.

Sun Ah-hyun who had already entered the room and was standing next to the bed turned her head and shouted.

“I think you’ll wake up…!”

Bae Se-jin was clearly wiggling her facial muscles.

‘after.’

A tense moment.

“Uhm…”

“…”

Bae Se-jin stood up frowning and pressing his eyes.

And I put my energy into my head even tighter.

Steer Bae Se-jin?

That guy is a person who was falsely accused of using drugs at the beginning of his debut was expelled from the group and probably went to prison.

‘There is a high possibility that he is an idol and a fool and is very tired of the entertainment industry life.’

In severe cases the probability of distrust of humans is quite high.

Aside from everything else wouldn’t the uncooperative behavior during &lt;Azusa&gt; have gotten worse instead of getting better?

So I was thinking about taking a more cautious approach.

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth blankly.

Wait… far away?

“…What are you doing?”

“…??”

“…?!”

You’re fine.

On the contrary Bae Se-jin seemed to be frightened when he saw the idiot-like people looking down at him while he was sleeping in his room.

“Oh!! “Brother are you out of your mind?!”

“Of course you are sane! “No you fell asleep while reading a book and now you’re telling me…”

And as I looked around I was embarrassed to see the condition of the guys who had even brought photo albums with them.

“What is that again?”

“…That’s it.”

i get it.

I guess… it’s not this guy.

After a quick summary of the situation.

Soon Bae Se-jin also joined this trend.

The guy who came out into the hallway looked at Kim Rae-bin’s room and Ryu Cheong-woo’s room alternately with a distraught expression and muttered.

“…So you’re saying I could end up like Cha Yu-jin last time?”

“You talk harshly.”

“What are you going to say?”

Bae Se-jin whose attack power increased by asking ‘Are you out of your mind?’ growled at Cha Yu-jin. It was a very peaceful picture considering how shitty it was.

But I took advantage of this opportunity to think about what I had to do.

First of all we know that Bae Se-jin’s memories from the time of steering have not returned… but we don’t know what the two remaining guys will be like.

So that is.

‘Should I tell you?’

I heard you went through quite a bit of hardship in your previous life.

‘Getting the sale in advance might help you mentally prepare.’

In the end I called Bae Se-jin who was holding the e-book reader and looking distraught.

“Hyung wait…”

“uh?”

It was then.

“Huh!”

A sound erupted from the outer room.

It was Raebin Kim’s room.

“Ravin!”

Everyone this guy and that guy ran down the hallway in a hurry and ran into the room.

And this time the situation we face is…

“It seems like a side effect of an energy drink! “I tasted a product from company P that was newly released this month…”

“wait for a sec.”

hey.

“Ravin. “How are you now?”

Kim Rae-bin who was blinking answered calmly.

“…? “I feel refreshed thanks to the nap…?”

“…”

It’s fine as is.

The members lost out after two consecutive saves.

“after.”

“Oh didn’t it just happen that everyone fell asleep?”

“…Everyone has been overexerting themselves these days.”

“Ugh we all stayed up late yesterday in a meeting about appearing on that program…”

“The right answer was not to go to the hospital. “I’m smart.”

Now everyone is wondering if it was just a coincidence.

‘…indeed.’

I asked the confused Kim Rae-bin once again.

“Do you suddenly remember memories that never existed?”

“Nothing in particular… Ah is there a memory I really need to remember?”

“no.”

Rather it went well.

I patted the guy on the head and came out of the room. It seemed like the other guys were sticking by Kim Rae-bin and explaining the situation.

‘Then the only one left now is Ryu Chengwu.’

This may not be a big deal either but let’s not relax.

Even if you don’t lose your ego sometimes strange things can happen.

“Now let’s wait in front of here.”

“Hmm.”

So all the members ended up waiting in Ryu Cheong-woo’s room.

but…

“…it’s too narrow.”

“…”

It was quite uncomfortable with 7 adults crammed into the room.

‘hmm.’

Is it okay to just stay like this? Since the previous two attempts were fine now is the time to try something a little bolder.

As a test I stood up and called out to Liu Chengyu who was leaning against the bookshelf.

I was wondering if this might be able to wake me up if I was really asleep.

“brother.”

“…”

There was no response.

‘I guess it wasn’t like that.’

I let go of more expectations and changed the way I sing.

By referring to this guy exactly.

“Liu Qingwu.”

It was that moment.

“…!”

Liu Chengwu suddenly opened his eyes.

“It’s mom!”

“Did he originally wake up like this?”

“It’s like a Cult movie now.”

As they each added a word I internally held back a sigh of relief.

If you open your eyes when your name is called it’s obvious.

‘This guy was just asleep.’

Well considering that I didn’t fall but was leaning against a bookshelf that might be the case. If I had known this would happen I would have just woken everyone up a long time ago instead of being careful and waiting.

‘I have to explain that I made a bit of a fuss… ’

“…Who are you?”

“…”

“…”

for a moment.

I checked Liu Chengwu’s face.

Instead of gentleness the guy’s face showed a faint look of wariness and confusion.

And that expression became stronger the moment I looked behind me.

“Cha Yujin? And Kim Rae-bin…”

“…”

This guy didn’t know Park Moon-dae.

But the fact that only those two people bothered to recognize me and called me… I see.

I opened my mouth without stopping.

“Is your group’s name by any chance Steer?”

“yes? Yes I did. But what is the situation now…”

“…”

X done…

* * *

Ryu Cheng-wu returned to his steer days.

“thank you.”

I handed him an unopened bottle of water out of concern that he might be wary but he was holding it and smiling without drinking it.

At least his expression showed some of the usual warmth.

“But first I would like to hear an explanation of the situation.”

“…yes.”

You must be wondering what kind of mess this is.

I quickly recalled the conversation I had with Cha Yu-jin.

Although he forgot a lot of details from his steer days he didn’t forget them completely.

So it means that we were able to hear the impression that Cha Yu-jin remembered about Ryu Cheong-woo at the time.

-At that time Chungwoo was a little scared. Let’s all be careful.

-In a way I said that.

-[So what I mean is… typical burnout and especially twisted strength?]

‘What are you saying?’

Cha Yu-jin herself did not give a very good example.

However I understand that it must be handled delicately like a bomb.

‘Maybe even more than Cha Yu-jin.’

Don’t you remember the last time you ruined your relationship with steer Cha Yu-jin to the point where she even ran away from home?

As a teacher on the other hand we began explaining to Ryu Cheong-wu in a very serious almost solemn manner.

“…So now we are a group called Testa.”

“hmm.”

Explanations of evidence including visual materials and Internet access and witnesses appeared one after another. I am confident that there is no shortage of data.

However even after hearing the explanation Steer Liu Chengwu remained silent for a while. I just checked the provided data a few more times.

“…”

‘I guess I was wrong this time too.’

It may be difficult to believe it right away.

I guess I’m not the type of person who is interested in unrealistic things like this…

“okay.”

“…”

hmm?

Suddenly a neat affirmative statement appeared.

Even Cha Yu-jin was embarrassed and asked back.

“Brother do you trust us?”

“Well… it’s hard to believe but it’s also hard to not believe. “You can’t manipulate the portal site.”

Ryu Cheng-wu touched the back of his head and smiled bitterly as he looked at the screen of the portal site that several members had accessed several times using the smartphones they held out.

Then he turned his attention to the albums I had handed out and then looked back at me with an expression that I couldn’t tell if he was smiling or frowning.

“You can’t manipulate all of this.”

“…”

“So you have a schedule right now right? “It would be best if you shared that as soon as possible.”

hmm?

“yes?”

Ryu Cheong-woo casually answered Kim Rae-bin’s question.

“Well rather than suddenly taking a break from group activities I think it would be better for me to handle it to some extent.”

“…!”

Liu Chengwu looked back at the unfamiliar members and smiled a little embarrassed.

“First of all I am confident in my skills and perseverance.”

wait for a sec.

‘X didn’t happen… didn’t it?’

And the situation began to take an unexpected turn.
