---
title: "Chapter 504"
category: "book"
index: 503
section: "Chapter 504"
slug: "504"
---

# Chapter 504

Immediately after Steer Liu Chengwu woke up.

Stage practice… went extremely smoothly.

“Then let’s start with this song. Is it okay?”

“We are thankful…”

Ryu Cheong-woo quickly learned Testa’s latest and hit songs which the members had carefully selected without saying anything.

Keun Se-jin was embarrassed by the fact that he was actively learning more than just teaching the song and choreography.

“Oh my brother. There is no problem with us if we take a break and slow down the tempo~ After all the tour is taking a break as we enter the country now!”

“okay.”

But Liu Chengwu stuck to his attitude.

He wasn’t particularly unnecessarily wary or proud. We conducted the practice honestly and at a fast pace by asking questions clearly about what was needed.

‘hmm.’

It didn’t even stop there.

He even started monitoring original tester Ryu Cheong-woo’s stage video and various tester videos.

“If you need it I can tell you in more detail…!”

“ah. it’s okay.”

Despite Seon Ah-hyeon’s suggestions which made her nervous the guy calmly continued monitoring.

The reason was simple.

“I remember doing this song for the first time so I have to make up for what I lack in stage experience.”

“…”

“If necessary I’ll be shameless and ask you a question.”

“Oh no…! Please feel free to tell me anytime…!”

And Steer Ryu Cheong-woo has started to embody the feeling that Ryu Cheong-woo originally had in his latest song in a very similar way…

“…almost the same?”

“okay.”

It took just three days to get here. It felt like I was watching an extreme rehabilitation exercise.

So I can’t help but say this.

That evening.

[Just roll the dice-]

I checked on Ryu Cheong-woo through the door who was watching the stage video again on a large monitor in his room.

Then he turned his head and asked Cha Yu-jin who was robbing the kitchen.

“Do you have any idea why it’s like that?”

Isn’t it good because it’s cooperative?

Of course it’s good for work. I thought it would be

But whether this is really normal is another question.

‘When I woke up the world had changed but I accepted it so quickly?’

When I woke up in Park Moon-dae’s body I fell out of bed. It was only when the status window popped up that I accepted reality because I thought I would run into it if I lost my senses.

But how can a person be so calm just because people around him open his mouth?

He even treats the original Steer members and Bae Se-jin a former member well without much agitation.

Can humans do that?

‘Even if you’re a gold medalist in archery that’s true.’

Isn’t this a bit strange? If I were in this situation I might have grabbed someone and taken them hostage in order to find out the unvarnished truth.

‘It almost feels like Cha Yu-jin who ran away from home is the most common reaction.’

So I asked someone who had experienced it.

And this answer came back\:

“Umm… yeah. It’s strange. But I’m not sure.”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin herself also remembers large-scale events and feelings rather than details so specific analysis such as behavioral principles was impossible.

However the guy shrugged his shoulders and spoke with a rather serious expression.

[What is certain is that I don’t feel like that mysterious older brother is ‘pretending’ to cooperate with this team.]

hmm.

‘That’s… I agree too.’

If you pretend to cooperate while secretly thinking about getting hurt you will practice to the point of depletion of your stamina and it will show up subconsciously.

Isn’t a person’s composure originally derived from physical strength?

‘If the priorities are different they are read.’

But that steer Liu Chengwu was consistent. He was truly preparing for his stage part ‘sincerely’.

I don’t doubt that either.

‘then.’

I guess I can ask it myself.

He was not in a state where he was unable to communicate as much as steer Cha Yu-jin. Moreover since it seemed like I was observing my surroundings the other person would be able to sense that I didn’t have any malicious intent.

“Give me one.”

“Boo.”

So I took the popcorn that Cha Yu-jin had bought fried it and headed to her room together.

It’s convenient because my roommate happens to be the target.

“brother.”

“ah.”

Steer Liu Qingwu took his eyes off the monitor turned his head and smiled sadly as was his habit.

“Do you have anything to convey?”

“no. It’s not like that.”

I sat down next to him and handed him some popcorn. The guy looked a little surprised but took the popcorn without saying anything.

And I also chose my words while throwing popcorn into my mouth.

Don’t go too seriously.

“I was wondering if we might have put too much pressure on it. Even if you take a break from group activities problems won’t suddenly arise so it’s okay to stay comfortably until you get used to it.”

“…”

“If you’re in a hurry you can hang on.”

“hmm.”

Liu Chengwu laughed as if the wind had gone out. Yes I meant it to be funny.

‘I’m serious though.’

Open your mouth.

Fortunately the guy massaged the back of his neck as if to loosen it up and then opened his mouth with a faint smile.

“Yes I don’t feel pressured. It seemed like a group that was doing well so I thought each member should do well.”

“…”

“First of all I am a member.”

I felt something like a strange sentiment in his tone.

‘…are you trying to overlap with your own group?’

The steer this guy originally belonged to was disassembled mid-air.

However as of now Testa has renewed his contract and is doing well.

In Cha Yu-jin’s case I felt a sense of disconnect due to this difference but this guy seems to feel a kind of… responsibility even in his current state.

About maintaining the status quo.

‘hmm.’

Well this is all speculation but I know for sure that it is not an action done with malicious intent toward this team.

I nodded inwardly.

‘But there may be plans other than what was said.’

Besides I still don’t know what this guy is thinking so from now on I’ll try to steer the conversation in a direction that eases the tension.

“thank you. And stop talking. You are older.”

“Um… Haha is that right?”

Steer Liu Chengwu seemed to be thinking briefly but soon calmed down and spoke. This part hasn’t changed.

‘yes.’

The moment I tried to check this guy’s remaining vigilance by slowly bringing up other stories…

“Mundae-hyung is actually older.”

I almost threw the popcorn.

‘When did you come?’

When I looked back I saw Cha Yu-jin staring at my popcorn with a blank expression on her face.

‘Fry it and eat it yourself.’

Why does a person with a box full of boxes feel regretful about something that has already been taken away?

But once I handed it over to them I saw that they were happy to eat it so it was hard to say anything.

And as I turned my gaze towards Cha Yu-jin for a moment I heard Ryu Cheong-woo ask back in a curious voice.

“You’re old?”

“Mundae was originally an adult.”

“You are an adult too.”

“You know What I mean! Moon Dae-hyung mentally? He is older than Chungwoo. yep!”

“…”

Are you coming?

Liu Chengwu was not surprised because I had also told him a summary of my turbulent supernatural experience.

But that doesn’t mean I just smiled and understood it. That was completely embarrassing.

‘No Cha Yu-jin why did he bring up this story… I don’t know.’

Let’s think of it as an opportunity and talk about it.

“Strictly speaking that’s true.”

This is an opportunity to naturally lower your guard. I rubbed the back of my neck and opened my mouth.

“Well I’m just saying this… but I think it’s more important that I’m your brother’s relative.”

“huh?”

Isn’t the world originally based on school ties regional ties and blood ties?

Let’s go to the blood relationship meta.

“Well my name used to be Ryu Geon-woo. If you hear it you’ll know but it’s like the Pungsan Ryu clan.”

Steer Liu Chengwu looked dazed as if he had been hit on the head.

“I only went on a few family trips together when I was young. You probably don’t remember. You didn’t remember it before it was a family trip… there was only a video.”

“…”

There’s no answer. Was it a disaster?

‘If you think it’s a lie it’s ruined.’

It was that moment.

Liu Chengyu slowly opened his mouth.

“If you are older than me… do you wear glasses and read a lot?”

“…!”

no way.

“Remember?”

Steer Liu Chengyu frowned slightly.

“Um… Actually I don’t know how it came to be and I didn’t even know its name. When I try to remember I can only vaguely recall that I had a relative like that.”

The guy’s face brightened slightly.

“Looking at that reaction I guess my description is correct.”

“Oh!”

Cha Yu-jin admired it on my behalf and I was… a little dumbfounded.

Because I didn’t expect this.

‘You remember me?’

Come to think of it Testa Ryu Cheong-woo had never heard such specific situation conditions and tried to remember in his head who ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ was accordingly.

Before that I made sure to play the family travel video first.

Anyway let me come to my senses and answer.

“yes. I think that’s right for me.”

You are right.

“Oh!”

You can stop admiring it.

Anyway a faint smile appeared on Liu Chengyu’s face.

“amazing. I never thought I would meet a relative like this.”

“me too.”

“haha.”

And I realized once again that steer Ryu Cheng-wu had been quite nervous up until now.

‘Your attitude has changed.’

The gentleness was the same but the gestures seemed much more comfortable.

I guess they were on guard as expected.

‘I can’t not do it.’

Now this guy looks a bit like a human being.

And in this situation where strangers or people I knew had become unfamiliar to me meeting a relative made me feel like I had relaxed a bit.

Because it’s a simple and uncomplicated relationship.

“Then should I speak louder from now on? What did you do originally?”

“I just roughly mixed it up to suit my convenience.”

“Ahaha! Okay I’ll do that.”

I think the blood relationship meta worked successfully.

“Let’s start from here.”

“yes!”

After that Ryu Cheong-woo treated the members in a more mellow manner and it seemed like he stopped talking to all the members after a while.

and.

“I don’t think there’s a need to postpone the schedule for this program either. I can do it well.”

According to my firm will my participation in the survival program was not postponed and proceeded as planned.

And so the first stage filming began.

The good news is that it is not survival from the first stage.

This is a pre-release for program promotion purposes.

This is the self-introduction stage.

* * *

Renewal of &lt;True Battle&gt;.

For a name that is almost childishly solemn &lt;True Battle Final&gt; created quite a stir on the Internet.

It was thanks to the lineup.

[The reborn &lt;Jingeom Battle&gt; splendid cast revealed… from target idols to legendary vocalists.]

There were so many Named appearances that it was hard to believe that this was a renewal of a program that was already in decline.

The production team’s recruiting power exploded as they held onto Testa and worked hard to sell his name.

-As expected from a public broadcaster the lineup of singers is good. They are talented. I look forward to it.

-Soft and sweet reunion? Must watch live!

-Goddess Mudi with honey vocals~ I want to see you on stage quickly^^♡

-It’s surprising that MBS must have risked his life!

Even though this comment part-timer’s reaction poured in at the beginning of the article and promotional video it was overshadowed by the genuinely surprised comment reactions without much ridicule.

Of course there was one name that attracted the most attention in this lineup.

‘Testa!’

-Testa ㄹㅇ Is this coming out? Is this really true?

Usually it is only when groups large enough to receive the grand prize appear in survival shows that they are well past their prime.

Even that after much deliberation was barely enough to make an appearance.

For a group that has already risen in stature no matter how good the program’s prospects are it is no different from a poisoned chalice as it has a higher chance of diminishing the value of their name.

This is because it is easy to become a topical firewood or a sacrifice to earn a new name as ‘the rookie who beat that famous group’.

The same goes for program producers.

It is less unexpected and not fun for an already famous group to win.

Moreover Testa is a group that debuted from another broadcasting company’s survival program!

If there is a cast member who chooses a stage that is comparable to Testa or rather Testa I will give preference to that one!

-If you win Testa here T-Net &gt; public broadcast official will come out and I don’t think you’ll ever be able to win haha.

-It’s so sad to see Testa’s fans trying to prepare for when it’s already going bankrupt. It’s sad.

-Why did it come out?

Expectations were rising on the Internet which was unaware of some kind of agreement between PD and Testa.

Even if half of it is the expectation that we might see Testa fail.

But after a few days.

The moment the opening stage of &lt;True Competition&gt; was revealed on WeTube.

[Dream as blue as day]

People felt a sense of enlightenment.

-Ah haha

-I went on stage but nothing happened.

-I’m going to chew it again ㅇㅋㅇㅋ That’s how confident I am.

Each performer performs for one minute and touches the baton.

Testa’s self-introduction stage which appeared right before the end and was an exquisite remix of the debut and latest songs was as intense as it was short.

[Yeah!]

As only one minute was given it was a powerful performance that seemed to have removed the introduction and edited only the main text leaving only the core!

Just as any movie that is shown through a plot summary introductory video can be considered fun the fast-paced plot and stage with only wow points were perfect for modern people’s tastes.

-This is it.

-Wow it’s like a survival group.

-I’m really looking forward to the testa; crazy

Of course there were not only good points.

Testa was originally a group with extremely good recognition and popularity with ‘at best making up for it’ level in this program.

In addition the opening stage was impressive raising expectations that were already high.

Twin Homma who takes pictures of Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin also calmly made this assessment.

‘It would have been better to be reasonably ambiguous.’

However the die had already been cast and Testa had to begin the first survival contest under these conditions.

And it wasn’t that there was no way out.

‘If you do well enough to meet the sky-high expectations by the next competition stage… ’

An image that no one can refute is created.

The most important and impactful first impression in survival.

Testa allows you to start with your preconceived notions in a good sense.

And Testa himself knew it.

* * *

Immediately after the opening stage ended.

“Phew.”

“Thank you for your hard work~”

I had a hunch while I was backstage at the filming location of &lt;True Battle&gt;.

‘Well done.’

This was clear even without looking at the reaction.

Actually I wasn’t even worried. The only variable is steer Ryu Cheong-woo and just looking at the amount of practice and rehearsal performance over the past few days his angles can be seen.

‘He’s a guy who will never make a mistake.’

And he really put together a perfect performance. So much so that I was mistaken for a moment that he was actually Ryu Cheong-wu.

but…

‘I think I’m lost.’

The problem is that right after coming off the stage this guy’s condition is a bit strange.

“…”

Steer Liu Chengwu stood silently out of breath.

It was as if he was so shocked that even the staff looked at him.

‘It’s been so long.’

It would have been the first performance since the disbandment of Steer. It seems that Cha Yu-jin also had similar symptoms.

“Are you okay?”

I approached him and held out the water I was holding.

Liu Chengyu took it in a daze then lifted his head as if he had come to his senses.

Then I opened the cool water bottle and drank it.

Gulp.

after.

After almost emptying a water bottle like that.

“thank you… It’s been a long time since something like this happened.”

Ryu Cheong-woo smiled quite brightly and concentrated on monitoring himself behind the monitoring members.

‘You look okay.’

I chuckled.

Everything seemed to be going well.

Until then.
