---
title: "Chapter 505"
category: "book"
index: 504
section: "Chapter 505"
slug: "505"
---

# Chapter 505

The day of the first group recording of &lt;Jingeom Competition&gt;.

Greetings were exchanged among the cast which was filled with established and named names without any newcomers.

Testa was no exception.

“Oh my god it’s been so long guys!”

“Senior Mudi!”

First of all Mudi.

The singer who was a vocal trainer and judge on &lt;Azusa&gt; greeted us quite warmly when we entered the waiting room.

“Wow how many years ago was that already? Everything went so well that now I really need to get your autographs!”

“Ah~ What are you saying! We’re here to get our senior’s autographed album~ We’re begging you so earnestly please sign it senior!”

“Ahaha! What really!”

Sejin Lee That guy really picks out and says only what people want to hear.

-First of all I’ll try to talk as best as I can so let’s all stay calm~

For your information that guy is holding a talk show almost every day to fill the void left by leader Ryu Cheong-woo who has completely lost his memories of Testa.

Thanks to this the atmosphere became much more friendly.

“Ahyeon is still a deer~ Mundae can stop sending red ginseng on holidays now! I got it every time and I even talked about it on the radio!”

“ha ha ha!”

Mudi cheerfully gave words of encouragement and jokes to each member and finally turned his attention to the leader of Testa.

To be exact to the person who thinks he or she is a leader.

“It’s been a while since Cheongwoo too. Have you had a hard time as a leader?”

“Haha I’m doing well because the members are so good to me.”

However since this steer Cheongwoo also participated in &lt;Azusa&gt; and met vocal trainer Mudi there was no problem in responding.

I checked to see that he was smiling and chatting with Mudi.

‘It’s okay.’

In any case it may not have been a coincidence that Mudie was invited.

‘Obviously in the beginning there were a lot of casting requests from names that had something to do with Testa.’

In order to be able to calculate that the other party ‘can benefit from editing’ it is important to have a friendship that the public knows.

‘As soon as Testa signed a contract to appear he must have emphasized that first and made casting calls.’

After that once the cast line is completed the horizon for recruiting contacts will be expanded from there.

Perhaps that’s why the cast members we were associated with did not end with Mudi.

“Mr. Moon Dae! Oh my goodness!”

As soon as we get to the next waiting room the ones waving enthusiastically are the soft and sweet members.

That’s right.

A female idol group that left behind the legendary concept song ‘POP☆CON’ from the same LeTi agency as VTIC.

Here Soft Sweet is also a cast member.

Even one member who had already succeeded as an actor was included.

“Hello senior Sohyun.”

“No~ Wow we meet again like this!”

It was a very unique case where the original members were completely reunited and appeared on Survival.

However it is definitely not a stupid choice.

‘That’s clever.’

Since this is a group past its prime anyway there was nothing to lose even if the performance wasn’t good as there were many names among the cast.

And since one person who is popular now has also succeeded as an actor there will be no negative impact on his image because his field is different.

All you have to do is avoid personality controversies and that’s because you’re not an idol who’s only been on TV for a day or two so you’ll be able to avoid it on your own. Aren’t they the ones who survived the Byeongmat Concept?

That was when I was nodding my head.

“Actually you know that we came out because Mr. Moon Dae was coming right? Please take care of me!”

“…?”

“Ahaha look at Mr. Moondae’s expression!”

What are you talking about?

At that time Sohyun patted the shoulder of the soft and sweet member who smiled brightly and said happily.

“Mr. Moon Dae is our fan! It gives me courage if there is at least one person who will look at me seriously.”

hmm.

Now several years have passed since I danced popcorn in &lt;Azusa&gt; to explain that I am not a fan. In the end I shamelessly nodded.

Let’s mention it in the interview.

“It is an honor.”

“Wow we are honored!”

And it was just as the friendly concluding conversation continued.

The question was asked playfully.

“How do you view it as a leader? Mr. Moon Dae is it true that you are still our fan?”

‘…!’

To Liu Chengwu.

Perhaps given the nature of the question it seemed to naturally turn to the leader but…

‘no.’

This steer Ryu Cheong-woo has no way of knowing whether I danced popcorn or poppin in &lt;Azusa&gt;.

Naturally you wouldn’t even know there was a meme saying I was a fan of these people.

I clenched my fists.

‘There goes the cover.’

Keun Se-jin who was acting as the acting leader today blinked his eyes and was about to join in.

“sure.”

Steer Liu Chengwu answered clearly before him.

“Mundae also plays seniors’ songs on our live broadcasts.”

“…!!”

“omg! Really? It’s awesome…”

“Thank you Mr. Moondae!”

And the conversation flowed naturally.

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo finished his greeting without any problem by mentioning the activities of the past Testa.

Sejin Lee saw the atmosphere and smiled with her mouth shut without interjecting further.

I and the others went with the flow and ended the conversation well but inside we were confused.

“…”

no way.

“See you later~”

“Yep seniors!”

widely.

As I left Soft Sweet’s waiting room I looked back at Liu Chengwu.

“That was just…”

How did you answer?

The guy scratched his face as if he was a little embarrassed and then smiled.

“Well as I was watching the stage videos appeared in the algorithm… The fans had organized the testa activities well.”

“…”

“I can’t believe you saw all of that… Thank you. You are truly amazing…!”

“Haha not really but… thank you.”

no.

This doesn’t end with ‘awesome’.

‘It wasn’t just a stage video you saw all of Testa’s activities?’

The way he speaks makes it sound like he just figured it out on a whim through an algorithm but looking at the answer he gave earlier it was almost as if he had memorized the entire fan wiki.

Moreover Ryu Cheong-woo was not the type to do such searches.

Steer Ryu Cheong-wu doesn’t seem to be particularly different. It’s clear that they looked into it separately on purpose.

‘When exactly?’

Did this guy sleep?

It’s shocking that I studied all that voluntarily even though I didn’t ask for it in the first place.

In the meantime a carefree question came back.

“Did I make a mistake earlier?”

“no. It was neat.”

“Haha thank you.”

No I’m not being asked a question right now I just want to ask. What kind of mentality does it take to fall into an unfamiliar world without a status window and get output like this?

‘Not even the main character of the novel.’

However Steer Liu Chengwu only spoke calmly.

“Still if I misunderstand anything please tell me. I guess I’ll talk to the fans a little more softly than what actually happened.”

“…yes.”

Are you coming? I don’t even know anymore fuck.

‘Is this mentality why you said Cha Yu-jin is scary?’

It was quite convincing.

* * *

The filming that followed went smoothly.

The MBS announcer came out and grandly introduced each and every member of the cast but it got to the point after an hour.

‘It was almost the last turn so we were shit so that’s it.’

However the MC’s voice was already slightly cracked. Too bad.

“I will announce the theme of the first contest.”

The topic finally appeared on the electronic display board in huge font.

[Change song]

A theme where the cast members take turns singing each other’s songs.

Traditional brutal and interesting. It’s okay.

“And since it is a competition unlike the opening stage the audience will rank the performers’ performances.”

It’s an obvious thing to say as a starting point.

And the following is an equally obvious but provocative statement.

“And unfortunately the person who ranks last will be eliminated.”

“…!”

Even though everyone knows he makes a surprised face every now and then and is very good at broadcasting.

In the midst of this intentionally created tension the cast members selected the other person’s song to cover by drawing a ball…

“Wow thank you very much.”

Testa picked Mudi’s ball.

‘good.’

These are participants who do not have any overlapping elements. If this happens the standard for comparison will be vague and it will be easy to choose a stage with a different taste.

‘Since we know each other the editing angle would be good.’

Still I guess I’ll have to give lip service in the interview and say that the soft sweet song was a bit off.

“Huh?”

Just then a soft sweet testa ball was pulled out and it was screaming.

‘Congratulations.’

Clap clap clap.

I finished the first shoot with polite reactions thinking of words that would avoid strange editing points as much as possible in the interview.

And start practicing immediately as soon as you return to work.

“Um I think it would be good to add a completely different accompaniment to the arrangement…!”

“I guess it would be attractive to change the mood so drastically~ So why not just leave the melody?”

“The addictive melody top note is an advantage so take that element! That’s a great decision.”

“Then the concept is… Yes I already knew that Moon University had something to say~ Say it quickly… Oh? Eugene too?”

“Hee hee!”

Choose a song and choose a concept.

A discussion took place quickly excluding unnecessary editorials and the results were reached.

– Complete testa version of Mudi’s hit song from 10 years ago!

Raebin Kim who was familiar with the results of the discussion presented a tentatively edited arrangement demo within an hour and tossed it to those with good choreography skills and drew up a picture.

This was possible because the role division and progress structure were thoroughly established through several years of experience.

And steer Liu Chengwu eagerly observed and absorbed all of this progress.

As if I were a new employee with some experience.

“Here you have to contact the company as an interim report.”

“yes. The production crew will probably come to practice and film so we have to coordinate that.”

“I guess so. okay.”

At this rate I feel like I will be able to take on the role of a leader in no time.

‘Once the update is over the memories will come back anyway.’

He did so well that I felt a bit sorry for doing something like this when all he had to do was endure it.

Moreover something like this happened.

“…Ryu Cheng-wu.”

“…!”

Immediately after the meeting Bae Se-jin was thirsty and offered a drink to steer Ryu Cheong-woo who was trying to get water.

“Drink if it’s okay.”

“…”

In fact there was no need to worry any more about how to deal with the gap with Bae Se-jin during his steer days.

This is because the conversation already ended a few days ago.

-I have something to tell you about Sejin.

-I heard the story from Eugene. So things are different now?

After that Ryu Cheong-woo has never once expressed antipathy towards Bae Se-jin.

‘Is it true that people communicate so well?’

However Bae Se-jin seemed to have noticed a strange appearance. So why bother handing something over like this as if to test it?

“I feel thirsty… so it’s okay if you don’t want to drink.”

“…”

I definitely saw it.

There steer Liu Chengwu hesitated for a moment.

But in the end he accepted the bottle without refusing and coolly opened the lid.

And he answered with a smile.

“thank you. I’ll drink it well.”

“…! what!”

Liu Qingwu even drank his drink on the spot without showing much emotion.

Bae Se-jin seemed a little relieved and the mood got better.

‘hmm.’

It’s like watching a scene where steerer Cha Yu-jin’s relative personality score drops in real time…

And as practice continued into the evening in this atmosphere Lee Se-jin also said this whether he was serious or just pretending.

“Thank you brother~ You are so kind to us! Our Eugene ran away from home with no memory of it.”

“Yeah.”

“Haha did you do that?”

Liu Qingyu spoke the following words in a gentle voice.

“It’s still the same.”

“…?”

“I’m glad you seem to be doing well now.”

“…Yep.”

Suddenly a strange feeling of tension seemed to flow briefly and then disappear.

‘hmm.’

I immediately focused on the conversation.

The atmosphere was still good. Cha Yu-jin silently drank her water bottle and then suddenly spoke.

“And congratulations. If things continue like this Cheongwoo your memories will come back soon.”

“hmm?”

“When I admitted that I liked the performance my memories came back. Maybe that’s the trigger? I feel that way.”

Cha Yu-jin said that calmly as if she was passing on a tip.

How to regain memories from Testa!

‘You did say something like that.’

I recalled the conversation I had with Testa Cha Yu-jin after she returned to her body.

-[It may not be a coincidence that the “update” ended quickly. I mean the timing is amazing right?]

-[I’d like to bet that my realization or our honest conversation influenced the timing.]

I don’t know why this system bastard is doing this but he’s trying to update the company’s system anyway and in the process he’s rolling back the members’ memories.

So the mental growth of that member affected the completion of the update…

‘I adopted it because it was a fairly convincing hypothesis.’

I already shared it with Geoldal.

And since I spoke to Ryu Cheong-woo based on the premise of ‘you have lost your memory’ it was more appropriate to say ‘tips for regaining your memories’ rather than ‘how to get out of that body quickly’.

Perhaps that was why Liu Chengwu asked back as if he found it quite interesting.

“Automatically?”

“Well I asked Moon Dae for a favor. This is the story I explained. There’s a strange ghost or something about Moon Dae. Status window?”

hey.

Before Cha Yu-jin could say anything she naturally finished speaking.

I pressed my eyebrows. Okay do whatever you want…

“That gave us our memories back. My brother will do the same.”

“ah.”

It was that moment.

Liu Chengwu answered in a gentle voice.

“Is there a need for that?”

what?

“brother?”

Liu Chengwu looked back at me.

And he spoke in a calm non-excited voice.

“I mean is there really a need to get my memories back?”

I was a little late in interpreting its meaning.

‘That’s… ’

-Is there a need to bring back Testa Ryu Cheong-woo?

This means that you should not call the original tester Liu Chengwu.

I got goosebumps.
