---
title: "Chapter 506"
category: "book"
index: 505
section: "Chapter 506"
slug: "506"
---

# Chapter 506

After steer Ryu Cheong-woo’s remarks there was a short and heavy silence in the practice room.

‘Do I need to get my memories back?’

This may be because the members gradually realized what this meant.

In other words he is saying that he will continue to be here instead of Ryu Cheong-woo who was the original tester.

Meanwhile steer Ryu Cheong-woo was quietly waiting for our answer without any response.

As if waiting for a verdict.

“…”

And after a while.

“Brother what are you talking about? You will be able to find your memories. Hey don’t worry!”

Big Sejin was the first to respond with a smile. It seemed like speaking as if nothing had happened would give me a chance to gently move on or cancel the conversation.

But Liu Chengwu did not cancel.

“Well I didn’t mean to worry about that. Does this mean Sejin is worried about you? Are you anxious because I have no memory?”

“…!”

okay.

‘If he was shaken by that sound and wanted to cancel it he wouldn’t have said it at all.’

But I didn’t expect to be asked so bluntly.

He even calmly asked if he was anxious because he was less confident than his original tester Ryu Cheong-woo.

“If you have any concerns please tell me. I’ll improve it soon.”

“Oh no I’m still so thankful! But as it is it’s too unfamiliar and uncomfortable for you.”

“It’s not that uncomfortable.”

Steer Liu Chengyu smiled faintly.

“It’s fun. The stage is great and there are a lot of new things to learn. It’s good because it’s unfamiliar.”

“…”

“I’m afraid that when I get my memories back I won’t feel this way.”

“It would actually be better.”

Big Sejin spoke softly in a rather warm voice.

however.

“How can you be sure?”

“yes?”

Liu Qingyu said unfazed.

“What happened just now is not an ordinary situation that can be easily confirmed. And I think I know best how I feel.”

“…hmm”

Even Keun Se-jin looked speechless for a moment.

I wanted to say something to refute but I paused for a moment out of fear that I would offend the other person and cause a bomb to explode in the process.

The moment you say you think that way and refute it directly doesn’t that mean you’re wrong?

‘Fuck you.’

It’s twisted. Let’s start by freshening up the atmosphere right away.

It was the moment when I quickly decided what I wanted to say and tried to intervene.

“practice!”

“…!”

Suddenly someone shouted loudly.

Surprisingly it was Bae Se-jin who was curled up in a corner and reading an e-book.

“We only have a week! Break time is over. Whatever it is practice first before speaking!”

“ah.”

The way he was shouting until the blood in his neck stood up seemed so desperate.

And at that moment the atmosphere suddenly changed as if something had struck me. It reminds us of the immediate priorities.

It wasn’t the way I wanted to do it but it was very effective.

Bae Se-jin continued to shout.

“If it gets any later Raebin Kim won’t have time to work on the arrangement!”

yes.

“If he stays up all night again just to meet the deadline his roommate will stop him. My roommate is Park Moon-dae!”

“oh.”

Hey that’s a bit much.

“…! no! Even if we don’t have to do the night work we will finish it within the period. Please believe me!”

“Ugh I believe it…!”

“If you’re Ravin of course you can do it!”

The tension in our everyday conversation was instantly relieved.

“okay. Let’s work hard.”

“Fine fighting…!”

So the topic changed smoothly.

Ryu Cheong-woo also actively participated in the practice with his usual gentle and cooperative attitude as if his earlier statement was a lie.

As time passed the tension from earlier could be felt as if it could naturally arise in such a special situation.

‘It could be because you’re confused! Cha Yu-jin even ran away from home.’

Something like this.

However I did not forget steer Liu Chengwu’s attitude earlier.

‘I’m not confused.’

That was something to be sure of.

The guy had already come to a conclusion in his head.

Here he remains as steer Ryu Cheong-woo.

Then all the efforts he has made so far will fit together like a puzzle.

By asking more questions than I was told I learned all of Testa’s representative songs and performances of the latest songs as well as the history of the group called Testa and the personal story of ‘Ryu Cheong-woo’ here.

Just like training.

So that he can remain as Steer Ryu Cheong-woo without regaining his memories as Testa.

‘Was that the purpose?’

And then it’s time for a break.

I saw Bae Se-jin sighing softly standing in the corner of the practice room.

“brother.”

“…Park Moon-dae.”

Bae Se-jin glanced at me and then looked away again.

It was Ryu Cheong-woo who was listening to Kim Rae-bin and Sun Ah-hyeon explain the song.

“…I’ve thought about it before.”

Bae Se-jin muttered softly.

“He was uncomfortable with me too. Just like before with Cha Yu-jin.”

“…”

“But… I’m trying hard not to look like that. I don’t know why.”

I noticed it.

It seems that the reason he was pleased with steer Ryu Cheong-wu who accepted the water bottle a few days ago was not simply because the favor was accepted.

‘I took that as a signal that ‘I will try to get along’.’

As that guy said I don’t know why but it seems like he saw hope in itself.

Moreover Bae Se-jin’s words were not over.

“…And I don’t know why they both feel uncomfortable with me.”

Damn it.

“that”

“it’s okay.”

Bae Se-jin sighed.

“It’s obvious. I guess he was a nuisance to the group and was eventually taken to his former agency.”

“…”

“It will be okay if I show that I have changed a lot since then.”

And the guy looked quite stern but his complexion soon became gloomy.

“More than that what to do now… I don’t know.”

“…”

We looked side by side at steer Liu Chengwu.

The way he spoke to the members was friendly enough to be confusing at first glance with the original tester Ryu Cheong-woo.

but.

“If he doesn’t regain his memories what will happen to the Chungwoo we originally knew…?”

I couldn’t answer.

* * *

One week later.

The day of the first competition stage of &lt;True Competition&gt; has arrived.

[Let’s meet Testa’s stage now.]

I adjusted my in-ears as I entered the stage where the MC’s introductory message and the 6th turn would begin.

No matter how confident you are this is survival. If I made a mistake and slipped I might have ruined my entire career and reputation.

But I wasn’t anxious.

Normally it would of course be thanks to proper preparation but now it is not because of that.

‘I don’t care that far.’

Because other anxiety factors were greater.

“…”

Wow!

Cheers and applause.

Inside Testa began to move.

-Sound of falling raindrops

knock on the window

Blue pouring into my head

Mudi’s hit song we chose was a ballad called &lt;You Don’t Know&gt;.

It was a song that became famous on social media which was popular at the time as it was called ‘Inspic’ due to its sad early morning sensibility. Thanks to its composition of repeating refrains it was so addictive and popular that it caught your ear once you heard it…

Raebin Kim arranged it to be much more depressing and heavy.

-Boring Love and Sick

Still waiting for the notification to ring

The intro is the same as the original song flowing gently as if speaking but then the part changes.

A slow low bass rang through the speakers.

-You don’t know but

And then a full-fledged weighty performance follows.

The concept is inner depression.

As the song progresses with classical pieces it becomes more and more elegant and grand and a quite artistic performance is added on top of it.

And even Seon Ah-hyeon’s solo dance of the interlude.

In the opening performance we broke away from the symbolism of KPOP and this time tried to create a stage that would suit cultured tastes as much as possible.

And last.

-I can’t sleep

I’m just going to say it once.

Goodbye goodbye

This part where the accompaniment is eliminated and only the voice is included… Kim Rae-bin selflessly evaluated the song solely based on the tone and selected the right person.

Liu Chengwu.

-You don’t know but

It was digested cleanly.

And the accompaniment came back with the sound of the bass.

-Umm… umm.

Until the ending with the sound of the performance slowly fading away as if depressed.

…

For the stage we chose a dark and atmospheric concept that would be ruined by poor control.

So that catharsis and charm become even greater when the correct impact is made at the correct time.

And the strategy was successful.

Wow!!

Let the lights go out.

The audience was filled with tremendous cheers and applause in contrast to the dark atmosphere of the stage.

Keying-

The bright lights came back on the stage and before leaving the members greeted them brightly with the excitement of the stage even though they were drenched in sweat and taking deep breaths.

“Thank you~”

“thank you.”

And it was the same for steer Ryu Cheng-wu.

“thank you!”

Liu Chengwu did well.

And he seemed happy.

‘Damn it.’

I held back a sigh because it made people’s minds even more complicated.

But it couldn’t be put off any longer.

‘It’s escapism.’

I had to talk about it before the update was over.

After a while.

&lt;True Battle&gt; Waiting time to clean up the stage before taking the final cut of the contest.

“I have something to tell you.”

“…”

I called steer Liu Chengwu to the small sleeping room inside the waiting room.

The guy followed without any resistance. And asked.

“Is it because of what I said a few days ago?”

I nodded not surprised.

If I go back to the dorm I’ll have to work again and it will be a blur so it’s better now.

‘And this… it would be better to approach him as a relative rather than as Tim’s younger brother.’

It will be more comfortable that way. So I sat down next to him and spoke.

“Can I ask the reason?”

“…”

“I’m not trying to say anything. I’m asking because I was practicing at the time and couldn’t hear why you thought ‘It won’t be so good if I get my memories back.'”

Steer Liu Chengwu did not appear uncooperative this time either.

Rather he was silent as if he was thinking for a moment or choosing his words.

And answer slowly.

“Because I don’t think that person is me.”

“…”

“Cha Yujin Well I thought about Yujin when I saw her.”

The guy continued speaking calmly.

“I’m saying she’s very different from the Cha Yujin I knew.”

“…”

“I definitely felt like I had memories of living as the Cha Yujin I knew.”

‘Is that it?’

That’s right.

Even though Cha Yu-jin has recovered her memories from her days as a steer she is focusing more on her memories of living as a tester.

Of course. Steer is a thing of the past.

There is no way this guy who was in the same group as Steer Cha Yu-jin could not have felt that sense of discomfort.

In other words this guy… It’s natural to think that if he regains his memories he won’t remain the same as he is now.

‘shit.’

“I feel like even if I retrieve my memories I will end up like a different person. I don’t want to do that.”

Steer Liu Chengwu said that out loud. I gritted my teeth.

His words didn’t even end there.

“know. But um I guess he thinks he’s the same person.”

“…”

“In that case I am the same member as I am now even though I have no memory. yes?”

for a moment.

‘This… seems like something prepared.’

Strangely smooth.

‘Same member?’

No it wasn’t.

‘That’s not how we treated this guy.’

At that moment I realized the contradiction in our attitude toward steer Liu Chengwu.

No matter how much memory you have lost people around you usually unconsciously treat you the same way as before. I mean it’s a habit.

Just like I had inadvertently done a few times before with steer Cha Yu-jin.

‘But are we now treating this guy… as the same person as Testa Ryu Cheong-wu?’

Steer Cha Yu-jin was treated like the Testa Cha Yu-jin we knew so he got into a big fight and escaped.

He passionately asserts that ‘I am a different person from the person you know.’

As a result we now implicitly treat the ‘original Liu Chengwu’ and this ‘steer Liu Chengwu’ as different people.

What I’m saying is that you’ve only lost your memories.

‘Damn it.’

I was bored.

There was no way this guy wouldn’t have noticed that sense of discomfort.

But instead of pointing it out he spoke calmly as if persuading me in line with my logic.

As if it doesn’t matter as long as one side is persuaded.

“And in just a few months if not a few weeks I will be able to do my part without any help.”

But at the end his calm voice trembled low.

“So… I just want you to leave it like this.”

That day.

Testa’s stage received tremendous praise and took first place in the on-site audience vote.

Early audience reviews flooded the Internet raising expectations for the program and giving fans relief and excitement.

It was as planned.

But that was the only thing that went according to plan.

…I received a pop-up that the update was complete.
