---
title: "Chapter 507"
category: "book"
index: 506
section: "Chapter 507"
slug: "507"
---

# Chapter 507

[Re-update complete!]

-1st adjustment

A pop-up similar to the one you saw before.

And the pop-up continues again.

[‘■■■ (ver.2.1 Beta)’ being applied]

[complete!]]

System update complete pop-up.

“…”

What comes to mind is… a question.

‘why?’

Wasn’t it completed early last time as steer Cha Yu-jin’s condition recovered?

Nothing has been resolved now. Liu Chengwu never changed his position of not wanting to regain his memories.

Could it be that it was completed by performing on stage together in a cooperative manner? But this isn’t even the first stage so based on what criteria is it an early completion?…

‘for a moment.’

I took a deep breath.

I’ve been thinking too long.

‘It shouldn’t be complicated.’

And I finally regained my composure and came to a rational conclusion with a cool head.

Completed ahead of deadline?

‘There was no such thing.’

There was no deadline in the first place.

This time unlike before there was no explanation like ‘D-30 until completion’.

I didn’t update it to a higher version by absorbing the fragments in the first place but since I don’t use it isn’t this bastard readjusting itself on its own?

‘It’s ver.2.1 not ver.3.’

So this was just done when it was time to do it.

The system completes itself.

Tiring.

And as if in response to my conclusion another pop-up appeared.

[Do you want to ‘preview’ ‘For Company Use’?]

‘…Preview.’

My mind was filled with questions again.

If it’s a preview doesn’t that mean the system is restarting?

Come to think of it the previous pop-up had the phrase ‘1st adjustment’. So are you saying that you will measure my satisfaction through this ‘preview’ and update the system if necessary?

What happens to Liu Chengwu’s memories? Are they returning it as a test or are they not returning it because it is only a preview and not a live system?

What is the penalty if I hold on without pressing this at all? Also what is the risk of the system acting as it pleases?

Which one is more likely? Which standard should you use to judge…

Oh damn.

I hit my head on the headboard.

thud.

‘Fuck you fuck you…!’

Since I couldn’t come to a clear conclusion I couldn’t be like this.

How many times are we going to do this shit?

Why is something like this necessary during the update process?

“Are you okay bro?”

“…”

“If you feel dizzy or have a headache try an ice pack…”

“…It’s okay.”

I slowly raised my head.

My roommate Raebin Kim is looking at me with a worried face as if she’s breaking into a cold sweat. It seemed like he thought I had accidentally hit my head on the headboard.

That guy must not have been able to rest properly while preparing for the last performance.

“Are you resting well?”

“yes! I am keeping my word to stay calm until the next filming.”

“okay.”

“Is your hair really okay…?”

uh. It seems like it will break.

It’s not because I was pinned to the bed.

“That’s okay.”

I looked at the pop-up again and finally opened my mouth.

“I have something to say. Let’s ask all the other members including you to gather in the living room.”

It was pointless to delay and hide it further.

* * *

Testa’s lodgings an hour after Park Moon-dae’s convocation.

In the room of Seon Ah-hyeon and Lee Se-jin two people of the same age the room owners were talking quietly.

The topic of their conversation was one.

This is the story told by Park Moon-dae who saw the pop-up and called them to the living room.

-… The update has been completed.

He did not hide anything and shared almost exactly what he had received.

It was a surprisingly kind characteristic of Park Moon University to convey the parts that would be difficult for those who have not directly experienced the system including examples and analogies.

But at the same time… he looked extremely tired.

-I honestly don’t know what will happen if I press this. But I’ll think about it more and find out so don’t worry too much.

So Sun Ah-hyun is sharing her concerns with a friend of her age who has built trust over the years.

Sun Ah-hyun sat on the bed with her long legs together and muttered a little nervously.

“I’m worried about the doors.”

“…”

“I think I’m overdoing it…”

And Lee Se-jin had no intention of refuting those words.

This is because he had similar thoughts as soon as he heard Park Moon-dae’s briefing earlier.

‘If I do that I’m going to be in really big trouble.’

Of course the first thing I was concerned about was how Ryu Cheong-woo would react now that he had lost his memory and seemed to have become a different person. Everyone even Park Moon-dae must have felt the same way.

However it is absurd to say that Park Moon-dae’s abnormalities are not noticed.

Angwang is almost dead.

‘It’s not even a day or two that he overdoes it.’

Sejin Lee frowned for a moment. My appetite was bitter.

Still if things were as they should be Lee Se-jin would have told a gentle story here to put the other person at ease.

I honestly thought that saying that I was anxious would only make the situation worse.

But this time was different.

“…Um that’s right. Anyone can see that it seems like too much.”

Because a solution was needed. And although Sun Ah-hyun may be a bit awkward in interpersonal relationships she is a serious and attentive type.

‘It’s worth discussing.’

Of course Seon Ah-hyun wasn’t the type of person who could feel relieved by self-justification when she opened her mouth without even being sincere.

So he spoke the truth quite freely.

“It didn’t seem like Chungwoo wanted to remember. So how much of a burden will it be now? Among us the only one who can see the status window or something is the door.”

“…Mundae.”

Sun Ah-hyun pressed her lips with her teeth.

“Well then if Cheong-woo refuses until the end… wouldn’t Moon-dae press that?”

Sejin Lee already knew the answer.

“no. I should have done it.”

If the judgment was that it was reasonable Park Moon-dae was the kind of person who would just do it despite his heartache.

Maybe that’s why Testa has been able to continue his career despite so many controversies and incidents from his debut until now.

But Keun Se-jin also knew the aftermath that would follow.

“But you will have a very hard time after doing it.”

“…”

“Mundae is a bit… trying to take responsibility for everything.”

He was the one who thought it was his fault that this situation had happened.

‘If you do it wrong something can happen due to real stress.’

Sejin Lee still remembered the uproar that occurred during the summer package filming at the beginning of her debut.

Park Moon-dae was almost in a state of trauma but was able to proceed with the filming.

He clenched and unclenched his hands.

‘…Oh how did it end up like this?’

Succeeding as an idol seemed like a dream but it was embarrassing for a realist like Lee Se-jin because things that literally only happened in dreams kept happening.

I never thought I’d meet a friend who would care about me this much but this ridiculous thing was focused on that friend.

So it was time for Lee Se-jin to remain silent to think of a solution.

“Hey… let’s talk more.”

“huh?”

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth first with a determined look on her face.

“Let’s talk to the other members… and talk to Chungwoo again. I haven’t had time to practice for the stage so far and I think everyone was cautious because of Eugene’s work… so we barely talked to him…”

Sejin Lee felt like she had been hit.

‘I know.’

I only tried not to offend Liu Chengwu but I had no intention of having a deep conversation or persuading him.

I unconsciously left it out because I saw bad things happening during Cha Yu-jin’s time.

Sun Ah-hyeon remained silent as if she was thinking deeply and then spoke again.

“Current Chungwoo is also kind to us but he must be anxious. So it could be that you don’t want to retrieve your memories… I think it’s right to have a more in-depth conversation.”

“…”

Lee Se-jin listened and Seon A-hyeon spoke slightly faster.

“I don’t do that now so I think the exam will be even more difficult. Because if no conclusion is reached no one can help…”

“You’re right.”

Sejin Lee immediately agreed.

And then he stood up. Because I knew that the person I was talking to was a friend who wouldn’t be offended if the conversation suddenly ended.

“Let’s talk now.”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun also nodded and stood up.

Lee Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun left the room together.

And again an hour later.

“Park Moon-dae.”

The two called out to Park Moon-dae who was sitting on his bed with his eyes closed.

As soon as Park Moon-dae opened his eyes he realized that his roommate was not in the room.

And this time I found my roommate outside the room.

To be exact all members except himself.

“what…”

“We’ve been talking for a while and I have something to tell you.”

Sejin Lee spoke like a notice. And I thought.

‘It’s okay to do whatever you want’ is not acceptable.

Aren’t you supposed to be responsible for the results? It’s no different from simply handing over decisions and responsibilities to yourself.

therefore.

“Press preview now.”

This decision had to be made as well.

* * *

“what?”

I couldn’t believe my ears.

“Do you know what you are talking about?”

“of course.”

Lee Se-jin was calm despite the fact that all of the members were suddenly dragged into someone else’s room.

It was the same for the members who came with us.

“This is the result of discussion between members and a majority vote.”

“…”

“No you said we would all use the company’s system. It was like that last time we made an album.”

Sejin Lee shrugged her shoulders.

“Then surrender to the majority decision and press it~”

It was absurd.

What’s even funnier is that several people around me are nodding their heads in agreement.

Moreover the story did not end there.

“I talked to Chungwoo here.”

“…”

I turned my head reflexively.

Steer Liu Chengwu who was standing behind had a pretty calm face. There seemed to be no opposition pressured by public opinion.

“I heard that if you keep putting it off something dangerous could happen. And there is a high probability that the memories will not return.”

“…”

“I will believe it. I know you didn’t have to lie to me. All you have to do is return the memories without any explanation. But you didn’t.”

And the guy smiled faintly.

“…I felt it while preparing for the stage but it seems like you guys are trustworthy team members.”

“brother…”

Even the surrounding members responded.

It was a quite… touching remark. Because I heard directly from someone whose memory was lost and who became a stranger that I trusted them within a matter of weeks. I too was agitated for a moment.

But at the same time I felt a strange sensation.

A slight sense of discomfort.

‘what?’

But that unpleasant feeling passed through my mind before it could materialize.

And now a clearer situation was visible before my eyes.

Everyone agreed and notified me.

Click ‘Preview’.

“…”

The funny thing is that my mind suddenly becomes calm. As if it was some sort of relief.

‘Are you crazy?’

It is always good to have the right to choose but what is the benefit of being reassured when you have been notified that a decision has been made by a majority vote?

But the fact that my head has become lighter… I can’t deny it.

‘…okay. It’s less burdensome.’

I ended up calling up the pop-up.

“Then let’s press it.”

“okay.”

[Do you want to ‘preview’ ‘For Company Use’?]

I pressed ‘yes’.

And immediately the pop-up started to get busy.

A hologram that changes color and flashes.

[Implementation of ‘Preview’]

I thought of a few possibilities.

The system is restarted with Ryu Cheong-woo’s memories not returning the survey function is activated and even though it is rare Ryu Cheong-woo’s memories are returned as is.

But none of them were correct.

“…! Ugh”

“Ravin?”

I saw Kim Rae-bin falling down and the guys looking at him with astonished faces.

And at the same time I realized.

Preview meant the next batter.

This time Ryu Cheong-woo is on hold.
