---
title: "Chapter 508"
category: "book"
index: 507
section: "Chapter 508"
slug: "508"
---

# Chapter 508

[In ‘Preview’]

There was something strange about the status window whose colors returned after performing ‘preview’.

There are no fonts and almost no interface has been implemented.

It looks like a computer operating system that has been emergency run to enable only a few functions. It was a unique aspect that I had never seen before.

But I don’t have the energy to pay attention to that right now.

“Raebin Kim! are you okay?”

“Ugh…”

This is because Raebin Kim is staggering having accidentally hit the back of his head against the hallway wall.

“Lay it down for now.”

I immediately came out of the door and helped Raebin Kim. Without saying a word Cha Yu-jin helps Rae-bin Kim and lays her down on the floor and Sun Ah-hyun runs to get a pillow.

“Ugh…”

“headache?”

“Ravin are you sick?”

“…”

Raebin Kim had no answer. But gradually my breathing became calmer and my consciousness became quiet as if it was being submerged…

“Huh!”

“…!”

I woke up suddenly as if waking up from a nightmare.

And the moment his eyes widened and his mouth opened.

“Who are you?”

“…”

A phrase I’ve already heard comes out.

‘Fuck… ’

I pressed my forehead with one hand. Meanwhile Raebin Kim seemed to be looking around still in a dazed state but she looked happy as if she had finally found a familiar face.

“Cha Yujin?”

But soon I was shocked again.

“Cha Yujin! How did you enlist? Could it be that I gave up my nationality and volunteered for military service…”

What does this mean again?

Cha Yu-jin perhaps having similar thoughts opened her mouth with a puzzled look on her face.

“…?? Kim Rae-bin lost his mind?!”

“…! Could it be that you came to visit me and I fell and lost consciousness and don’t remember anything?”

no.

Next to me Keun Se-jin opened his mouth in a shaky voice.

“Enlistment? No way Raevin is you…”

And then he said something that everyone vaguely remembered but couldn’t say out loud.

“Did you go to the military?”

“…? yes. I have just completed training camp!”

A deathly silence fell between us.

I closed my eyes tightly.

‘…world.’

Steer Kim Rae-bin No… Former steer Kim Rae-bin was in the military.

* * *

“Oh so… a warrant came out…”

“yes! Currently I have completed all bachelor’s courses using the Credit Bank System so my enlistment postponement period has ended.”

(Probably) Steer Kim Rae-bin… was braver than expected.

It is said that he probably completed his bachelor’s degree in music through cyber and enlisted immediately after receiving a warrant.

‘…Since Steer was disbanded there would have been no reason to come up with another reason for delay.’

And I think I did better in the military than I thought.

Raebin Kim summarized his life as a private as follows.

“Although there are a few things I don’t understand I don’t bother to ask questions remembering the advice I received from my sister before.”

I’m so glad…

‘You were lucky.’

There might be a bully with that personality but I don’t think there was a person with a twisted mentality among my senior staff. So in fact Raebin Kim had a military constitution that did not need correction.

‘It’s because he’s the kind of guy who criticizes his superiors.’

But my mouth was grinning.

‘I can’t believe I’m in the military at that age.’

Of course if you think of them as just college students 24 is too late but if you think of them as idols it’s too early.

Idol groups that have achieved some success have a dominant meta of staying out of the military as much as possible in their 20s.

‘To put it the other way this guy is no longer a ‘moderately successful idol group’.’

…steer Kim Rae-bin.

“So… time went back in time and now I debuted in a different group and am still active as an idol…?”

“yes.”

“that…”

Steer Kim Rae-bin who immediately heard the explanation of the situation was speechless as his eyes were watering at this supernatural environment.

Then as my vision finally cleared I was surprised to see Inyoung standing behind me.

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo.

“Chungwoo hyung…?”

“You came too.”

And Liu Chengyu kept his mouth shut. There was no change in his expression but strangely I got the feeling that he didn’t seem to be in a very good mood.

‘Why?’

Wouldn’t it be nice to see someone who has been in a similar situation to you for several years?

Kim Rae-bin would not have been the type of person to cause an accident.

“…”

At that time there was some awkward silence.

Perhaps sensing the sign Eun Se-jin consciously continues his explanation in a soft and cheerful manner.

The current Ryu Cheong-woo is the Steer Ryu Cheong-woo you knew. And the fact that Cha Yu-jin has memories.

finally…

“Um so to continue explaining we Ravin’s group Testa are currently preparing for the stage on a contest program~”

“Is that so…”

“Ugh this one too… It was arranged by Ravin!”

Before she could say anything Sun Ah-hyun hurriedly started playing music on her smartphone.

A completed version of Mudi’s &lt;You Don’t Know&gt; arrangement that Raebin Kim created for the contest a few days ago.

-Umm umm…

The music flowed slowly along with my humming as I recorded the demo.

“…”

Steer Kim Rae-bin listened to the low-quality sound coming from his smartphone with a blank face.

Exquisite and delicate composition and melody.

And Cha Yu-jin who was looking at her smartphone seemed uncharacteristically nervous.

‘I guess I know.’

This means that Raebin Kim did not participate much in song work during the Steer era.

It’s just a guess but even if he had participated it would never have been in a direction where he had full authority like he does now.

If the higher-ups at the agency pushed for a poor direction without any sense wouldn’t they have tried to accommodate it somehow?

Like the mess that occurred when I first arranged ‘Blazing Like the Sun’ during the second team match of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

‘And… he must have done something to steal copyright fees by involving his relatives.’

In short it is no different from exploitation.

So it may be a bit bittersweet for him to hear in person the results of Testa Kim Rae-bin’s full display of his talent here no matter how necessary it may be.

Just like steer Cha Yu-jin did before…

“Amazing! Did I really arrange it?”

“…??”

I will cancel all inferences.

Kim Rae-bin’s eyes were shining brightly. It looked a bit scary but no matter who saw it it was an excited face. He even seemed excited.

At the same time Sun Ah-hyun’s face also turned red.

“Ugh! Do you like it…?”

“yes. Indeed… Yes.”

Raebin Kim even seemed to be unable to do her specialty ‘talking excitedly about a field she is interested in’ because she was too overwhelmed.

He seemed to genuinely feel something like joy or emotion in this situation rather than any great discomfort.

‘ah.’

And I realized why that would be possible.

‘He believed he debuted again as Testa.’

He did not separate himself from ‘testa Kim Rae-bin’.

The current situation was viewed as a picture of one’s future on a continuous timeline.

And the reason that was possible was because Kim Rae-bin could not simply be explained as being naive.

‘It’s because of our attitude.’

This is because we are now treating Raebin Kim the same way as before. So Raebin Kim accepted us as ‘acquaintances he doesn’t remember’ without any hesitation.

In addition there are already two people who have memories of Steer and one of them is a friend who has been with him since he was a trainee.

There is no choice but to relax vigilance.

‘All the conditions were met.’

It was luck that I got because Kim Rae-bin was very similar to before and because it happened so suddenly that I had no time to mentally prepare.

‘after.’

I slowly became calmer and realized that I was quite nervous.

The atmosphere became warmer and Sun Ah-hyun was also excited by her steer Kim Rae-bin who was impressed and was about to play another song.

Cha Yu-jin asked.

“Then do you want to arrange Kim Raebin’s next stage?”

“I?”

“Oh~ I see. If you’re greedy tell me anytime Ravin!”

Raebin Kim’s eyes widened but his face soon became quite serious.

“I think this might be too much work but if you take on the challenge and produce results… could you consider me as a candidate?”

At that moment relief and joy flashed across the members’ faces.

It was clear that people were thinking something like ‘Kim Rae-bin is still the same.’

“of course!”

“thank you!”

While the members were smiling warmly Keun Se-jin opened his mouth energetically.

“Then shall we start preparing for the stage?”

“…?”

It was that moment.

“I… have to perform on stage!”

Raebin Kim said that but his tone was closer to surprise or embarrassment than enlightenment. It was as if I had suddenly been hit by hail.

That is it is negative.

“Ha you don’t want to do it?”

“Rather than saying I don’t want to do it I think it’s better if I don’t do it.”

“…?”

And Kim Rae-bin answered as if nothing had happened.

“I realized it through experience. I am not qualified to do broadcasting or stage activities.”

“What what?”

The members stiffened.

And I also hardened my expression.

‘What does this mean?’

Even during Steer there was no problem with that guy’s stage abilities.

‘Inside information.’

I looked back at Cha Yu-jin whom I remember as being a fellow member. The guy had a slightly bitter expression.

“…”

I feel bad.

Fortunately there was someone who would rush in here first… but no this guy can’t do it.

But Bae Se-jin had already opened his mouth.

“What are you talking about! You are good on stage!”

“yes?”

Kim Rae-bin was startled by Bae Se-jin’s shout but soon became more confused when she saw Bae Se-jin’s face.

‘…Have you noticed it now?’

This is the face of ‘Lee Se-jin (A)’ who was involved in a drug scandal in the early days of Steer.

Sure enough Raebin Kim asked politely… with a determined look on his face.

‘…?’

“I’m sorry but what is your name?”

“Bae… It’s Bae Se-jin.”

“…! Are you familiar with Lee Se-jin who was a child actor?”

“…”

it’s me. Bae Se-jin’s face was filled with absurdity as if he wanted to answer like that.

And he answered with his facial expression.

“it’s me!”

“…?!”

Raebin Kim was astonished. I touched my forehead.

But at the same time I also had these thoughts.

‘Is it better to explode in a less serious atmosphere like this?’

Drugs or anything.

‘Maybe we can stamp it out as a misunderstanding and end it by swearing at Bae Se-jin’s biological father.’

Given the circumstances the drug transport problem must have been because of that bastard.

However before Raebin Kim opened his mouth he glanced back to check on someone.

‘…?’

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo.

“Ha but.”

“Ravin. You must be very confused and tired right now so get some rest first.”

Liu Chengwu answered at once.

Then he looked back at us and smiled bitterly.

“Is that okay?”

“Ah… of course!”

“Kim Raebin’s room is here!”

“Thank you…”

Hearing Ryu Cheong-woo’s words sound reasonable everyone hurriedly helped Raebin Kim and led him to the bed and although he was confused he couldn’t shake it off and lay down on the bed.

“…”

And I was conscious of steer Liu Chengwu.

The feeling of discomfort I felt earlier.

‘I think I just interrupted Raebin Kim.’

I decided to remember it.

Of course now we have to dig a little deeper starting with Kim Rae-bin’s statement about avoiding the stage.

* * *

“Amazing…”

This is Steer Kim Rae-bin’s reaction after seeing her fancam receive millions of views and enthusiastic comments from fans.

And the members who came and showed us the Baribari video had some hope.

“Yes that’s true right?”

“I think it would be impossible to go on stage as expected.”

“uh…?”

“I think it would be impossible for me to perform on stage at this level.”

The members were embarrassed.

In the meantime Seon Ah-hyeon said this with a stern expression.

“Ha but. When you were in our group… you performed really well on stage!”

“…? I guess there was some kind of opportunity or a lot of effort.”

Raebin Kim responded calmly.

“Sorry but that’s not me.”

It was a slightly creepy conclusion.

And everyone in Testa was momentarily speechless.

‘Fuck you.’

I resisted the urge to close my eyes.

‘This guy also had a problem.’

This is unconditionally… aversion to idol activities.

It wasn’t normal.

But this was not the end of the day’s absurd events.

This is because while Kim Rae-bin was watching the stage video she turned her head without thinking and something finally caught her eye.

This was the content that appeared in the pop-up status window where ‘Preview’ was implemented.

[Preview of new features (extra)]

-View fragment records

‘Fragment record?’

As soon as the word that was the cause of all this shit came out my concentration was activated.

I reflexively read the next line speed-reading.

[Help\: You can reproduce the mission failure scenario when the system owner absorbed the fragments by ‘Viewing the fragment record’.]

what?

For a moment if it were a mission failure scenario that I went through…

‘no way.’

I reflexively checked the function.

[View fragment record]

-Mission Failed\: Building collapses

-Mission Failed\: Return to original state

The first is a disaster in which a building literally collapsed. Unless my head is split open would I pretend to be crazy?

But still.

‘…the second time.’

-Mission Failed\: Return to original state

Returning to Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

At this moment the function to change bodies with Geoldal was opened.
