---
title: "Chapter 509"
category: "book"
index: 508
section: "Chapter 509"
slug: "509"
---

# Chapter 509

‘Switch bodies with Keoldal again?’

From collapsing buildings to changing bodies.

A function to recreate the situation at the time of the last ‘mission failure’.

I kept my mouth shut as I looked at the option given in the status window that said ‘Re-update’.

It was ridiculous.

‘Who on earth would welcome a feature like this?’

I went through so much hardship back then that there was no way I would want to experience that again. Who on earth would want to feel the thrill of being trapped in a collapsing building or having their schedule ruined?

Are you really saying that I’ve been thinking about absorbing ‘Fragments of ████ often lately? So far I’ve acquired fragments every time I’ve solved a ‘Mission Failed’ so I guess I found a connection there.

‘If you predict demand this way even at a local corner store you’ll get cut you idiot.’

Moreover the system was applied to the company but why are they providing additional functions that have nothing to do with the company?

It’s not like just borrowing the IP shell from some famous webtoon and producing a mobile lottery game without any context.

And as if in response a pop-up popped up.

[Mission Failed\: Return to original state]

Maximum viewing time\: 48 hours

-Would you like to view?

This guy doesn’t even notice.

‘Try to get out of here.’

I erased the pop-up and closed my eyes. My temples throbbed.

…First let’s clear up the situation.

‘The members who have now lost their memories are Ryu Cheong-woo and Kim Rae-bin.’

If we just look at the situation both were cooperative with the group and did not act unexpectedly.

However Ryu Cheong-woo is reluctant to regain his memories and Kim Rae-bin is reluctant to perform on stage.

And it didn’t end there. I remembered Kim Rae-bin’s expression just before that.

-Ha but…

‘Earlier steer Kim Rae-bin caught Ryu Cheong-woo’s attention.’

It’s like it’s a little scary too.

It’s a rare sight to see while living as a testa but it’s almost like a habit.

“…”

Over the past few days I was lost in thought remembering the strange feeling of discomfort I felt with my steer Ryu Cheng-wu.

And came to a conclusion.

‘There’s nothing we can do now.’

Up until now I have refrained from scratching for fear of causing a rash but now that it has come to this point doing so any more is a foolish act of escaping from reality.

If the method of not blushing doesn’t work try the regular method.

‘I’m asking.’

And I knew who the most suitable partner was.

A complete entity with both memories.

* * *

“Tell me everything you remember.”

I called Cha Yu-jin the person involved in the previous incident and who had successfully regained her memories into the kitchen and started a conversation like this.

“What?”

“Internal conflict when steering.”

Cha Yu-jin looked at me with a shocked face.

“I said I would cook something delicious for you! “I tricked you!”

okay. To achieve this they even recruited Lee Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyeon and dispersed the two steers into the choreography practice room and workroom.

But it’s not a scam.

“I’ll do that too.”

“Oh.”

“What do you want to eat?”

“Kimchi fried rice please.”

receipt.

I opened the refrigerator and took out the ingredients.

“Please add cheese!”

Are you coming?

I stopped the guy who immediately became calm next to me and asked while cutting kimchi.

“The reason I’m asking is because I think that since the situation has become like this we need to somehow gather information to deal with it.”

“…”

“It means you can no longer go on without knowing what you don’t know.”

Silence tacit consent.

I started with the part that bothered me the most.

“First of all it seems like Ravin is paying attention to Chungwoo.”

“Umm… Yep.”

affirmation.

“What is the reason?”

Cha Yu-jin looked sullen for a moment but soon calmed down.

“Hyung do you really want to hear it?”

“uh.”

“OK.”

Cha Yu-jin was silent for a moment. Without prompting I quietly continued preparing the ingredients.

Soon a calm voice rang through the sink.

“In the old days Steer’s brother Cheong-woo was a scary person.”

“…!”

It was an unusual choice of words.

Scaring you?

“What was it like specifically?”

[You know half of the early members of the KPOP group called Steer were a mess. So he led the team like a high-ranking leader. Like a very tough American football captain.]

Cha Yu-jin slightly shrugged her shoulders.

[So what I mean is that he never treated his teammates as tolerantly and gently as he does now.]

“…for example?”

The guy frowned as if recalling a vague memory.

[There was a time when a member who missed choreography practice was not allowed to come into the dorm and had to stay up all night in the practice room.]

what?

I immediately grabbed the handle of the frying pan. Cha Yu-jin continued speaking with a hint of laughter.

[That stupid guy almost cried and had to learn the choreography all morning.]

“…”

[And that kind of punishment continued for several years.]

‘It’s hard to believe.’

Due to Liu Chengwu’s personality it is impossible or something like that.

The question was whether it was realistically possible.

‘This isn’t even the military.’

No matter how old they were they were all in the same age group.

And in the same situation an individual who is only a leader in name tries to ‘punish’ like an instructor?

As long as the other members had thick heads there was a limit to how effective they could be.

Moreover haven’t they all just debuted by being ranked high on a popular survival program? At a time when my self-consciousness was so inflated…

“That worked?”

But Cha Yu-jin answered immediately.

[It worked.]

“…”

i get it.

‘It means that Ryu Cheong-woo was surprisingly familiar with the politics of fear to the extent that common sense defies it.’

In order to control the atmosphere of the group which was in chaos both internally and externally… in the end a hard-line policy was used.

I silently flipped the bacon. And I checked by starting to fry the sliced kimchi in the oil.

“It means that as a leader he was properly coercive.”

“It’s similar.”

While listening to Cha Yu-jin’s affirmation I mechanically put the cooled rice into the frying pan and smoothened it out.

Repetitive labor makes it easy to think about other things and I completed my rebuttal in no time.

“But Ravin would have listened even if he didn’t have to.”

“What about me? “I listen too!”

“Do you have a conscience?”

“Boo.”

The guy made a sullen expression as if he was a little offended but soon gave a proper answer.

“If you discriminate problems arise. “I think that’s why Chungwoo treated all members equally strongly.”

“…”

They said they couldn’t take care of each and every situation because they had to suppress them and prevent them from making a single noise.

‘That’s why even Kim Rae-bin noticed… la.’

Come to think of it steer Cha Yu-jin was surprisingly obedient to Ryu Cheong-woo in the beginning.

It was an indicator showing the level of bloodshed in the team atmosphere that Ryu Cheong-woo a former national team athlete had controlled by ‘not paying attention’.

‘For the politics of fear meta to work in the long run it had to be at that level.’

After suppressing the backlash for several years half of the members eventually decided to leave the group and run rather than cause problems within the group.

The agency took hold of the abandoned group and managed it somehow.

However Cha Yu-jin seemed a little regretful even after speaking.

[As our fan you have the right to protect your fantasy. So I didn’t mention it specifically but… yes that’s the truth.]

“…”

And I knew.

“You have no reason to lie.”

“that’s right. “I am an honest person.”

I finished the kimchi fried rice by adding cheese.

And he spoke calmly to Cha Yu-jin who was dispelling her gloom with her appetite.

“There’s nothing in particular where the illusion is broken or anything like that.”

“…are you telling me seriously?”

“Are you coming?”

In the end Ryu Cheong-woo made the best choice within the given environment.

I can’t criticize it for not being the best choice.

‘It’s a miracle that you did that with disobedient children.’

More than that.

“So right now Steer Liu Chengwu is trying to be gentle on purpose.”

Cha Yu-jin seemed lost in thought for a moment but eventually nodded.

“I think so too. Because people don’t like showing their weaknesses. Chungwoo is no exception.”

In other words Steer Ryu Cheong-woo himself viewed his ‘coercive leader’ image as a weakness that would not help him settle down here.

‘…There is a high probability that he himself would not have been willing to be so forceful in the first place.’

I predicted as I cut a stick of butter in half and added it to a new pan for frying eggs.

And now I asked Cha Yu-jin who couldn’t take her eyes off the kimchi fried rice with all the cheese melted on it.

“I get it. “Then what about Ravin?”

“…”

“I don’t know why you don’t want to be on stage.”

Then Cha Yu-jin slumped her shoulders slightly.

“I don’t know either.”

“…??”

[The steer I remember Raebin Kim… Yes he was less active than he is now. But I didn’t hate the stage.]

“…”

I didn’t bother to say that even now I just don’t recognize myself as a ‘performer’ but I don’t think I hate the stage.

In the end there isn’t much difference.

‘Anyway this guy doesn’t know exactly.’

In that case it could be that there was a decisive incident with steer Kim Rae-bin after this guy went to the United States.

-After the group disbanded. After breaking up with all the members.

I decided to keep this timing in mind.

and.

“Let me ask you one last question.”

“…OK.”

I brought up the question I had been putting off.

“…What happened to Bae Se-jin?”

Crackling.

The sound of eggs cooking filled the quiet kitchen.

and.

[The news seems to have stopped a few years ago and I think he continued to appeal the trial.]

You appealed?

An appeal means that you are dissatisfied with the outcome of the trial.

And that also meant that he was found guilty of drug distribution and was definitely sentenced to prison or a fine.

‘Fuck you.’

If it is distributed there is a higher probability of imprisonment. I held back a sigh.

“What are the results?”

“I don’t remember. [Perhaps the Steer members did not intentionally look for the final conclusion.]”

Cha Yu-jin’s voice sounded a little bitter.

“But now I know. Sejin is a completely moral person. So… [I now think it was a misunderstanding or a coincidence with bad timing.]”

“…okay.”

That was it.

‘Then all of the Steer guys know that Bae Se-jin was found guilty in the trial.’

It was even more surprising that steer Ryu Cheong-woo was quite gentle and kind to Bae Se-jin here.

‘hmm.’

I turned down the heat on the induction stove coming up with a few hypotheses.

Then I put two soft-boiled fried eggs on top of the kimchi fried rice with burnt cheese.

“It’s done.”

“Wow!!”

In an instant all of Cha Yu-jin’s worries disappeared. Well that’s nice to see.

And after a while the guys who had gone out to the front door came rushing back.

“Hey should we leave with kimchi fried rice?”

“My brother uses delivery service!”

“Wow that’s really shameful Eugene.”

I made some kind of decision while looking at the steers who were standing together in silence and a bit awkwardly.

First of all the basics.

‘The situation is so messed up right now.’

After listening to Cha Yu-jin’s explanation I realized that the cause-and-effect relationship during steer was more complicated than I thought.

But how to guide both guys to regain their memories satisfactorily at the same time without stepping on either bomb?

‘The level of difficulty is crazy.’

And even if all of this miraculously ends well the problem remains.

‘Recovering my memories ultimately depends on this system update.’

That cannot be guaranteed.

I am not clear on how this system works.

That’s why the reasoning in that part becomes vague and it lingers even when you talk about it.

In the end the conclusion is that if I do not understand this fundamental part there is no clear answer.

-Why did the update bring back memories of when I was steering?

-When will I regain my original memories?

Principle of the system.

And under the current conditions… I could think of a way to figure this out.

‘Then I’ll find out.’

If I hesitate I’ll drag it again and the bomb may explode while it’s out of my hands.

‘I’ll never see that again.’

Here following direct conversation with the person concerned the second step of ‘Jeonggongbeop’ comes.

– Direct analysis of the system.

And to catch a tiger you have to go into the tiger’s den.

I decided.

‘Throws an adventure number.’

And if I’m going to take a risk I have to do it myself to feel safe.

So early that morning.

‘Status window.’

It’s been a while since I volunteered to load up my gaming system.

And since it was in ‘preview’ mode I checked again the system pop-up which was somewhat lacking in completeness.

[Mission Failed\: Return to original state]

Maximum viewing time\: 48 hours

-Would you like to view?

48 hours is probably the maximum penalty period that Park Moon-dae and Ryu Geon-woo received when their bodies changed hands last time.

‘Seeing as it’s labeled as maximum there’s a high probability that I can finish it arbitrarily.’

Even in the worst case a conclusion is reached within 48 hours.

Please note that tomorrow is the weekend.

My competition stage is not ready yet and Keoldal has a day off from work.

Doesn’t it fit perfectly?

[Are you really going to do this?]

okay.

[All right…]

Geoldal who had already been persuaded for several hours obediently agreed to my opinion.

And after a while.

“after.”

I woke up in bed with tired eyes.

The ceiling of Ryu Geon-woo’s bedroom was outlined in the dim light.

But I don’t have time to check in detail.

‘Starting with connection.’

I immediately accessed the view of ‘Parkmundae’ where the big moon was.

[Viewing fragment records]

Images are projected into my mind as if my field of vision is split in two.

‘good.’

This is what I did last time.

And this tells us one thing.

‘If the body is in a changed state I can access Park Moon-dae’s field of vision through a status window just like Keundal did.’

If so we might be able to go one step further.

So I took it to the next step.

-It’s a bit like being sucked into a typhoon or a black hole…

‘That’s difficult.’

As I recalled Big Moon’s vague explanation I focused more and more on the visible surface of the status window as much as possible…

And how much time has passed?

‘…!’

My consciousness was literally sucked into me.

Into the status window.

‘That’s it!’

Check and change system structure.

Just like Geoldal had done several times before by accessing the system through the status window from the daydream incident to the collapse of the building.

[■■■■■■■■■]

‘I’ll just… put you in a coma-like state where you can’t recover.’

I started analyzing the system.
