---
title: "Chapter 510"
category: "book"
index: 509
section: "Chapter 510"
slug: "510"
---

# Chapter 510

Entering the system felt similar to a kind of pseudo-sleep state.

Could it be said to be a dirty feeling where one succeeds in waking up momentarily from a state of pressure only to eventually succumb to the pouring sleep and fall asleep with a sober mind?

‘The expression ‘being sucked in’ is really accurate.’

Just like Geoldal explained.

-brother! As expected you quit…

-brother? my…

-…

It seemed like the big moon was still sending a message but that was all.

There was a dull hum as if I was hearing outside sounds underwater and soon even that was no longer heard.

Like falling into a deep sleep.

Like falling down a cliff.

A feeling of sinking into the deep sea.

‘…after.’

For a moment I felt like I was feeling dizzy and overwhelmed but I quickly shook it off.

‘It was already expected.’

There is no need to be embarrassed by what you know. I paused again and tried to figure out the structure of this system.

After a while.

‘…!’

As if I was slowly opening my eyes I began to realize where I was.

And I was astonished.

‘oh my god.’

loaf.

There were endless glowing lumps of different sizes randomly packed all over the place. And they were complexly interconnected and flashed irregularly.

The inside of the system was messy like circuits that had been patched together.

‘What is this?’

It felt like a system coded by a beginner. To the point where I think naming it “system” was a pretty good choice.

At the same time it felt like an architectural design drawing cut and pasted in a bizarre and confusing way with connections attached like spider webs or synapses.

In one word it’s a huge… mess.

This was first implemented as a nice-looking status window? It was clear that the big moon had ground its own head.

‘Should I look at everything one by one?’

I first approached the nearest lump and focused my attention.

It was like I was able to access the database.

This is…

[Company rating measurement]

I see.

‘Is it so that each function is divided and connected?’

I briefly speculated that it might have become such a messy structure because necessary things were added from time to time.

And from then on the search began in earnest.

‘There’s still plenty of time until morning.’

I was planning on staying here for at least a few hours.

And after a considerable amount of time has passed.

I checked the names of all kinds of lumps.

Perhaps because it was in the outskirts there were a lot of company-related functions that seemed to have been created recently.

‘There are so many of them.’

It wasn’t strange to be annoyed but I wasn’t annoyed perhaps because I was satisfied with digging into the inside of this damn system.

Anyway it wasn’t long before I patiently continued to check my surroundings and found what I was looking for.

[☆Search☆]

Unlike other lumps this one has a unique expression.

This was not created by the system. This is the trace left by the big moon that was implemented last time.

‘It was implemented when the building collapse mission failed.’

Complexly connected to several chunks it looked more like a terminal than a chunk.

‘good.’

Through this I was able to immediately access the desired function.

And if you want you can connect them well and create an application function.

-Actually it’s not even an application it’s just a change in the way it’s displayed…

No search is a really great feature.

While remembering Geoldal’s words I accessed the ‘search’ terminal.

‘Is it okay to make it this way?’

After carefully checking the implementation method I concluded that I could create an application function in a similar way.

And I used the search function as I had originally intended.

The purpose is to understand how updates in this system work.

-search.

-… All information related to updates.

Give it all.

At that moment my consciousness began to quickly pull towards the destination in all directions.

I gritted my teeth and began to accept the pouring information.

And then I realized.

‘…!!’

The purpose of this damn bastard is…

* * *

‘brother! Are you okay?’

Now that he was in Park Moon-dae’s body he couldn’t bring himself to make a loud noise but inside he was almost screaming.

‘Of course I should have gone!’

Testa Park Moon-dae who was originally Ryu Geon-woo was very good at cleverly distorting logic and persuading and in the end Geoldal gave in to his will…

The thesis ‘I feel more comfortable doing it myself’ was a matter of subjective appreciation. Geoldal who still had a soft side could not rationally deny those words.

Moreover Geundall had already failed once.

-The pressure was so strong that it was impossible to find out specific information. Maybe my brother could go in there…

-…? If someone fails once it seems reasonable to change people and try again.

-yes? Yes that’s true but…

So in the end the moment you spit out a vague affirmation you become possessed and when you come to your senses you find yourself in a crazy situation where your body has changed.

‘Ugh… ’

Big Moon couldn’t bear to take a nap in bed so he came out to the living room sofa and waited with open eyes for news from Ryu Geon-woo…

But I knew.

Controlling the system is easy to say but in reality it was an incredibly difficult and difficult task.

‘He probably won’t be able to come out for a while… ’

[Big moon.]

thud.

“Huh-up.”

Geoldal had to immediately roll off the sofa and cover his mouth.

There was a message from Testa Park Mun-dae crackling and shaking in the air.

‘Did I come out?’

[Not like that.]

The message was answered casually.

[I found your search function. I also tried to utilize the messaging function in a similar way. It seems a bit… unstable.]

“…??”

So you’re sending a message… from within the system?

Why did you come up with that idea? No better than that!

‘brother! Come out quickly! ‘I guess I was wrong!’

[No everything is smooth here. I don’t think that’s necessary.]

Big Moon cried out asking why he was so calm in that monster scab but the messages kept arriving.

[There is something to be delivered.]

[I found out why the system updates in this way.]

“…!!”

Big Moon even forgot to howl.

“What is it?”

The answer to the question I had muttered without even realizing it came back like a knife.

[To make me use the system often.]

“…??”

yes?

[Think about it.]

[Last time during the update Cha Yu-jin’s memories were lost. I tried many times to use the system somehow to obtain information.]

It was like that.

Testa Park Moon-Dae tried to see if it was possible to continue activating some functions while holding on to the system which was not updated and operating in such a ridiculous state of emergency.

Of course it was impossible.

‘brother… ’

Just when my heart was about to sink for a moment.

[I think I learned that.]

“…??”

And then a long message arrived at breakneck speed.

[This bastard decided that the most efficient way to entice me was to erase my member’s memories like he did back then.]

[That’s why you’re doing this shit. I expect that if I do this I will use the system often.]

Huh.

[Last time I saw myself wasting a lot of money trying to use the system.]

“…”

The choice of words was unusual.

‘Tongue brother.’

And Keundal realized why Lee took advantage of the inefficient messaging function between himself and himself.

This guy was so angry that he had to tell someone about this…

[Do you remember? Last time we updated we added all kinds of additional features.]

[As if asking me to write something.]

‘yes… ’

I also knew about the big moon.

After completing the update I saw everything that flashed as a pop-up such as a survey or a new feature as shared view.

but.

‘But it didn’t work… ’

That brother completely ignored everything.

[okay.]

[Because appearing useful didn’t work he tried to make me more desperate.]

“…”

[That’s the situation right now.]

‘oh my god.’

In other words the system has decided that it is much more efficient to corner the opponent than to become useful.

It was a chilling conclusion.

‘It wasn’t safe because my brother became the owner rather than subordinate to the system.’

If a rattlesnake bites its tongue it becomes poisoned and dies. Just because you have poison doesn’t mean you won’t be harmed by that poison.

After thinking about it for a while Big Moon realized it and quickly shouted.

‘Hyung now that you know you’re coming out right? ‘Come out now!’

I was planning to pray that if my brother would come out right away they would just throw away this system.

but.

[for a moment.]

“…?”

Suddenly a surprisingly calm message came back in response as if it was genuine.

However the content made Geoldal uneasy.

[I found something else now.]

‘What on earth?’

What else did you find in that short period of time?

Big Moon wanted to cry a little now.

What on earth is he doing in that system right now?

* * *

Inside the system.

‘You crazy bastard.’

I can barely control my anger.

As a result of the search the frustrating result was that it was a beta version a mess and that this system was not much different from before it was destroyed.

‘Still getting results is a harvest in itself.’

The road to get here wasn’t easy. I won’t pretend like it’s not for nothing.

First of all using search an ‘application function’ created by Keudal consumed a tremendous amount of mental energy. I thought my head was going to burst due to the immense pressure.

‘Damn it.’

I’ve been thinking about this for a while but how on earth did Geoldal survive this and work on it?

It wasn’t surprising that he hadn’t found out anything specific about the update until now.

I decided that it would be foolish to come all the way here and return empty-handed so I managed to hold on.

-But you still do it!

…while saying this.

Moreover since Keoldal already knows everything if I can’t do it he will definitely log in here and try to do it again.

‘Then it’s inefficient.’

It’s a waste of time and pain.

So I just did it. And I didn’t really like the conclusion I found.

‘This bastard is real.’

I suppressed my irritation and looked at part of the update information that appeared in front of me.

[Use Frequency\: 0]

-Re-updated

\: Application of the best situation based on ‘frequency of use’ (period\: 365)

The goal was to increase the frequency of use.

‘That’s why this shit happened.’

However the first update that became the standard for this revision namely Steer Cha Yu-jin was slightly different.

\: Apply command to improve capabilities of entities belonging to ‘Company’

In the case of steer Cha Yu-jin it seems to have been an attempt to return Cha Yu-jin’s forgotten steer activity experience in order to promote ‘improvement of the abilities of the company’s artists.’

However the original memory was lost during the update.

‘But suddenly the frequency of use increased during the update so we took a step back and achieved our goal.’

It was amazing.

-go away.

My will rang through the air and information was scattered. I regained consciousness and calmed down again.

But there was also a strange feeling of pleasure like unraveling a knot.

Anyway just by knowing this bastard’s purpose I could see the way.

‘Once you know it it’s not difficult to handle.’

The system probably didn’t just give me the ‘Mission Failure View’ function that I am currently using to enter Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

I think they analyzed that there would be a high level of dependence on the system in a desperate situation of mission failure. Did you want to remind them of that experience?

Sorry but it was a failure.

‘I’ll make you regret giving me this feature.’

I grinned ferociously and shoved the damn information out of my sight.

My head raced and I came up with a plan. It seemed like the business was over now.

‘Then let’s go out now… just a moment.’

But then.

I noticed that the last most recent addition to the scattered information was hanging at the bottom.

This is it.

[Ver.2.2 update (scheduled)]

– Implementing data

‘Is this… next time?’

In terms of modern civilization it felt like content that was ‘reserved’.

‘Let’s check.’

I’m sure we’ll find out what this guy originally had in store. I listened to analyze the information one more time.

If you focus your mind and try to understand specific details…

A message rings in my head.

-who is this?

“…!!”

I lost focus.

‘just now.’

Something came into the application function called ‘Message’ that I implemented.

‘what?’

I tried to implement the ‘Message’ function in more detail to make it more visible.

‘Damn it.’

For a moment it felt like my missing teeth were clenching under the strange pressure that the system seemed to be rejecting.

A name was added to the front of the message.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Who is it?

“…!”

I realized.

Sejin Lee A. The name tag Bae Se-jin received during &lt;Azusa&gt;. So… Bae Se-jin whose name has not been changed.

And to be updated.

‘The number of cases is one.’

-Lee Se-jin A\: Where am I?

Now I have accessed the memories of ‘Steer Bae Se-jin’.
