---
title: "Chapter 511"
category: "book"
index: 510
section: "Chapter 511"
slug: "511"
---

# Chapter 511

Steer Sejin Lee.

Bae Se-jin whose name has not been changed.

The memory of the person who had been tried for drug distribution in the past and appealed was in the system I am currently digging into.

‘…Let’s stay calm.’

It wasn’t surprising.

From my experience so far it seems like the system stores memories of past lives as a kind of backup.

‘I’ve already seen my memories of my steer days come back a few times so how can I be surprised now?’

I also regained memories of my days at the company while beating the system.

The problem is this.

‘Is it okay for me to talk?’

Conversation not just memory was possible. It was unclear what effect this would have.

Normally there is a high probability that he would have escaped without being touched… but now is a special situation.

This means that they even changed their bodies and forced access to the system.

‘If you pass it on like this you’ll be X.’

It is beneficial to try everything you can.

-Lee Se-jin\: I asked who you were.

Just then the guy sent me another message. It seems like they recognized that I was around in some way.

‘…’

okay.

I touched the chunk of information as if I was connected to a terminal. And Keundal slowly sent a letter as if sending a message to ‘Park Moon-dae’.

Starting with expressions that the other side can easily understand.

[I am a member of the same group as you now.]

At that moment an immediate reply came as if a thunderbolt had struck.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Steer?

And for a while there was no response to the data.

After a considerable gap filled in as if a person paused an answer finally came back.

Carefully.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Ryu Cheong-woo?

‘…’

Strictly speaking two of those letters should be considered roughly correct.

[Not Cheongwoo. Probably not who you think.]

And just as I was about to continue the explanation from here.

The sharp reply arrived one step ahead.

-Lee Se-jin A\: I am no longer a steer. And Steer has never recruited a new member.

-Lee Se-jin A\: If we were in the same group there’s no way I wouldn’t know. Reveal your identity in detail.

‘…!’

This guy knows the situation in more detail than you think.

‘It means that there is enough background knowledge to be able to make logical arguments.’

It was strange. Any news on your previous group after you left and went through a legal battle? It’s usually hard to even pay attention to.

However the fact that I know these details means that I searched for them on my own.

I stabbed that part on purpose.

[Have you been looking for steer regularly?]

-Lee Se-jin A\: You answer first.

It’s solid.

On the contrary it felt less sensitive than in &lt;Azusa&gt;. They are more than alert but they seem to be basically unperturbed.

‘hmm.’

If so that would be fine.

I decided to be honest about the situation.

[I am not a steer.]

-Lee Se-jin A\: What?

[My current brother debuted in a group called Testa not Steer. I belong to that group.]

And I tried something new.

‘It doesn’t necessarily have to be in the form of a message.’

Instead of refining it into language I transmit the information I want to convey in its entirety.

Some information about the situation I have encountered so far.

Concentrate your consciousness while in contact with the terminal.

-Lee Se-jin A\: ‘Brother’? What is that…

And that moment.

Everything I had experienced so far flowed into the terminal raw without any need to organize it.

-Lee Se-jin A\: !!

‘It’s an unbelievable story so this is more efficient.’

The pressure was intense but not unbearable. After passing the information to the narrow line I took my consciousness off the terminal.

And ‘Lee Se-jin A’ seemed to just quietly accept the information I sent without replying.

After enough time has passed to digest it.

-Lee Se-jin A\: So.

-Lee Se-jin A\: I debuted in a different group.

The answer came back.

‘It worked well.’

Although I almost bit my tongue.

I regained my concentration and answered.

[yes.]

-Lee Se-jin A\: Then… how am I doing now?

[You are working well as a group. And he changed his name to his mother’s last name. As Bae Se-jin.]

It meant that no problems occurred that would cause him to leave the group and that the issue of blood ties was resolved.

The answer came only after a period of blank space that was closer to blank space than silence.

-Lee Se-jin A\: You are living well.

It was a fairly calm response.

[You are working hard.]

-Lee Se-jin A\: I have never been lazy either. But living hard and living well are different.

‘…’

I was a little conflicted and decided to ask out loud.

It would be funny to come all the way here and pretend not to know.

[Does your brother think that he has not lived well?]

A former child actor and former idol who was involved in a drug scandal that ruined his career and held on to appeal.

-Lee Se-jin A\: That’s not necessarily true. It’s not like there was no one who believed in me.

-Lee Se-jin A\: But I won’t deny that the majority of people didn’t believe it.

‘You’re calm.’

To be honest it wouldn’t be surprising if it turned out to be more psychologically painful or if it attacked me for asking. Isn’t this a situation that makes sense?

However steer Bae Se-jin written as ‘Lee Se-jin A’ used a firm tone without any agitation.

‘Is it because it’s data in the first place and you can’t be swayed?’

No no.

In that case there is no way that the feeling of such a detailed conversation could be conveyed.

My doubts were soon resolved.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Anyway okay.

-Lee Se-jin A\: So… is this conversation like a dream I’m dreaming after already escaping from this situation?

[A dream?]

-Lee Se-jin A\: Yes. If I were just a memory there’s no way I could talk to you like this.

It was an interesting assumption.

‘I’m sure… Bae Se-jin is sleeping right now.’

Based on Bae Se-jin’s consciousness this steer Bae Se-jin’s memories can come out of the information chunk and have a conversation…

So the basic principle is the same as the past steer cases.

‘Anyway it’s unusual for him not to be embarrassed saying it’s just a memory.’

To be honest I predicted that Steer Bae Se-jin would be a very twisted person. Since I was a child I haven’t been able to solve anything and the environment has dragged me into an abyss.

‘When a person goes through something like that of course their personality is ruined.’

However this guy I’m talking to now… had the appearance of a veteran who had experienced all sorts of hardships.

[Aren’t you feeling unfair?]

-Lee Se-jin A\: It was unfair.

-Lee Se-jin A\: But I also learned that just being unfair doesn’t solve the problem.

These are the aspects.

It was very solid.

Moreover he even suggested the opposite.

-Lee Se-jin A\: It seems like the situation is not good right now. If you have any questions ask. Because I will answer.

They were more cooperative than I expected.

‘You can’t miss it.’

So the moment I tried to quickly ask a question…

‘hmm.’

A better idea occurred to me.

If you are this calm and mentally strong this method would be better.

[How about this?]

I explained my proposal and Lee Se-jin A seemed to think for a moment but soon answered willingly.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Yes. That would be great.

okay.

I immediately grabbed his terminal.

And they started tearing away from the system.

Pressure swept through my body.

* * *

Testa’s accommodation at night.

Geoldal who was sitting on the living room sofa in a state of anxiety to the point of almost biting his fingernails finally received the pop-up he had been waiting for.

[It’s out of the system now]

“…!!”

It was a call from Testa Park Moon-dae that came directly from the system.

at las!

‘thank god!’

Big Moon sighed in relief wiped away his cold sweat and lowered his voice as much as possible and shouted.

“Now take your body back. “No don’t ever re-enter the system!”

[wait for a sec. I want my body to stay like this until tomorrow morning is that okay?]

“…?”

[I have work to do.]

[Go that way. I’m getting some sleep.]

“…??”

And a few minutes later Geudal happened to meet Ryu Geon-woo who silently entered the password and infiltrated the Testa dormitory.

‘brother!?’

[I told you to sleep.]

Testa Park Moon-dae kept his mouth shut.

His older brother who had entered Ryu Geon-woo’s body again answered quietly without opening his mouth as if to avoid waking up the other members.

Then he walked into the living room and said\:

[I’ll be getting ready so take a break.]

‘What are you preparing?’

A pop-up appeared with Ryu Geon-woo’s face quietly looking at the large moon without any expression.

[conversation.]

Recalling the conversation I had with steer Bae Se-jin within the system.

-Have you ever wanted to talk to someone in person?

-Lee Se-jin A\: Good.

And about an hour later.

The conversation actually happens.

* * *

Liu Chengwu woke up from his sleep when a hand shook him.

My mind wasn’t clear and the room was dark.

‘Is it still dawn?’

He didn’t feel much discomfort at being forced to wake up earlier than expected.

Because I lived like that for several years. It was something I had to get used to if I wanted to work in the entertainment industry.

However I couldn’t help but feel embarrassed the moment I saw a stranger in front of me in my dorm.

“…!”

A cold-looking man wearing glasses.

Its appearance somehow resembled itself.

“who…”

“Ryu Geon-woo.”

“ah.”

It is a name to remember.

He felt sleep slipping away and quickly got up from the bed.

The person who Ryu Geon-woo Testa Park Moon-dae revealed was his previous life.

‘And my relatives.’

He motioned quietly to himself.

“…?”

“Follow me.”

Liu Qingyu did not protest and quietly followed him.

The destination is the room across from us.

It was Park Moon-dae and Kim Rae-bin’s room.

“Brother tongue.”

“Oh.”

Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin were seen in the light of the stand as if they had already woken up.

And the moment he saw In-seon Ryu Cheong-wu’s blood rushed from head to toe.

‘It’s just us.’

These are all people who have memories of Steer.

He asked slightly puzzled without showing it although the level of tension increased.

“Um… what situation is this?”

“I switched bodies for a moment.”

Without even asking whether such a thing was possible Ryu Cheng-wu instinctively realized that he was Testa Park Mun-dae.

This is because things like tone of voice eyes gestures and strides were completely consistent.

‘Now that I think about it I heard that the person who was originally Park Moon-dae is using his body now.’

When Ryu Cheong-woo recalled a rough explanation of the situation he acknowledged the situation. Anyway it wouldn’t help me if I didn’t admit it.

It was a bit suspicious and awkward but there was no need to express it out loud.

So instead he responded like Ryu Cheong-woo the leader of Testa.

“Isn’t there a problem? “It’s amazing to see you again like this but… safety is more important than that.”

“There is no problem. “Thank you for your concern.”

Ryu Geon-woo responded as if he had chosen the correct answer.

but.

“But I’m not seeing you again.”

He calmly breaks down his words.

“Because you don’t remember Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…”

Liu Qingwu responded unfazed.

“Well so much time has passed that I guess I didn’t recognize him for a moment. sorry.”

“okay. “It could be so.”

Ryu Geon-woo nodded easily.

“But you said it was a mistake when I answered ‘Ryu Geon-woo’.”

“…!”

As if I made a mistake.

In short he was conscious of not recognizing Ryu Geon-woo.

Because it’s a lie that I care about.

“Are you sure you said you remembered Ryu Geon-woo?”

“…”

After silence.

Liu Qingyu immediately smiled bitterly.

“no.”

“…”

“When I looked at the photo album on my smartphone there was a video. “I wondered why I had saved previous family trips with recent dates centered on relatives I couldn’t even remember.”

The time when Testa Ryu Cheong-woo was looking for Ryu Geon-woo at the request of Park Moon-dae.

He saved the scene of ‘Ryu Geon-woo’ in his family travel video that Park Moon-dae recognized on his smartphone wondering if it might be of use.

“So I remembered it… but when you asked it just came to mind and I said it.”

A calm explanation that it was not intentional.

It was persuasive enough but Ryu Geon-woo did not fall for it.

‘You looked at each and every detail of Testa Ryu Cheong-woo’s phone gallery.’

And it was even revealed that he intentionally answered that he remembered to make it easier for him to settle down here.

I didn’t need to point it out.

“I’m sorry if it felt deceptive.”

Ryu Cheong-woo like tester Ryu Cheong-woo apologized meekly.

But at the same time he also saw Kim Rae-bin flinch at his soft tone.

It’s an ambivalent feeling that makes you feel a little sad but also keeps you on edge for fear of saying something useless.

‘I can’t help it.’

It wasn’t a very pleasant experience. Liu Qingwu clenched and unclenched his fists thinking somewhat self-deprecatingly.

And after hearing the apology Ryu Geon-woo calmly nodded.

“I don’t think it’s deceptive. But that’s not what I wanted to talk about.”

Ryu Cheng-wu was briefly relieved but soon heard Ryu Geon-wu’s bombshell announcement.

“Actually what I have to say here isn’t that important.”

“…?”

“Because I came here as an agent.”

And he began to look into space.

“From now on I will pass on what he said.”

Although it was not visible to others there was a new message pop-up that he had ‘ripped out of the system and implemented as a status window’.

-Lee Se-jin A\: It’s been a while.

“I’m Sejin Lee. Sejin Lee who was a steer.”

He started reading the contents of the message pop-up.

And a cold silence fell in the room.

“What now?”

“yes…?”

Ryu Geon-woo’s voice rang through the words of the Steer members asking questions.

“The reason I came here is. “Because I have something to say.”

-Lee Se-jin A\: I don’t think you’ll be curious about my thoughts and there’s no need to so I don’t plan on saying anything else.

-Lee Se-jin A\: But I have to tell you one thing. There’s something I remember clearly.

Ryu Geon-woo looked at Lee Se-jin A’s message pop-up and clearly conveyed the content.

“I won the case.”

At that moment everyone in the room raised their heads.

Among the shocked and blank-faced people steer Bae Se-jin spoke through Ryu Geon-woo’s mouth as if making a declaration.

“I was dissatisfied in the second trial and appealed and in the final third trial that went all the way to the Supreme Court… I won.”

The message proclaimed clearly.

-Lee Se-jin A\: So Steer is not a drug group.
