---
title: "Chapter 512"
category: "book"
index: 511
section: "Chapter 512"
slug: "512"
---

# Chapter 512

“…”

Park Moon-dae and Kim Rae-bin’s room was filled with silence.

The former member of Steer said so through the mouth of Ryu Geon-woo who stands tall.

-I won the case.

So Steer is not a drug group.

“…”

A silent shock echoed through the air.

Steer Liu Chengwu muttered to himself.

“Win the case.”

“okay.”

Beyond Ryu Geon-woo’s answer the image of a member who had already left the group seemed to emerge.

Lee Se-jin A a former actor.

Liu Chengyu opened his mouth involuntarily.

“how?”

He knew how the trial unfolded.

This is because I checked and remembered how Steer Bae Se-jin reacted when he was arrested on drug distribution charges.

Those words were said with a face filled with anger resentment and fear.

-no!

He believed that it was true.

It wasn’t that he was embarrassed because he was caught but rather he was angry because he felt unfairly treated.

‘It’s either a misunderstanding or a false accusation.’

So I spent every early morning worrying about how this group would survive until the charges were lifted.

When I think back now I liked those times better.

This is because contrary to plan Lee Se-jin A’s charges were not cleared.

Thanks to the burning public opinion the ruling came out frighteningly quickly. and.

[&lt;Azusa&gt; Debut group steer Lee Se-jin sentenced to prison in first trial…”The crime is bad”]

Sentenced to imprisonment.

But Lee Se-jin A did not give up.

And the more he appealed the worse Internet public opinion became. It’s surprising that there are places left where it gets worse.

-I’m sick of it you weakling.

-Anyway it seems like those who sell drugs have sold their brains and conscience.

-I guess sucking money from a bad guy must have been really bad so I can’t give up.

-Wow I had no idea that they would turn out to be so cruel after starting their family business so seriously; I think my close friends should also investigate.

Days like that continued.

When the article was published excited people came and disappeared like the ebb.

After a while like that.

After being sentenced to prison in the second trial this topic has no longer become a hot topic in public opinion.

This is because there was no room for controversy and it became cold.

-LOL it’s ugly.

“…”

And Liu Chengwu could not have known that there was little chance that the result would suddenly change to not guilty in the final third trial of the Supreme Court.

Because it already said so in the article.

In fact it was common sense that could be explained with just a comment even without considering the complex trial procedural issues such as legal and factual trials mentioned in the article.

-All the evidence has already come out so why are you acting like that?

Even an accomplice testified about the bank account where the money went.

“…”

Only then did Liu Chengwu give up looking for the trial results.

He was already tired enough.

‘I can’t do this.’

While I was trying to somehow support the collapsing group by scolding and threatening I didn’t have the energy to spend on this kind of torture of hope.

He decided to be realistic.

But here it all turns out to be a lie… At the end it is explained that he was ultimately acquitted.

You are using someone else’s mouth to do this without even knowing where the person is.

‘Lee Se-jin A who was a steer did not distribute drugs.’

The overwhelming meaning of that one sentence.

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo opened his mouth again.

Lee Se-jin A’s words came out.

“I understand your feeling of disbelief.”

There are very few cases where a person is suddenly found not guilty only in the third trial.

-Lee Se-jin A\: However if you can find a legitimate reason for appeal there is no way.

-Lee Se-jin A\: In my case it was a false statement by a witness.

Lee Se-jin A found contradictions in the statement of his biological father who risked his life in order to receive a reduced sentence and overturned it.

It was the result of persistence persistence not giving up meticulousness and a little bit of bad luck.

“It took a long time but in the end the original verdict was overturned and the case was remanded to trial again.”

Ryu Geon-woo calmly read the message.

A lot of agony several years of trial and the end of another trial.

“I won.”

“…”

innocence.

“I don’t lie about things like this. “There’s no need for that.”

Ryu Geon-woo remained calm.

And that calmness really seemed to ensure that Lee Se-jin A spoke the truth without hesitation.

Everyone there felt it.

“…”

And as if to break the silence one person jumped out.

“You fXXking did it!”

It was Cha Yu-jin.

Noise and heat suddenly fill the room.

He gave Ryu Geon-woo a rough hug and reacted warmly like a coach rushing at a boxer who had just won.

Of course Ryu Geon-woo refused.

“It’s not me.”

“i know. Please pass it on!”

Cha Yu-jin spoke in a slightly trembling voice.

[I’m sorry I didn’t look until the end.]

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo nodded with a slight smile.

“They said thank you.”

“Oh…”

The stiff atmosphere melted in an instant.

But the remaining two people were still sitting motionless in their seats.

It was a shocking difference.

Unlike Cha Yu-jin who had already completed her internal conflict as a steer for these two all of these events were currently in progress.

‘I see.’

So Ryu Geon-woo roughly separated Cha Yu-jin and opened his mouth again.

To convey the next words.

-Lee Se-jin A\: But I know.

-Lee Se-jin A\: The fact that I won the case means a lot only to me.

“For you hearing this story now doesn’t change what you’ve already experienced.”

At the beginning of their debut Stier suffered a huge blow due to a member’s drug charges and that was the starting point for their collapse and disbandment.

It was a proposition that would not change.

Even if it turns out now that it wasn’t true the public won’t care. In vain.

“…and I have no intention of denying that the injustice I experienced also caused great harm to you. “That can’t be possible.”

but.

-Lee Se-jin A\: But you can change how you feel when you think of those memories.

Steer didn’t fail because he deserved it.

That way you can come up with reasons to refute it yourself.

“…So I really wanted to let you know that it was legally proven and recognized.”

-Lee Se-jin A\: That’s it.

“…”

With those words Ryu Geon-woo closed his mouth.

The message pop-up no longer appeared. As if he had finished everything he really wanted to say and had no regrets.

It was then.

“I.”

A hand came up from one side of the bed.

It was Kim Rae-bin whose eyes were slightly red.

“Well… you must have been through a lot but can I say I’m sorry for not being able to help you…”

Ryu Geon-woo nodded willingly.

Steer Kim Rae-bin seemed a bit confused but continued speaking slowly and seriously considering each word as if he was putting his mind together.

“And… it’s late but congratulations. But what exactly does it mean when you say ‘You can change the thoughts you have when you think of the past?’

Lee Se-jin A thought about it but eventually answered like this.

-Lee Se-jin A\: I think it’s right to feel it for yourself. If someone else tells you it becomes someone else’s opinion and it becomes an obligation or compulsion.

“okay.”

Raebin Kim was lost in thought again and only one steer remained. I knew that too.

Steer Liu Chengwu.

‘…’

He also knew the appropriate answer.

‘That was such a hard time’ ‘I’m glad your innocence was proven’ ‘I’m sorry I didn’t find out the news in advance’…

But these words didn’t come out of my mouth easily.

It was because of a feeling of exhaustion.

My original tendency to say such things with sincerity came back to me in my mind which had been blown away by the shock.

However I didn’t want to blame Lee Se-jin A now. It was just… somehow I felt like my mind had been swept away by an overwhelming truth.

“…I see.”

All I could say was a few fragmentary words. He looked up trying not to return to his dry tired expression.

It was then.

“Liu Qingwu.”

-Lee Se-jin A\: It looks like you… will continue with the group here.

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo delivered the message without taking his eyes off the air.

“If you want to do well here I will support you… You’ve had a hard time. “Thank you for trusting me and I’m sorry.”

Ryu Geon-woo delivered those words without censorship.

Although it would certainly be an uncomfortable statement from the standpoint of Testa Park Moon-Dae-in himself.

“…”

“Even though it took a long time…”

-Lee Se-jin A\: I won without compromising.

-Lee Se-jin A\: There will be virtue in you too.

Liu Chengwu did not answer.

But he did not deny it change his words or even moderately affirm it.

He just raised his head in silence and then lowered it slightly.

As if nodding.

-Lee Se-jin A\: Thank you for listening.

That’s how the conversation with Lee Se-jin A ended.

Cha Yu-jin seemed to want to say a few more words with him but the situation had no choice but to come to an end when Geo-dal came in.

“brother! “If you keep doing this you’ll collapse…!”

“No I…”

And the meeting ended with a brief indirect briefing that Ryu Geon-woo was overdoing his work.

Thanks to this the former Steer members dispersed and went back to their beds each with different thoughts.

“…”

In fact during the Steer era Lee Se-jin A was implicitly banned from mentioning within the group.

It was something that happened naturally. There was no backlash.

This is because most of the members had only had public conversations for about half a year. At that time steer Lee Se-jin A was very defensive and reacted sensitively to his peers.

Still no one thought that what had just happened was a meaningless event.

For example Raebin Kim here.

“Sleep well.”

“yes…”

He quietly laid down on the bed at the recommendation of another member but did not fall asleep right away.

Steer Kim Rae-bin continued to worry.

As befits a sincere personality built on the foundation of his natural disposition and childhood he honestly continued to think as Lee Se-jin A recommended.

‘When I think of the past I have a different mindset… ’

He recalled his steer activities and changed the underlying facts. Just like modifying the beat during arrangement.

-Steer has a member who was arrested on drug charges.

-Steer’s drug charges were unjustified.

It was just an unfair accusation.

‘Then… my shortcomings as well.’

Could it be that there were reasons other than talent and effort?

Kim Rae-bin a former idol who gave up the stage thought inadvertently.

But soon my consciousness was lost in the pouring sleep.

It was a quiet sleep.

* * *

And at the same time.

Bae Se-jin who had fallen asleep in his comfortable cell suddenly realized that he had regained consciousness.

But I didn’t wake up.

-hi.

‘…?’

In front of him a black-haired man with a calm expression suddenly stood.

It was a familiar face.

-I came because I said there was still time to talk to you.

Because it was Bae Se-jin himself.

Of course Bae Se-jin who was sleeping had no way of knowing that ‘Lee Se-jin A’ who was returning after reaching an agreement with Ryu Geon-woo had come all the way through the system and reacted like this.

“…??”

What kind of dream is this?

-What do you think about life now?

“what? “Who are you?”

-… You seem to be living well but your personality is the same. I’m right.

It was an alumni book answer. However Bae Se-jin also frowned and answered the same question so it would not be unfair.

This is because an epiphany came to me like a lightning bolt.

“Are you by any chance the old me? Was it the steer? That group.”

-…

Bae Se-jin saw the other person’s reaction and realized that he had guessed the answer correctly.

‘oh my god.’

He swallowed into his non-existent body.

However to be seen as a person who caused great inconvenience to the team… the person in front of us looked very solid and mature.

‘what?’

Anyway he had something to urgently ask right now.

“By any chance… am I going to become you like the other kids now? “I lost my memory.”

Fortunately Sejin Lee shook her head.

-That won’t happen. But you can have this memory.

“…okay.”

Bae Se-jin’s expression hardened for a moment but he soon thought about it and nodded.

“okay. “That’s okay.”

In fact I didn’t even know I needed it.

From Cha Yu-jin to Ryu Cheong-woo and Kim Rae-bin.

I wanted to find out why the members who remembered their past debut as a group called ‘Steer’ had strange attitudes towards themselves.

He clenched his fists and spoke calmly.

“I’m ready to be remembered.”

Lee Se-jin A immediately refused.

-It won’t happen.

“…what?”

Bae Se-jin was momentarily speechless.

-I’m sorry but I just came because I wanted to check my condition for myself.

‘Former steer Lee Se-jin A’ was the conscious self of the sleeping Bae Se-jin anyway and the only thing that changed was the memory.

In other words once he looked at himself objectively he planned to return his memories without any regrets.

-There is no need to remember and know everything about the past. Growth can happen in other directions too.

Pain is not the only thing that makes people grow.

And now I Testa Bae Se-jin seem to be growing well.

Lee Se-jin A nodded as if acknowledging.

However Bae Se-jin had a straight face.

“Why are you judging that on your own?”

-…!

“I know my condition better.”

Remember me.

…Dongmyeong who had become conscious like that began intense self-questioning in the middle of the night.
