---
title: "Chapter 513"
category: "book"
index: 512
section: "Chapter 513"
slug: "513"
---

# Chapter 513

After gathering all the Steer guys in the early morning and having a chat.

“after.”

I got out of bed a few hours later while the light from the window was still dim.

It was earlier than the original wake-up time.

Okay to be honest I wasn’t sleeping I was just keeping my eyes closed. I couldn’t sleep.

My head felt a little dizzy. I don’t know if this is the aftereffects of being stuck in the system or staying up all night in a 30-year-old’s body.

Since Geoldal seems to exercise regularly I think the former is much more likely.

‘Now it’s not even my body so I have to use it properly.’

Fortunately today is my day off.

After checking Ryu Geon-woo’s condition I checked Keodeal who was sleeping on the floor.

For your information there was quite a bit of conversation going on before the beds were allocated like this.

First I listened to people worrying about my mental health for a few minutes and then I heard Geoldal shout like this.

-After all you sleep in my bed! Because it was my brother’s bed in the first place…

-okay.

-…? Really?

-uh.

Because when it’s over anyway and I switch bodies you’ll be sleeping in the bed. I nodded inwardly as I looked at the guy fully stretched out on the bottom of the blanket.

‘…Maybe now is that time.’

I closed my eyes for a moment and then immediately brought up the status window. To make sure ‘this thing is really over’.

And I called.

‘…Lee Se-jin?’

Steer Bae Se-jin.

Lee Se-jin A who was having a conversation through a pop-up.

“…”

But there was no response.

There was only one pop-up left in the air.

[Lee Se-jin A\: Thank you.]

“…”

The guy was no longer here.

That means… either way the job is finished.

The guy who said he wanted to check Bae Se-jin’s consciousness and said he wanted to check for himself… is no longer left.

‘okay.’

I thought for a moment and then laid my head back on the bed.

There was no point in staying still. After all the work had been done it was time to head back.

‘Let’s get this sorted out quickly instead of waking him up when he’s sleeping needlessly.’

In addition to the pop-up with Lee Se-jin A a translucent status window was visible in the air.

[Viewing fragment records]

-Mission Failed\: Return to original state

The elapsed time was written at the bottom.

(04\:11\:21 / 48\:00\:00)

4 hours.

It feels like a day or two has passed.

[Do you want to quit viewing the fragment record?]

In any case as expected viewing could be stopped at any time within time.

‘…okay.’

I nodded.

and.

[end]

My vision briefly flickered and I felt dizzy but soon became fine.

And then I realized that I was lying on the floor and my eyes were closed.

It was Park Moon-dae’s body again.

There was no new pain.

‘Ugh’

However the headache that feels like needles piercing my temples never ends. The aftereffects of messing with the system.

‘Is this damn pressure still going to stay?’

However when I returned to Ryu Geon-woo and saw the big moon still sleeping well it seemed like there was nothing left in his body.

‘Then this is better.’

It’s better to attribute it to the spirit of the guy who committed it. If you suddenly change your body in the middle of the night and get a headache as a bonus wouldn’t it be quite a bit weird?

If it were me I wouldn’t leave it alone. In that sense the current situation of taking care of the situation that one has committed is not bad.

‘It will last a few days at most.’

In the case of big moons it seems like I recover when I sleep but I can’t sleep right now and I’m just feeling a bit dizzy.

I woke up pressing my temples. I was planning on waiting in the kitchen and drinking some water before the others woke up.

And the moment you open the door and go out.

I saw it.

“…”

The kitchen is still dark and quiet in the early morning close to dawn.

There were already guests at the island table there.

The dark silhouette was… Bae Se-jin.

“…brother?”

“…”

No answer came back. The guy just stood there silently with a glass of water in his hand.

I didn’t rush and waited for him to respond.

And after a while.

“…”

The guy nodded and drank the water he was holding in his hand. And he asked me.

“Do you want to drink water?”

“…Yes but.”

In response Bae Se-jin quietly went to the water purifier and got another glass of water. It’s no different from the usual early morning…

‘No.’

…is Bae Se-jin correct?

As I watched the behavior of this guy who seemed particularly calm I suddenly thought of this possibility.

‘…Lee Se-jin A?’

In the meantime he finished using the water purifier. And started walking while holding a glass of water.

Eventually as it passed near the window pale sunlight illuminated the dark shadows.

The guy… had an uneasy expression.

“That… is that you?”

“yes?”

“That’s what he sent. that…!”

Bae Se-jin is right.

He was so bastard-like that it made me lose my temper. And I checked one more thing.

I nodded.

“You met.”

This means that ‘Lee Se-jin A’ successfully communicated with this guy.

“that’s right.”

Bae Se-jin was silent for a moment as if he didn’t know what to say and then slowly opened his mouth again.

“And… I received the memories.”

“…”

Was it like that?

I nod my head

At that time the guy added calmly.

“I didn’t receive everything.”

hmm?

* * *

A few minutes ago.

Two people with the same face were confronting each other. Among them the one with slicked-back hair and narrower eyes spoke firmly.

-You cannot claim ownership of time you did not experience. Stop it.

“What on earth are you talking about earlier? If that’s my past then that’s what I experienced! If I forget does it never happen?”

-…!

‘Did you leave it to me?’ Stories that could be summarized as ‘It’s my heart’ went back and forth endlessly.

A tense argument without a single concession was taking place in Bae Se-jin’s unconscious mind while he was sleeping. It was an internal conflict in the true sense of the word.

-I am your consciousness embodied by receiving memories of the past. So it is no different from having tried to regain one’s memories and deciding not to do so.

“What are you talking about? You don’t know how I’ve been.”

The person who expressed his emotions more openly frowned. This is Testa Bae Se-jin.

“But how can you be sure that you made the same judgment as me? That’s stubbornness!”

-It’s sophistry.

“You are sophistry!”

And both of them were mentally panting and had reached an implicit truce.

-…

“…”

The two looked at each other as if they were tired of each other but their faces remained steadfast.

I couldn’t help it. Even though our experiences were different we were the same person and had similar ways of thinking.

And the first to speak was Sejin A.

-I understand your point.

This is because years of legal battles and imprisonment gave him the wisdom to acknowledge the inevitable situation and quickly devise another route.

But the destination did not change.

-But the decision is mine.

“…!”

The point is to give up persuasion and take action right away.

“for a moment…! Then let’s do it like this.”

However Bae Se-jin’s side was slightly more irregular.

Because I have learned over the years that good results can come from just acting the way you want without worrying too much.

‘If it’s like this…!’

He boldly opened his mouth.

“Give me only part of it.”

-…

“Anyway when you wake up you can hear about the situation from other members. However if you listen directly you can understand it yourself without being distorted.”

Whether it’s because we’re worried because we’re uncomfortable talking about it or whether it’s arbitrary or not facts get distorted when they pass through other people’s mouths.

That was something Sejin A also knew well.

“It’s okay if I don’t give you the parts that are uncomfortable for you.”

-…

“But I need to get as much as I need to make a good decision.”

So as not to misunderstand.

Lee Se-jin A silently looked at a person with the same name as herself. Bae Se-jin felt nervous as if he had swallowed his saliva.

And after a while.

“…!”

Lee Se-jin A with a calm face stretched out his hand.

-okay.

It was a handshake hand.

Bae Se-jin carefully stretched out his hand and grabbed it.

and.

[——–]

Memories poured into my consciousness.

My vision was gone.

‘omg’

Bae Se-jin paused for a moment feeling intimidated for the first time.

Still the feeling of overwhelm lasted only for a moment. Soon my consciousness became clearer as if I was submerged in water.

The first thing I felt was… a message.

-who is this?

It was a message he had sent to someone.

An unfamiliar figure in a black space.

Ryu Geon-woo. therefore…

‘…Park Moon-dae??’

[I am a member of the same group as you now.]

Bae Se-jin realized.

What he received was not Lee Se-jin A’s life.

Just before this as Lee Se-jin A’s memory I received the memory of the end of the short time I had a conversation with Park Moon-dae in the system!

‘…! Just this??’

Bae Se-jin was also embarrassed at first. Immediately afterward I almost became enraged because I thought I had been scammed but I soon figured out the situation.

‘ah.’

This is because the background knowledge of Lee Se-jin A’s experience that led him to this point naturally came to mind.

You acquire emotions and knowledge naturally as if you had experienced it yourself.

‘oh my god.’

It didn’t seem like it was a lie to say that this steer’s Bae Se-jin was realized based on his consciousness.

And because the content was quite shocking he understood why his past self had tried not to return the memories.

It was pure favor.

‘…I’m being accused of transporting drugs.’

The knowledge alone was shocking.

However the memories received now are only background knowledge to be recalled.

The horrific arrest difficult trial and time of suffering have already been overcome and the story can be understood through a filter.

So Bae Se-jin slowly digested them.

I was able to accept it calmly as if I was vaguely remembering something that had passed.

But there were some things that couldn’t be done.

-It’s been a while.

A situation in which Ryu Geon-woo spoke directly with Steer members.

The real-time emotions that ‘Lee Se-jin A’ felt as he revealed the truth to them were vivid as if he was experiencing it himself right now.

-I won the case.

Light sadness calmness refreshingness clean lingering feeling.

And… confidence.

‘I see.’

Bae Se-jin understood then.

Sejin Lee\: So the firmness that he showed in the past… was the confidence unique to someone who fought alone and achieved what he wanted in the end.

It was strength.

And it was shocking at the same time.

‘I… could have done this?’

Lee Se-jin A is her past self.

So he was a person who could overcome such an extreme situation without breaking down.

‘…’

In fact Bae Se-jin thought it was a miracle that he had grown so far as a tester.

I thought it was barely possible because I happened to be on a team with good people received encouragement and was able to strengthen my resolve.

Because I knew how sensitive I was I implicitly thought that I would not have been able to handle it if the environment had been a little worse.

But that may not have been true.

‘I… could survive even the worst.’

And I was able to win.

It was a mind-boggling realization.

So when the memory was finished replaying I spoke out of excitement without realizing it.

To Lee Sejin A.

“excuse me…”

-…

But no answer was heard.

It’s already gone. Or absorbed into himself.

‘…ah.’

He became somewhat lonely. Even though I know it’s me.

So even though I knew it was unconscious I tried saying it out loud.

“great job.”

It was strangely comforting.

Bae Se-jin had an intuition as he felt his unclear vision becoming brighter.

‘You’re waking up.’

So he woke up from his dream.

I didn’t intend to tell you all of this in detail but I thought I should at least explain how things happened.

* * *

“…That’s how it happened.”

“…”

After finishing speaking Bae Se-jin took another sip of water and I nodded inwardly.

It seemed like he had a better experience than I thought. and…

‘In the end the two identical guys argued a lot and agreed to only pass on memories that were enough to understand the situation.’

They were really consistent guys. I drank water and laughed.

“You’re amazing.”

“Are you being sarcastic?… No probably not.”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin obediently accepted my answer and slumped down in a chair.

And he said it quite forcefully.

“Anyway… that’s what I’m saying.”

“yes?”

“What are they going to do? Especially Liu Chengwu.”

“…”

“I felt this while searching for memories but earlier… I felt like I was so tired.”

The guy added seriously.

It was a fairly proactive attitude.

“I think he was handling too much during that steer. But there was no one else to rely on and no compensation.”

okay.

“The problem is knowing why you want to stay here… Yes I understand why you were so concerned.”

Bae Se-jin frowned as if thinking but immediately raised her head.

It was a rather reassuring expression.

“So I thought about it too.”

oh.

“yes.”

“Listen. therefore…”

Bae Se-jin began to seriously express his opinion and I was quite surprised.

‘It’s okay.’

The guy’s opinion was pretty good.

Additionally as a side effect I found my mind quite cooled as I listened to the story.

‘Is it burden sharing?’

As an outsider it was honestly quite nice to be able to come up with a solution with someone who knew everything about the situation.

Two heads were better than one.

‘Not bad.’

Just like that I forgot about my headache and had a short conversation with Bae Se-jin.

The other members wake up and even the big moon wakes up until the morning becomes chaos.

“Huh? Geon-woo… Oh you’re Mr. Geun-dal!”

“Yes yes! you’re right. That’s all for me…”

“Hey eat and go! How did you come here this early?”

“Huh I mean uh…”

…For reference throughout the meal Keun Dal goes back and forth like a ping-pong ball in Keun Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun’s ping pong getting rid of the events so far.

And what I mean by that is… the people who heard the story and realized the exact outline of the incident started to look at me with wide eyes.

This means that the system has been rushed into action.

“…”

“…”

“So… you changed your body and came back?”

It’s okay. I was determined.

“Moo Mundae…”

“…”

“Park Moon-dae Are you really going to do this?”

“no.”

It won’t happen anymore.

‘Now I know how to work with the system.’

The calculation is complete.

“Ah… hey that won’t work! Or at least write a memorandum…”

“I will.”

“…?!”

I willingly signed a promise not to repeat ‘use of the system without consultation’ again. The members responded with expressions as if they were about to applaud.

“Let’s put a stop to it.”

“Ugh that’s right…!”

“…”

That much?

Of course the two guys who were not original members were an exception.

Steer guys.

‘hmm.’

Kim Rae-bin listened intently to Cha Yu-jin’s explanation of what the situation was but Ryu Cheong-woo showed a weak reaction as if he could not decide how to react.

His expression was still gentle but that was all.

Originally I would have rushed in proactively grasped the situation and then tried to blend in naturally.

‘hmm.’

It seemed like this guy had some complicated thoughts after the early morning conversation.

I made eye contact with Bae Se-jin and nodded once. And then he opened his mouth.

“Now that I think about it there’s a new shoot tonight.”

“Ugh…! That &lt;real match&gt;.”

Filming for this contest program.

I was thinking of taking a chance there.

However when I actually got to the filming set one more variable arose.

A survival contest was adopted and a new contestant entered the &lt;Real Competition&gt; where the last-place contestant from the previous stage was eliminated.

“Oh my they are rookies.”

“Let’s do our best~”

They were the first ones to come to the filming set and were greeting people here and there with nervous faces.

But that participant.

“i look forward to! This is Eter a rookie from Wonder Hall!”

It was ether.

A group of rookies who benchmarked us.
