---
title: "Chapter 514"
category: "book"
index: 513
section: "Chapter 514"
slug: "514"
---

# Chapter 514

The Eter guys were invited to the renewed version of &lt;True Battle&gt; which we had won first.

As soon as I arrived at the filming set the first thing I thought of when I saw the guys walking around the waiting room in the hallway and saying hello to the other cast members was this.

‘Why didn’t I hear it?’

Why didn’t we know that those guys were appearing?

I asked myself a question for a moment and then clicked my tongue.

It’s obvious.

The production team intentionally did not leak it.

‘You probably thought we were going to be crazy.’

I could tell just by talking to a few people at our current company that Testa would not like Ether.

Coincidentally none of the current cast members belonged to a company like LeTi which rigorously checks additional cast members and keeps them in check in advance.

So they wasted time by saying ‘The casting has not been decided yet.’

I wiggled my eyebrows.

‘I saw it as water.’

Actually I did not expect this situation. No there was no need to predict.

This is because there was a calculation that Eter’s agency Wonderhole would not dare to push it here.

Haven’t you already experienced it with the Water Bomb gun?

‘If an inexperienced rookie were to be compared in a head-to-head match it would be very easy for them to break down.’

So I was planning to leave the bait that was planted in this company on purpose and gently shake the bait to get them to bite…

Are you walking into the wrong place?

‘Is this the last struggle?’

The fact that it seems unlikely that a company like Wonderhole would use such shallow tactics makes my head tense even more.

“Come on let’s go in first~”

“Yep.”

First Testa entered the designated waiting room without saying anything. However just by looking at the facial expressions of our staff they looked like they had a lot to say.

‘Steer Liu Chengwu must have seen this too.’

Up until now he would have been the type of person who would have been quick to notice the situation and quickly understand the situation but for some reason he just follows without saying a word.

‘hmm.’

I went into the waiting room and talked to the guy.

“It’s a group called Eter and they debuted by benchmarking Testa.”

“I see.”

An inertial answer came back.

Anyone who had researched Testa would have definitely known this but he was overly calm and peaceful.

As if reacting to a topic that doesn’t interest you.

‘…’

I checked his reaction and then looked away.

Angry company employees were talking as if they were spitting fire.

“No this is really ignoring us…”

“I can’t help but say something?”

You’re really pissed.

Of course there are times when he deliberately pretends to be even more angry in case Testa pecks at him saying ‘Didn’t you know this?’

Anyway some high-ranking employees even ran out of the waiting room to argue with the production team.

Even though it was just a face-saving action since the broadcasting station was superior it was better to control the level of protest than to not do anything at all.

Some members who noticed this smiled wryly or shrugged their shoulders.

“How can this happen? It’s like cheating!”

“Um… Yes that’s right brother.”

…Of course there are some people who are just mad like that.

There are also guys who come up to me and ask questions with a nervous look on their faces.

Although he said ‘I will not go on stage’ my steer Kim Rae-bin accompanied me for the filming.

“What should I do…”

“It’s not a big problem. All you need to do is rest. Sit down.”

“yes…”

The guy sat next to the sofa with a mysterious look on his face.

I nodded.

“And we will soon see each other’s faces.”

“…?”

I waited.

And soon after a guest came to our waiting room.

“Hello senior!”

Ether.

The guys who were walking around the waiting room saying hello came to us as expected.

And then I realized what Wonder Hole was aiming for.

“i look forward to!”

Guys saying hello.

The Ethers I met in real life… were introverted guys who looked somber and had no hint of yellowness.

This means that there is not a single character with a strong personality let alone a guy with a clumsy side or a weak guy.

I swallowed my sleep.

‘Holy shit.’

The Wonderhole bastards were aiming for this.

These ether guys were socially flawless and docile.

‘I wanted to show this to the public.’

If you are planning to explode the build-up you have been building while taking the mystic route here.

This… is an intention to alleviate the conflict with Testa.

If the image of the ‘successor’ cannot be destroyed the company has changed its course to take advantage of it as much as possible.

By strengthening relationships.

‘It’s obvious.’

Although it is a competition program Eter is learning a lot from Testa due to his warm relationship with seniors and juniors in the entertainment industry!

If you add a bit of humanity to it the public will tend to be lenient towards a young rookie who appears to be naive and uncalculated.

And the ridicule or controversy that has surrounded these guys for ‘imitating Testa’ will naturally fade away as it does not fit this image.

The moment you become friendly with the other person you begin to feel rejection as well.

That’s how it goes.

-Eter kids it reminds me of when I just entered the company haha.

-Ugh I’m having a hard time.

-I hope you do well on stage.

And by humbly showing his surprise at the news of Testa’s successor he is safely establishing his super rookie image.

The stage just needs to not be ruined.

‘Solidifying the image of a promising player.’

Minimization of risk.

I resisted the urge to press my hand between my eyebrows.

‘Well thought out.’

The bigger problem is that it cannot be said to be unconditionally false.

I looked around at the Ethers who were all huddled together.

‘These guys are really just kids.’

These are teenagers who debuted by practicing hard and using their energy without knowing anything about their agency’s plans and negligence.

Model students who don’t really know how things work and even if they do they only know a superficial thing.

There is a high probability that even the use of smartphones will be banned.

‘We deliberately weeded out only these guys and made them debut.’

Wonderhole’s calculations were visible.

In the future we will be able to use the situation a few more times in the future where the agency takes all the insults and they step aside.

This is because fans know that they are really obedient and innocent kids.

“…And I am Nua the leader. I’m watching the stage really hard. I respect you senior!”

The faces of the guys who introduced themselves and continued their greetings were filled with nervousness military shyness etc.

The silver-haired man who appeared to be the leader shouted vigorously with both hands clenched.

“We will work really hard!”

Isn’t it actually a fight to say something like that to a competitor on a contest program?

However it was obvious that the people speaking had no such intention at all so the members just gave a moderately positive response.

“Yep~ Thank you very much.”

“I hope you do your best during today’s filming…!”

“…! thank you!”

It was just his friendly demeanor when talking to a junior who normally doesn’t show much emotion.

Wonder Hall was probably aiming for this too.

‘You know that our agency is actually driven by our influence.’

So the idea is to appease Testa’s antipathy towards Eter and prevent him from being harsh towards these guys.

Even if you try to use your hand you hesitate even once.

And even more so when the cameras are rolling.

‘If you react incorrectly during filming Testa will look narrow-minded.’

I nodded inwardly smiled casually and shook hands with the Ether leader.

“I’m looking forward to seeing something great.”

“Thank you yep!”

And after asking us carefully they delivered us an album with a long letter attached they left the waiting room with flushed faces.

I closed the album with a long letter starting with ‘I’ve been a fan since Park Moon-dae sang ’.

Most of the other members seemed to have a strange feeling about it as well so they took a look at the album.

‘This album was the benchmark for Haengcha.’

Being able to offer that with sincere respect.

This may be due to the sense of disparity that comes from the difference between that company and the group.

‘Well it’s not enough to be agitated.’

I shrugged and put the album away.

Well it’s not even a day or two that something amazing happens in this industry.

Additionally we have experienced some incredibly supernatural events.

This is also proof that the guy sitting next to me lived.

“…”

I slowly turned my head.

Steer Ryu Cheong-wu had already put his album on the table in front of the sofa and was lost in thought with his hands crossed.

Anyway since ‘Ryu Cheong-woo’ was the leader of Testa he had moved to his seat and was sitting here while greeting the juniors who came to the waiting room.

However he showed little leader-like proactiveness.

“Sister~ We’ll start filming in 30 minutes right?”

“sure. Oh and this story even reached our CEO. We will file a proper complaint so don’t worry!”

“Oh my… Really?”

“Why are you protesting? We are strong. So there is no need to protest… What? Sejin hyung?”

“Be quiet Cha Yujin.”

Ryu Cheong-wu who kept his mouth shut regardless of the noise around him preparing for filming felt as if he was living in a different world.

“…”

Well it’s the same thing that I don’t open my mouth.

‘I guess I’ll have to get ready soon.’

I shrugged and tried to get up.

It was then.

“I have something to say.”

Steer Liu Chengyu opened his mouth quietly.

‘hmm.’

I stopped moving and looked back at the guy as I sat down.

“Tell me.”

“thank you.”

Liu Chengyu answered briefly and then spoke slowly.

A completely unexpected topic.

“My… ‘memory’.”

“…”

“Wouldn’t it be okay to return it?”

“…!”

30 minutes before filming.

Suddenly Steer Liu Chengyu withdrew his stance of refusing to receive his memories back.

“I thought about it… I think I caused a lot of trouble. I acted a little too much.”

As he said that Steer Liu Chengyu smiled faintly. It was as if I had regained mental stability and become peaceful.

But I knew.

He couldn’t have done that.

‘There is no reason.’

There was no reason for that.

This guy is not doing this because he has achieved enlightenment or has accepted the situation at ease.

‘No rather… ’

I remembered his face last morning.

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo’s face after receiving all the words from ‘Lee Se-jin A’.

-If you want to do well here I will support you… You’ve had a hard time. Thank you for trusting me and I’m sorry.

Immediately after those words were finished the guy clearly had a tired expression on his face.

Burnout.

‘That’s… exhaustion.’

The look of hiding his feeling of extreme helplessness with inertia appeared and disappeared on his face.

And again a gentle voice continues to sound favorable to Testa’s situation.

“It’s okay to proceed right after this filming is over. Well you were going to do a unit stage this time right? First I’ll leave.”

Unit stage.

I recalled our conversation this morning.

It was a condition created to break away from the mannerisms of contest programs.

-If there are a lot of people the performances may overlap so we split the performance once or twice. Make a personal schedule as well.

“…Maybe you’ll want to do it after you regain your memories.”

“That could be possible.”

Steer Liu Chengwu readily agreed. And he answered casually.

“That’s what ‘Ryu Cheong-woo’ should handle.”

It was a calmness that was even chilling.

“…”

I narrowed my eyes for a moment closed my mouth and thought.

and.

“Oh yes.”

I agreed immediately.

Then he looked around and opened his mouth.

“First of all you are saying that you will not be performing on stage this time. I’ve already tried to listen to other guys’ opinions so let’s speculate now.”

I immediately called the members who were talking around me and had them sit around the table. The staff seemed a little embarrassed but it was okay.

I have no intention of wasting time.

” Speaking of units should we accept applicants now and tie them together quickly? I wanted to do research before filming.”

“Oh good.”

Since it was a topic we had already discussed there was no confusion with the other guys.

“Then let’s raise our hands. hand.”

The response came back immediately.

The ones who immediately raised their hands without delay were Cha Yu-jin and Keun Se-jin.

These are guys who never miss a chance to be on stage.

“…”

The next person to naturally raise her hand was Sun Ah-hyun. A cautious and sincere guy.

And finally Bae Se-jin with a stiff face.

In other words except for the two guys who only had memories of steer everyone seemed to have raised their hands.

A faint bitter smile seemed to pass by Liu Qingyu’s lips.

I nodded and declared.

“Total 4 people. It will be okay to keep it like this. The number of people is reasonable.”

Then steer Kim Rae-bin next to him cautiously raised his hand. The guy opened his mouth only after being allowed to speak.

“Isn’t that… five?”

“That’s 4 people.”

“…Oh you meant excluding yourself. sorry.”

“hmm?”

I nodded.

“I don’t do that.”

“…??”

“You didn’t raise your hand.”

“…!”

I declared.

“Cha Yu-jin Lee Se-jin Sun Ah-hyun and Bae Se-jin. 4 people do this.”

Let’s not get along.
