---
title: "Chapter 515"
category: "book"
index: 514
section: "Chapter 515"
slug: "515"
---

# Chapter 515

Liu Chengwu was locked in his own unconsciousness.

Sudden changes in environment and conditions. Days when I tried my best to adapt to it.

And at the last opportunity a tenacity that burns like a flame.

– Mr. Cheongwoo?

But that too was the end.

“Mr. Cheongwoo!”

‘ah.’

Liu Chengwu raised his head.

It is an unfamiliar manager who calls himself.

Not long after memorizing his name he said that he was the newly hired manager of the group Testa.

‘And the first manager said he caused a car accident… ’

Now this is not very meaningful information. Liu Chengwu somehow felt depressed just thinking about it.

However he responds calmly without showing any signs of it.

“yes.”

“I’d like to buy some drinks. Which one would you like?”

He also knew that this manager regularly bought Testa drinks in the morning when her schedule began and again between 2 and 3 o’clock after lunch.

However this was a special situation that did not apply to both cases.

This is because filming was taking place in the practice room.

“Ah thank you. Then latte…”

The sound of the production crew answering softly when asked about drinks by other employees of the company could be heard here and there.

After dryly checking on the staff of &lt;True Competition&gt; who filled the outside of the practice room he opened his mouth.

“Please order something that is easy for you.”

That was enough.

That’s how steer Liu Chengwu’s final period began.

* * *

Originally on the day Steer Ryu Cheong-woo said ‘I will regain my memories’ he planned to disappear as soon as the schedule was over… or rather ‘recover my memories.’

But it didn’t go as planned.

-That’s difficult.

Moon-Dae Park. The unfamiliar member who was previously said to be his relative expressed his disapproval.

The reason given was ‘variable risk’.

-When you regain your memories you will likely be confused for a moment but wouldn’t it be a bit dangerous while appearing on a contest program? There are a lot of things that require cameras.

It was a logical statement.

So Liu Chengyu is currently sitting here without any meaning.

Actually I could have responded by asking if it was my business but I didn’t.

‘Because it’s not like I’m on stage.’

If they were just filling empty seats for a few days it was just waiting time. Although I’m tired.

Liu Chengwu drank the allocated drink. It was a hot Americano.

“That’s called decaffeination.”

“…”

“Sejin hyung.”

The person who approached me with a blank expression and spoke to me was someone who like me was out of the camera’s spotlight.

It was also a person that popped into my head.

‘Park Mun-dae.’

This member like himself and Kim Rae-bin was excluded from this contest.

I don’t know the exact reason why it was missing but I wondered if there was anything I could do.

If it had been before I might have paid attention to this part and tried to check in a way that didn’t seem excessive to see if I was missing something or what my plan was. But now there was no driving force for that.

Liu Chengyu just nodded slightly and drank his Americano.

Without saying anything Park Moon-dae also held his drink and looked at the practice scene of the ‘Testa Unit’ members being filmed by the camera.

“…”

There was silence.

“Thank you~ Ah coffee!”

“Is this my cake? Wow.”

And then the practice room started to get noisy. The ‘Testa Unit’ who stopped the choreography as if they had finished filming the practice scene was smiling and accepting drinks and snacks.

At that moment Park Moon-dae who was sitting next to him also got up from his seat as if the time had come.

“Then let us move too. Because preparations are over.”

“…preparation?”

“Ready to shoot.”

“I said I wouldn’t perform on this contest stage.”

What do you mean by filming?

However Park Moon-dae looked at himself as if it was strange.

It’s an almost absurd look.

“Just because we don’t perform on stage doesn’t mean we won’t appear on programs.”

“…”

“You have to participate in creating the stage. In order to complete the stage there are more than one or two things that need to be changed other than performing.”

It was at this time that Liu Chengwu began to feel that something was strange.

And when he came to his senses he was already conducting an interview with Park Moon-dae and Kim Rae-bin.

“Ta-da. There are three contract producers for the first round of this contest.”

‘…?’

“I will try my best.”

Clap clap clap.

Park Moon-dae was seen clapping as the center and Kim Rae-bin on the other side was seen applauding.

“…”

Should we play together?

But even before the question was over Park Moon-dae’s words took a toll.

Arranged by Kim Rae-bin Park Moon-dae’s theme selection.

“As we are a group that self-produces albums we wanted to show those aspects and I think it worked out well. As you all know we are the three elite members of this group when it comes to producing.”

“Really?”

“sure. It’s the complete truth.”

Even the cameraman held back laughter at Park Moon-dae’s cool and shameless answer to the PD’s humorous question.

“and.”

His gaze returned to himself.

“Here Chungwoo will be in charge of overall drawing and review. Feedback.”

Wow.

The production crew led by Park Moon-dae responded positively.

“…thank you.”

In the end Liu Chengwu was given the role.

-General producer.

I immediately realized that despite what it said it was a title that only saw the stage and did nothing.

This is because there were no other requests from Liu Chengwu for the next few days.

The word ‘producer’ is only a nominal term. Thinking like that Liu Chengyu spent his time not getting involved in anything.

As I did nothing time passed quickly.

I wondered if I had ever been like this in my life. Because it was a busy life filled with repeated successes through extreme training and slips and falls.

‘Is it at least similar to when I quit archery?’

But at that time I didn’t feel so exhausted and floating. Because it was painful.

Pain makes time slow.

But now there was no pain to worry about right away so the next shooting day came in an instant.

Surprisingly it is said that the performance came out in three days.

“They said they needed to see our reactions while watching the performance so I think we’ll film it together.”

Then they moved to the company space in the form of a large lecture hall.

“Is everything going well?”

“Then~”

The grinning members of Testa stood on a makeshift stage made by removing the central podium and Park Moon-dae sat in the front row of the podium while chatting.

“Hey Ravin…! The song was really good!”

“…! Are you serious?! thank you!”

Kim Rae-bin even talked to other unfamiliar members other than Cha Yu-jin so it seemed like he often communicated with ‘Testa’ while working on the arrangement.

‘Was that really a natural adaptation?’

Liu Chengyu sat down and laughed at himself. It wasn’t particularly unfair.

The stage started right away after some maintenance.

“Ah but when we stand like this… well it seems a little unbalanced~”

The four who were grouped together as a unit were a combination of three with dance positions and one with vocal positions.

Even the three people in the dance positions were tall creating a strange sense of disparity.

“…me?”

Nod.

And the location was eventually readjusted in response to the gloomy question of Bae Se-jin the ‘other one’.

“Center~!”

“Oh! Center!”

“…!”

In response to the member’s response Bae Se-jin creaked and moved to the center.

And when Bae Se-jin stood in the center… the balance was indeed right.

“Hahaha!”

“Are you smiling?”

“…”

The writers desperately covered their mouths. Sun Ah-hyun’s face also turned red as if she was holding back laughter.

That’s right. Bae Se-jin reacted as if he was angry but it was not a serious mood.

The honesty that comes from the flawless relationships that a good team would have.

‘…’

I could belong to this atmosphere.

He felt a faint flash of impulse again but it soon disappeared.

“so! Please consider that our movement route is temporary and has just been adjusted~”

And the starting stage.

A retro theme with a somewhat musical composition unfolds along with a bright and cheerful band accompaniment.

It was immediately noticeable that the part distribution was refined taking into account differences in individual capabilities.

Could it be that something like an occupational disease has developed? Liu Chengyu laughed bitterly.

But that was it.

[Between us it’s like

[As if there is a special space]

The music rings.

The performance continues.

Fierce and tiring concerns about what level of performance should be secured in that gap.

Watching the stage without those things was… comfortable.

[What will this interval be?

You don’t know yet

That’s true]

For the first time in a very long time Liu Chengwu watched his competitor’s performance without thinking.

[Yes!]

The one-minute demo version performance was over in an instant.

“That’s it~ Thank you!”

When I was briefly caught up in that lingering feeling.

As if he had been waiting Park Moon-dae’s indifferent words struck me.

“Brother’s feedback.”

“…”

Liu Qingyu felt a bit of rejection and embarrassment.

I never thought I would really ask for feedback.

‘Didn’t they just give you a title?’

However Park Moon-dae’s face was somewhat somber. It’s as if you’re just asking because you need something to say on air.

‘I see.’

Liu Chengwu realizing that there was no need to give such intense and accurate feedback nodded slightly. Park Mun-dae asked immediately.

“First please start with the good parts.”

Liu Chengyu answered without thinking for a long time.

“The movements were light.”

“That’s right. I thought it would be better to use a live band to suit that but…”

The thought that he had felt a similar sentiment briefly crossed Liu Qingyu’s mind. With faint joy.

However Park Moon-dae did not necessarily ask for consent and continued the conversation in a flowing manner.

“Well anyway. What are your thoughts on the choreography?”

“It was okay.”

“yes. Although they were well chosen… what is the disappointing part?”

I didn’t even care about that.

Ryu Cheng-wu instantly found a connection in the answer he gave earlier.

“Was the movement more flashy than the music?”

“That’s right. Because it is not a completed song yet.”

Park Moon-dae nodded and looked at the performance members who were drinking water then took out his smartphone.

“This is the version Ravine is currently working on. Ah Ravin. Is it okay if I play it?”

“yes…!”

Kim Rae-bin who was applauding the members was surprised and said yes. And Park Moon-dae absentmindedly played on his smartphone and handed over the wireless earphones in his pocket.

Ryu Cheng-wu was caught up in the seemingly natural movement and soon began to listen to music.

‘…?’

However since it was not unusual enough to refuse he listened to the music naturally without being conscious of it.

“It got a little flashy.”

“That’s right.”

“I wish there were more string instruments in this part.”

“ah.”

“Would a brass crown be better?”

Strings and brass.

‘hmm.’

Liu Chengwu focused on music for a moment.

“…”

And Park Mun-dae observed it closely.

Affirming his judgment once more.

This is the judgment I made a few days ago when I heard steer Ryu Cheong-woo’s declaration that he would ‘recover his memories.’

-Not like this.

I didn’t think it would be a good thing for a person to have their memories come back after being burnt out like that.

This was even more so because he was a member with a strong mentality and deep inside to the point where it was difficult to know.

So why did former steer Ryu Cheong-woo burn out so much?

There was a clear answer prepared for that.

‘I’ve been working for too long with no reward.’

Of course continuing to do a job that doesn’t suit you and isn’t enjoyable is bound to get tiresome.

Especially if it ends without any results.

What was more problematic was that Liu Chengwu’s mental strength was so strong that he lasted for a very long time.

Bae Se-jin also agreed.

-Besides I… I mean it bothers me that I heard about the win from my past self.

Seeing the outcome of what led you to do that.

It’s not that it’s refreshing it’s that it’s empty.

‘It is highly likely that this was the opportunity for Liu Chengwu’s driving force to disappear.’

So after consulting with Bae Se-jin Park Moon-dae confirmed his plan for the future.

Also known as ‘pattern change’.

first.

-As an idol member it breaks away from the typical role pattern of a group leader.

And what happened next was important.

-But it makes you feel the sense of efficacy that comes from work.

‘And this guy has already started down that route.’

Park Moon-dae recalled that once again and looked at Ryu Cheong-woo.

At that moment the guy was opening his mouth.

and.

“A gold crown would be better.”

I started expressing my opinion.

‘yes.’

Park Moon-dae laughed inwardly but continued speaking without showing it.

“Is that so… Yes. Ravin said he will continue tomorrow morning so I’ll check it out.”

“Um okay.”

In this way Ryu Cheong-woo began to participate in the completion of the stage step by step like getting wet in a light rain.

That’s right.

Park Moon-dae was really planning to make Ryu Cheong-woo the general producer.
