---
title: "Chapter 516"
category: "book"
index: 515
section: "Chapter 516"
slug: "516"
---

# Chapter 516

Collaboration between me and Bae Se-jin.

Ryu Cheong-woo plans to become a producer.

Ryu Cheong-woo who had passed the first step suddenly accompanied me on my way to see Kim Rae-bin’s work the next morning.

Since I admitted it with my own mouth there is nothing I can do about it.

“I have to go check it out.”

“ah.”

And I spent the morning with Raebin Kim who quickly adapted to the unfamiliar studio. All I asked of him was to chat and react to the song.

However in the process Ryu Cheong-woo gradually became more and more naturally focused on the song.

“Following your advice I implemented three versions using brass samples!”

“It definitely suits me well… I go with number 2 or 3. What about your brother?”

“Well… number 2?”

As I participated in the arrangement selection my thoughts were reflected in the song without my knowledge.

And next step.

“Then let’s play along with the choreography plan.”

“yes!”

I played the tentatively completed sound source number 2 in the choreography draft video I filmed this time.

In this way the topic naturally continued from the song to the stage.

“I think it suits you well.”

“okay.”

“I think it would be good to include a part where two people exchange while organizing the large-scale work. Then that part…”

If you look at Liu Chengwu like this you will inadvertently express your own thoughts.

“If it’s a part… I don’t think it would be awkward if it was a bridge.”

And as someone who has a lot of experience on various stages steer Ryu Cheong-woo’s opinion was very good even without me intentionally guiding it.

“I think it’s okay. What about Ravin?”

“Oh me too… Yes. It seems to go well with the arrangement!”

Steer Kim Rae-bin showed signs of not paying attention to Ryu Cheong-woo.

Although he refused to go on stage he seemed emotionally excited to see ‘My Own Studio’.

‘…It could be because he just escaped from the military.’

No for most people it would be like that but for Kim Rae-bin it might not be so.

Anyway the atmosphere was pretty good and the work progressed smoothly.

And this means that Ryu Cheong-woo was able to complete a number of production tasks that were woven like a spider’s web in a smooth and smooth manner as if he were going down a slide.

Large parts distribution costume point theme.

Even feedback on choreography details.

“…Since I’m going to be wearing gloves it would be better not to use friction-based gestures.”

“Oops. OK.”

He went to the practice room and said this.

And before I was even aware of it time passed quickly and I finally reached the end.

“Hyung from now on we are filming rehearsal. Let’s go.”

It means that the stage is complete.

And this time the moment the performance began at the official filming location for the competition.

“Starting now.”

Unlike last time Liu Chengwu began to focus on the stage.

* * *

A dress rehearsal with everything from costumes to lighting effects.

It would be a worthy performance as it contains all the elements of an actual stage.

And now.

Lee Se-jin dressed in a magician’s suit on a lit stage grins and gives a theatrical stage greeting.

[Ladies- and gentlemen!]

A gorgeous ensemble of brass instruments.

And while making a turn Bae Se-jin takes her place between Sun Ah-hyun and Cha Yu-jin who appear in the light and sings the introduction.

[Between us it’s like

[As if there is a special space]

Stage background with velvet curtains and spotlights.

Finger snaps and cheerful steps.

The stage was set in the style of a 20th century black and white movie but the song playing was the latest popular song.

.

It was the latest comeback song by Testa’s junior Mirinae.

Rather than remaking old songs in a modern way as is often done on competition stages it is a unique way of changing newer songs into a retro style.

[What will this interval be?

You don’t know yet

That’s true-]

Live sound suitable for stage effects and rhythmically arranged songs.

Cha Yu-jin raises her vocals as if she is pushing along with the song as the brass explodes and heightens the tone.

[Take one step one step

To you who does not approach]

And then as if everything is refreshingly resolved the sound loosens and the chorus follows.

In the midst of a choreography that seemed to involve the four people completing one big move together Bae Se-jin adjusted her hat smiled and nodded.

[Fill in the blanks

fill this gap

[Beyond the gap]

On the outskirts Sun Ah-hyun turned the performance formation into a diagonal line by riding around on a gorgeous wooden standing microphone with a classic cane-like appearance.

[Something special

Even if I stumble and fall into it

[It’s a sweet dream]

Even though the main and lead vocalists were missing the live performance was solid.

In addition members with strong dancing skills take charge of the verses and each perform solo performance parts with strong character.

And when a sub-vocalist whose strength was not dancing came to the center the other three members decorated the performance and supported it helping that member demonstrate his or her talents.

The part where tap dancing was mixed in to match the costumes and theme was also clever.

“and.”

Those who were watching the rehearsal together also burst into laughter with small exclamations or were so focused on the stage that they had no time to do so.

And at the front of the audience.

“…”

Ryu Cheong-woo also concentrated deeply on the stage but it was not the impression he felt from the perspective of a complete audience like the filming staff.

Because he participated.

The steps I had to go through to complete it came to mind automatically without me consciously thinking about it.

-Easy to break up the rhythm with a tempo that is not too fast.

-The concerto only plays crucial parts.

-Practice focusing on steps.

…

It had to be that way.

‘It was reflected well.’

This is because the feedback was thoroughly reflected without being distorted.

Not all opinions expressed were reflected. However the factors that were not reflected were reached with an understandable agreement as to why they were so.

So I feel more at ease.

To give them confidence that their participation only contributed to improving quality.

[Ye-eeees!]

The lights sparkled like firecrackers on the stage. It’s dazzling and the stage is fun.

And that was it.

There are no obstacles to overcome such as rejection that comes from learned frustration.

This is not because he was a performance idol who was mentally overworked to the limit but because he was immersed in this work step by step without being conscious of it in other ways.

And what remains is the pleasure of seeing the perfect result completed as intended.

[Fill-in the blanks!]

Oooh!

The moment the song ended with a clean and solid mid-range sound the people watching cheered and applauded.

Admiration poured out on the unit members who were breathing heavily with flushed faces.

And even to the members in charge of producing who were sitting in the audience.

“You planned it so well… It was really good!”

Steer Liu Chengyu smiled faintly.

“thank you.”

He felt a small spark.

It was a fever called a sense of accomplishment.

* * *

After rehearsing.

The Testa members who were on stage moved to be interviewed and Park Moon-dae left for a moment saying he would talk to the production crew.

So all that was left was a waiting room with only two steers.

“It was a very enjoyable and meaningful work!”

“okay.”

Kim Rae-bin dressed in civilian clothes with her hair tied back and wearing glasses looked very happy.

He looked so happy that he didn’t flinch even when he was correcting himself.

So Liu Chengwu opened his mouth.

“Ravin.”

“…”

“There must have been many times when you felt that my attitude toward you was harsh.”

“…?”

He calmly said what he wanted to say a long time ago.

“Sorry.”

“…?!”

“You’ve worked hard so far.”

He tried to pat her on the head but stopped short of lightly tapping her shoulder for fear of appearing overbearing.

But one way or another Kim Rae-bin was frozen in shock.

“If you have something to say feel free to do so… It might be difficult to say that it’s okay.”

Liu Chengwu did not show a bitter smile.

He also knew that there was probably no other way to go back to the past.

Equally oppressed through hierarchy and fear. Other than that it was impossible for him to attract members and maintain the group in a disorganized team atmosphere.

However I realized that there was no need to justify it to others by saying such things out loud.

So I just ended it like this.

“It’s okay to tell me after I regain my memories. Take it easy.”

“…”

Raebin Kim didn’t answer but that wasn’t a rejection.

Because I was wondering if I could say this. This was thanks to the revival of my tendency to explore which had been suppressed for some time.

“That brother.”

“huh?”

In the end Raebin Kim asked carefully.

Ask your own questions.

“So are you still planning to regain your memories…?”

“I’m curious about that too.”

Another voice chimed in.

“…!”

chin.

It was the sound he made when Park Moon-dae opened the door and came in probably after finishing his conversation with the production team.

Of course the truth was that I made an excuse to leave the two of them to talk but it was okay now.

‘Surely none of this worked?’

Are you really saying that there is no change of heart at all?

Park Moon-dae almost seriously reflected on his own abilities but before that he checked Ryu Cheong-woo’s expression.

“that’s right.”

Steer Liu Chengwu looked quite relaxed.

It wasn’t resignation.

There was clearly a change.

“…”

‘then.’

Moon-Dae Park decided to dig deeper.

“But I think the reason you’re trying to get it back has changed.”

“…Well it’s the opposite.”

Liu Chengyu rubbed his chin.

“I realized more why I hated getting my memories back.”

In response to the unexpected answer Park Mun-dae immediately repeated those words.

‘Why don’t you like it?’

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo responded as if he had heard Park Mun-dae’s inner thoughts.

“I feel like I’m losing.”

“…?!”

Even Raebin Kim opened his mouth at the bombshell words. However Liu Chengwu continued speaking calmly.

“I told you this before right? When I saw Cha Yu-jin she regained her memories and seemed to have changed a lot.”

right.

‘So you said you didn’t like it because it felt like you were becoming a different person?’

Park Moon-dae recalled the conversation at the time.

“…”

“okay. It looked very comfortable. He looks happy and relaxed. It was good.”

Ryu Cheong-woo smiled faintly describing Cha Yu-jin’s healthy condition in an extremely positive light.

“But I didn’t want to do that.”

“yes?”

“I feel like I give up everything and get comfortable easily rationalizing that someone else who succeeded in a way I don’t even know is me.”

It was quite a harsh rejection.

It might have been some kind of degenerated pride or self-esteem.

However steer Ryu Cheong-wu had forgotten his pride for quite a long time to realize that vividly.

“So I wanted to show that I could do as well as him and take that position.”

“…”

“This is actually just a rationalization.”

Because it’s imitation.

Liu Chengwu calmly added.

Park Mun-dae asked.

“From the beginning?”

“From the beginning.”

From the moment he came to his senses and grasped the situation Liu Chengwu came to this rather extreme conclusion.

The reason that was possible was actually because Steer had had similar concerns over and over again for several years.

own use.

-What on earth can I do?

But in fact Liu Chengwu was not the type of person who longed for an exit after such gloomy self-reflection and agony.

He is the type of person who gives clear answers to complex problems and implements them immediately.

However since there was no clear answer to anything during the steer I did not get a chance to escape from that worry.

Maybe that’s why it was more painful.

A long slow fall.

however.

“I don’t even think about that right now.”

Steer Ryu Cheong-woo responded to Park Moon-dae with a look typical of someone who has already fully realized the situation.

“Today’s stage was probably a way for you to lighten my mood. thank you.”

“…”

At the same time Park Moon-dae realized something.

‘Your tone of voice has changed.’

Now instead of reproducing ‘Testa Liu Chengwu’ similarly Liu Chengwu was using a slightly assertive and tone-free tone of speech.

Park Mun-dae guessed that that was probably the tone used when steering.

And the conversation develops.

“Oh I have a question too.”

“Something.”

“I think there was something he was trying to say when he first tried to persuade me to want to regain my memories.”

“…”

“Can you hear me?”

Park Moon-dae smiled faintly.

“sure.”

He said what he had prepared.

” Cha Yu-jin says she has changed a lot since she regained her memories but that’s just because she found her part again. Same goes for my brother.”

“hmm.”

“…I’ve had a lot of good experiences with this group so far.”

“okay.”

“This is my brother’s achievement.”

“Really?”

“yes.”

If it were Ryu Cheong-woo a few days ago it probably wouldn’t have made any sense at all.

Because he had almost forgotten what achievement even felt like he probably couldn’t believe that he had accomplished it.

It still must have felt like it belonged to someone else.

But the stage I saw now.

This little experience opened up the possibility for him to imagine what it would feel like.

So he smiled and answered\:

“okay. I’m curious.”

That night steer Liu Chengwu decided to redeem himself as a testa.
