---
title: "Chapter 517"
category: "book"
index: 516
section: "Chapter 517"
slug: "517"
---

# Chapter 517

“Are you starting now…?”

“okay.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded vigorously in response to my answer. The guy sat down with an expression of both tension and anticipation.

And Sun Ah-hyun wasn’t the only one with that expression.

After filming the guys who joined gathered in the living room after hearing that Ryu Cheng-wu’s memories were coming back.

Even though everyone was nervous Big Sejin spoke lightly as if to lighten the mood.

“Brother how do you feel about making several close friends in just a few seconds? I think it would be fun~”

“okay. Although that is not the purpose.”

“…!”

Steer Liu Chengwu’s answer sounded almost cold.

However it didn’t seem like he was dissatisfied; he just seemed to respond naturally and according to his personality.

It felt more natural than before when I was trying to look gentle.

The guy laughed softly and Big Sejin also just laughed.

“I’m glad you look comfortable!”

“thank you.”

Liu Chengyu turned his head towards me.

“Then I’ll go find you now.”

I nodded. And I checked the status window.

[Do you want to restart ‘For Company Use’?]

The moment this is restarted Ryu Cheong-woo’s memories will return just like Steer Cha Yu-jin did.

For reference I thought Raebin Kim would automatically regain his memory if I closed the ‘preview’ I’m currently using so I worked hard on the system to make preview and restart coexist.

I was afraid that people would be shocked by the sudden need to regain their memories and reject it…

“I am Raebin Kim. You… your symptoms appeared later than Cheongwoo so it’s okay to think about it more slowly. Don’t be pressured.”

“…?? I never said in the first place that I didn’t want to get my memories back but…”

“oh.”

“I’m looking forward to having new experiences in composing when I get my memories back!”

…They say so.

‘Have you messed with the system for no reason?’

I somehow feel unfair that I used up so much energy that my head exploded.

Anyway for now let’s stick to the plan.

I removed my hand from pressing my forehead and spoke calmly.

“I’m going to press it now so you can lie down.”

Considering the cases so far I made this recommendation because I thought there was a high probability that he would fall asleep.

And Steer Liu Chengwu lay down on the living room sofa without replying.

“Can I do this?”

“yes.”

And I confirmed that he was stably settled.

After making sure I was mentally prepared I moved the status window.

‘Restart.’

Faaat.

Light exploded from the pop-up.

However regardless of whether the hologram in the air was dazzling or not Liu Chengyu lying on the sofa quietly exhaled without moving a single movement.

Like falling asleep peacefully.

“…”

“brother?”

No answer came back.

Steer Liu Chengwu is just lying on the sofa with a relaxed face.

So much so that I almost inadvertently blocked the light of my pop-up which I wouldn’t have been able to see anyway.

“…”

“Let’s wait.”

“huh.”

We moved carefully so as not to disturb the guy who seemed to be in a deep state of unconsciousness.

During the holiday day the living room was quiet like that for several hours.

And that evening.

Chi profit.

I was frying eggs in the kitchen.

At that time a scream was heard from behind.

“Oh my brother!”

It was the voice of Cha Yu-jin who was in charge of monitoring Ryu Cheong-woo from 5 to 6 p.m.

That means…

‘You’re awake.’

I turned off the frying pan and immediately turned around.

In the living room Ryu Cheng-wu with his upper body in a disheveled state was sitting on the sofa.

He had his head down so his expression was not visible but he was covering his forehead with one hand.

But Cha Yu-jin is unstoppable.

“Mundae-hyung make something delicious! Go quickly!”

…Is that before the question of whether it’s okay?

‘Isn’t it just what you wanted to eat?’

However when Cha Yu-jin pulled his arm Ryu Cheong-woo smiled cheerfully with a slightly swollen face.

“…okay? Thank you…”

“…!!”

Even though it was hectic it was a soft and comfortable response.

This is the reaction someone familiar with this type of situation would make.

Bae Se-jin who came running asked with his pupils trembling.

“…Ryu Chengwu?”

“huh.”

Liu Chengyu straightened up his crumpled clothes and combed his hair fully standing up.

There is a somewhat embarrassed smile on the corner of his mouth.

Just like we originally knew.

“Thank you all for your hard work.”

That was enough.

“…brother!”

“Oh my our leader is back~!”

At that moment the living room became noisy as if it was about to leave.

As if it were a separated family reunion several people hugged Liu Chengwu and although Liu Chengwu looked a little embarrassed he patted each of them on the back.

“In particular Sejin worked hard. You said everything you needed to say in the schedule.”

And it ends like this.

“There were many members other than me who were confused because of their memories and I’m sorry that I only received help instead of taking care of them.”

“Ah there have to be days like this so that the things you usually do can be rewarded~”

“No thank you anyway.”

The guy answered quite firmly. And then he turned his head as if he was looking for someone.

‘Well there’s only one thing that’s not there so I know who you’re looking for.’

Me.

What are you doing?

“And the gate…”

“…”

I was holding a crab.

“…??”

Not a cooked crab but a creature marinated in soy sauce.

Bye.

When the shell was removed the inside was revealed filled with yellow eggs as if they were about to burst accompanied by an exciting sound.

It was soy sauce crab sauce made with fat crab.

“Come and eat.”

“…”

I didn’t choose it. This is the menu chosen by his parents.

To be honest I didn’t have time to do anything else but it worked out better. Since it’s a good restaurant it’s probably worth eating.

“Brother did you just buy that while taking a taxi to Mundae?”

It is cheap compared to the cost of cooking it.

“If Mundae had told me I would have played rock paper scissors…”

I most definitely do it.

“Mundae you should have rested too.”

You just need to know.

I didn’t do anything anyway. It’s just like frying an egg and tearing open a crab.

“It was prepared quickly. Let’s eat.”

I probably didn’t eat anything today.

I nodded and waited for him to sit down.

“okay.”

Liu Chengwu smiled a little shyly and eventually came to the table and the others also found their own seats and sat down.

And he excitedly talks to Ryu Cheong-wu.

” Even though you don’t remember anything the work is completed smoothly and without any accidents.”

“That’s right!”

“I know. Cha Yu-jin escaped.”

“I went to the sea. There was no damage!”

“Hey we couldn’t sleep that day…”

The table quickly became noisy. Liu Chengwu looked embarrassed for a moment but then smiled brightly.

“It was Yujin’s first time. That’s possible. I’m sorry that I didn’t show myself that mature.”

“brother…”

He proceeded with the meal by faithfully answering each and every question about his condition from the other members.

And I didn’t forget these words.

“I will contact the company starting today.”

“…Um yeah.”

I nodded.

Then I turned my eyes and looked at the table.

A table filled with crab and buttered eggs.

“…”

Liu Chengwu barely touched the food and only ate the bare rice.

‘hmm.’

I watched it closely.

* * *

It was only after Liu Chengwu went into the shower that he finally had time to organize his thoughts.

“after.”

I didn’t have time to do this because I had been spending so much time reassuring the other members after waking up.

It was natural.

Thinking about what he had done to his younger siblings who only had memories of the past he was so embarrassed that he felt a renewed sense of resolve.

I can’t help but fall into a slump and fall into self-pity.

‘He was like a child.’

But now I felt like I had done my job properly.

-It’s like this…

Even Kim Rae-bin whose memories had not yet returned seemed somewhat relieved.

‘…Good.’

Testa Ryu Cheong-woo recovered his strong mentality without much worry or passion just like he always did.

I belong to a good team.

I am handling my duties well.

He calmed down by reflecting on what had happened since his debut as Testa.

And when I got out of the shower clearing my head so that my thoughts wouldn’t wander to the dark side.

“…?!”

“Oh did you come out?”

My roommate Cha Yu-jin was not there.

Instead Park Moon-dae was sitting in front of the table between the two beds.

No rather than calling it Park Mun-dae.

“Sit down.”

It would be correct to say that Ryu Geon-woo his older cousin was sitting there.

He spoke informally without hesitation and was reaching out to the table to organize things that had come up.

Some ingredients with strong aromas. And… liquor bottles.

Ryu Geon-woo had a drinking bar set up on the table.

Liu Chengyu was speechless for a moment but finally opened his mouth again.

“Brother’s alcohol…”

“Now we’ve all agreed that it’s okay to drink it sometimes.”

But what’s on the table isn’t a can of beer… it’s a pile of wine.

“…”

Is this okay?

Liu Qingyu looked at his cousin with half-shock and half worry but he carefully sat down across the table anyway.

‘What did I do wrong?’

He thought for a moment but soon intuitively found something close to the correct answer.

‘ah.’

I guess I didn’t pay much attention when eating.

That was something that could be unpleasant enough.

He probably would have called to find out where his favorite restaurant was but he wasn’t even eating properly because he was so focused on what he had done.

‘I’m sorry.’

He wanted to talk about it right away.

But the other person spoke first.

“I have something to say.”

“huh.”

Liu Chengyu straightened his posture. Like drinking with a superior after doing something wrong.

But Ryu Geon-woo did not talk about his mistakes.

“This is what a younger brother I know told me.”

Ryu Geon-woo continued speaking slowly.

Something I heard somewhere.

“In the face of fear and pain… they usually get a little angry and blame others but that’s okay.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu opened his eyes wide.

Ryu Geon-woo smiled and stretched out his hand to pick up the glass from the table.

“If it’s okay for me you’ll be able to do it even more.”

Because he is the one who said that.

-How can a person always live rationally?

Liu Qingwu finally realized the cause of his déjà vu as he looked at the table filled with alcohol.

Summer Package.

The other person had completely recreated the scene of the day when he had given Park Moon-dae the opportunity to confide in him.

‘ah.’

Liu Chengyu slowly closed and opened his eyes repeatedly. Ryu Geon-woo held out a glass in front of him.

“You had a hard time.”

The alcohol spilled inside. Liu Qingyu looked at it blankly.

Then he reached out grabbed the glass and brought it to his mouth.

“…”

In fact he was too drunk to get drunk like this.

But I realized that I wanted to drink.

‘You wanted to run away.’

He said that he was deliberately trying to avoid recalling the memories of his time as a steer in detail as much as possible.

Because just thinking about it felt quite repulsive.

Steer Ryu Cheong-wu can be dismissed as ‘like a child’ only for what he did here.

When I was involved I was so buried that I didn’t realize it but after regaining my solid mind I was able to realize it when I looked back.

Before he was…

“Actually I…”

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo asked himself.

‘you?’

But Liu Chengwu did not answer.

I just drank the remaining alcohol in my glass in silence.

“…”

Ryu Geon-woo also did not urge his younger brother.

The two slowly emptied the entire bottle of wine and opened another bottle.

“Would you like to drink more?”

“huh.”

And one more bottle.

That was it.

The cousin was a person who did not ask Liu Chengwu to play any role.

Sometimes that was enough.

* * *

Testa rested well until the next day.

The only movement was going back and forth between rooms and chatting with each other. Even Keun Se-jin didn’t go to the gym and Ryu Cheong-wu was the same.

When Bae Se-jin saw the amount of alcohol the two had drunk he looked like he had a lot to say but he held back.

Time passed leisurely like that.

After dinner we all sat together in the living room and watched the last competition performance that was finally revealed.

“Wow Testaya is really good on stage.”

“that’s right. I’m especially good at it.”

The conversation went back and forth without any tension.

“I want to see our unit’s stage soon right?”

“Ugh. me too…!”

“How about Raevin? Ravine arranged it~”

“…! Of course… I want to see you again!”

“Oh oh oh.”

They had a nice and relaxing time talking about when Ravin would recover his memories and whether there was anything he wanted to do before.

Still the tester on the screen looked great.

Even as he watched the subtitles that made his hands and feet cringe Testa giggled excitedly.

[The stage of the KPOP king that captivates the audience]

“Are you our king?”

“Hahaha!”

A small round of applause is heard Big Sejin takes a group selfie saying he will reveal it to the fans and Park Moon-dae selects the photo.

Liu Chengyu looked at the comfortable scene with a relaxed mind.

And that was the moment when the competition video of &lt;Real Battle&gt; in which they appeared ended.

ridge.

[I realized.]

An advertisement played on the TV screen with an eerie monotonous sound.

“uh? That…”

But it was a voice I had heard before somewhere.

[There is a strange shadow in this building]

After the narration eerie images of deserted hallways and fire escapes flashed by.

A thriller with a deep fantasy feel.

[They are chasing me.]

Thump thump thump.

In sync with the sound close-up shots of the actors standing under dark red and blue lights passed by.

And among them is Bae Se-jin who makes eye contact with the camera!

“Oooooh! Sejin hyung!”

“Wow wow…!”

[Doll Hunter]

[Netplus Thursday October 31]

That’s right.

This was the drama Bae Se-jin filmed!

“I think it will come out great…!”

“I heard it! The main character’s friend!”

“That’s right it was that kind of station right? Congratulations Sejin!”

The members excitedly patted Bae Se-jin’s shoulders and back. Even Park Moon-dae spoke with a smile.

“It looks like it will be released soon.”

“…uh? Uh oh.”

Bae Se-jin nodded.

But inside I couldn’t bear to speak so I was breaking into a cold sweat.

‘I haven’t said anything yet…!’

Sejin Bae

D-3 until the psychopath station is revealed.
