---
title: "Chapter 518"
category: "book"
index: 517
section: "Chapter 518"
slug: "518"
---

# Chapter 518

Bae Se-jin did not intentionally not tell the members what their role was.

It’s just… the timing wasn’t right.

‘We’re talking about having memories and not having them but you can’t suddenly bring up my drama!’

He even finished filming without any problems. In his mind no matter how much he thought about it conversation was low on his priority list.

So he decided now.

‘I have to tell you before I go to bed today.’

But that night.

“Happy birthday brother~!”

Liu Chengwu’s surprise birthday party was held!

That’s right.

After all it’s October 28th. That day was Liu Chengwu’s birthday.

“…”

Why didn’t he know…

“You were busy too.”

This is because it was a surprise party secretly prepared jointly by three members of Testa’s middle line the so-called ‘same age group’.

The members who were having a hard time with memory and identity issues decided to just let them have fun and the three of them willingly put their heads together and divided up their roles to airlift the party materials.

“Just enjoy it~”

Bae Se-jin screamed inwardly at the remarks of Lee Se-jin a friend of the same name who is now becoming quite conversant.

‘There is no need for such consideration…!’

However he was no longer sociable to the point where he made meaningless sudden moves.

‘…But it’s still considerate.’

Anyway the atmosphere was warm and nice.

Liu Chengyu seemed to be unexpectedly moved beyond joy to the point of being slightly dazed and the faces of the people who prepared accordingly became brighter.

Sun Ah-hyun blushed and held out the cake. The huge chocolate cake had exciting phrases like ‘Testa’s eldest brother is handsome’ written on it.

“You can just blow out the candle…!”

“…Haha okay. Should I make a wish?”

“Oh oh~”

“…”

Of course there’s no way I could suddenly sound like a psychopath in this atmosphere…

‘You’ve been through a lot of trouble already!’

Shouldn’t they at least be able to receive congratulations on their birthday with peace of mind?

So Bae Se-jin made a choice that he had never made before in his life which was to ‘keep his mouth shut and enjoy the atmosphere’…

The result was a heartwarming experience in which only he suffered.

‘Ugh.’

“Brother what did you wish for?”

“Hmm… Will our team be healthy and active for a long time?”

“It’s a really good wish…!”

“…I know.”

Bae Se-jin agreed and accepted the cake that Park Moon-dae cut off as neatly as a knife.

‘phew.’

Still the cake was delicious.

And only after pouring herself a glass of champagne (it was non-alcoholic) did Bae Se-jin try to bring up the drama again…

“I didn’t expect this kind of atmosphere… but I think it’s a very fun and harmonious team.”

“…”

“I want to get my memory back quickly so I can contribute more to this team…”

What makes it such a meaningful day?

Bae Se-jin almost squeezed her eyes shut when she heard the words carefully spoken by steer Kim Rae-bin.

“…okay.”

Let’s give up.

Bae Se-jin decided to wait for the next day.

And the very next day was the new filming day for &lt;True Battle&gt;.

Filming just before the hiatus to announce the winner of this contest film rest content and adjust the tempo once in the middle of the season.

Testa finished second and made a save.

“thank you!”

Everyone was able to finish filming in a good mood with the expected report card.

For reference Eter from the Wonder Hall agency who recently appeared accepted a low-ranking score of 5th place.

Their stage was full of energy like a rookie and the effects were spectacular.

Because it was a stage carefully organized by experts and with excellent planning skills 5th place would have been a disappointing ranking.

but.

Bae Se-jin managed her expression with years of experience but thought bluntly on the inside.

‘Honestly I don’t feel bad.’

I felt a bit like it was a matter of justice.

Of course on the side Park Moon-dae was thinking ‘It would have been better for us if those guys came in first and faced a backlash.’

In any case Eter’s naive and ignorant attitude gave Testa a strange impression and discomfort but the filming itself went well.

“Then I’ll see you in two weeks. Senior!”

“Yes testers welcome in!”

After saying goodbye to Soft Sweet who won first place in tears it was time to go into the waiting room and disperse to pack our bags.

The atmosphere was loose. If things continue like this it feels like we can all talk about it through small talk and have a good laugh together.

‘Finally… Is it time to talk?’

“Sejin.”

“Uh uh.”

But Liu Chengwu spoke first.

“It’s too late to say this right?… thank you. I heard that you paid a lot of attention to Sejin so that I could come to my senses.”

“…It’s not that big.”

“No it’s not great.”

Liu Chengwu’s eyes were warm.

“You must have been very embarrassed because of my attitude. It must have been harder for you to take care of others when you were in a difficult situation.”

“…”

“But you took care of me.”

Bae Se-jin was a little worried but soon spoke up.

“…It’s natural since we’re friends.”

For Bae Se-jin Ryu Cheong-woo was almost the same age friend she had met for the first time.

Moreover since I received a lot of one-sided help it actually felt strange to be thanked to this degree.

Liu Chengyu grinned.

“Thank you though.”

“…okay.”

Words so sincere that they seemed somewhat awkward were exchanged gently and ended warmly.

There was a nice silence.

And Bae Se-jin thought.

“…”

In this atmosphere suddenly the story of the role of a psychopath…

‘I wonder if it will work… ’

In the end Bae Se-jin gave up her speech wanting to shed tears.

…And so the day of the broadcast arrived.

Halloween midnight October 31st.

Testa gathered on the sofa in joy thanks to the unconventional choice of not making a schedule for the next morning.

“brother! Let’s get started! Sit down quickly! Hurry!”

“…”

Bae Se-jin flopped down on the sofa.

And to hide his nervousness he grabbed Cha Yu-jin’s popcorn at random and put it in his mouth and chewed it combatively.

“…?? What the…”

“Start.”

Cha Yu-jin was confused for a moment but soon heard Park Moon-dae’s voice and fixed her eyes on the TV.

[dream.]

[This must be a dream.]

[It had to be that way.]

The first episode of the new Net Plus series &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; which was released a few seconds ago has started airing.

* * *

The content of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; was close to a modern mystery survival story.

One day the protagonist wakes up to the sound of an alarm and realizes that even though it is morning not a single ray of light comes in from the window.

And as he approaches the window he notices something horrifying.

Outside the window was full of wet dirt.

It was as if the entire building had been buried alive.

[Ahh!]

The plot of this mystery drama was to keep going upstairs to escape from a strangely twisted dark building and encounter neighbors who had turned into monsters.

Of course not all neighbors turned into monsters. Most of the residents were buried along with this building.

As the protagonist continues upward he encounters various human figures and friendly enemies. Among them I became friends with people I met and accompanied them.

A firefighter who retired due to injury a third-year student a member of the high school baseball team a co-worker and…

[…hello.]

“Oh Sejin hyung!”

Bae Se-jin’s character medical student Jeong Yi-sol was also a colleague who joined the cast in the elementary and middle grades.

A man in his mid-20s with slicked-back black hair and wearing rimless glasses.

He is intelligent has good judgment and even has first aid skills. If it were a game he would have been the number one recruit.

[Stop.]

[…!!]

In particular the scene where he appears in front of the main character in danger with a fire hose and chases the monster at the time of his first appearance combined with the engine BGM even provided catharsis.

Even Liu Chengwu who was not particularly interested in surreal videos was mildly impressed.

“Sejin you’re really cool?”

“…Uh uh. thank you.”

A capable helper who blocks the so-called cancerous development while also taking care of the team’s morality!

The role that everyone would covet shined even brighter after meeting Bae Se-jin who had both an outstanding mask and acting skills.

[This way.]

[ah…!]

Even the little-spoken parts felt attractive.

In addition this medical student invited the main character to his hideout and even treated the injured people.

As for where the hiding place was.

[convenience store!]

[fizzle.]

It was a convenience store full of supplies!

The fact that the protagonist and his group ate the greasy and salty canned ham and hot instant rice in a hurry was made to make them want to eat the ham and rice even though they knew it was product placement.

“Hey~ Brother you take care of PPL as well? It’s a really important role in many ways.”

“It’s so cool. It’s cool!”

“…uh.”

It’s a really important role in many ways… right.

Bae Se-jin couldn’t stop the members from watching the second episode non-stop because they were so excited.

As is typical for works with long solid original stories the drama progressed at a breakneck pace and thanks to this the members worked hard and continued to immerse themselves in the story.

There was no time to be bored.

We even analyzed the main characters’ strategies and gave them advice.

“Ah now I’m going to use that convenience store as a base.”

“That’s right.”

“Hmm~ I think it would be better to go a little higher. Ah but if you were in that situation again wouldn’t it be hard to think like this?”

The structure of the 31-story residential-commercial complex was twisted upside down so the officetels on the top floor where people lived became the bottom floor.

And on the 28th floor there was a convenience store targeting the needs of residents.

If you leave this officetel floor and go up a little further you will reach the commercial area so it is better to go there. Even the members had different opinions.

Even Seon Ah-hyeon asked Park Moon-dae.

“What do you think of that door?”

And Park Mun-dae answered calmly.

“Well… either way I think it will be available at convenience stores.”

“…?”

“Because it’s good to be attacked.”

The moment those words end.

Just then the convenience store appeared again on the screen.

The lights are off and the exterior is dark.

“…!!”

[…uh? Huh?]

The main character went downstairs to check the rescue signal sent by middle school students trapped in a small room in the officetel and the group was divided into two.

Those who were not injured moved.

The injured people remained at the convenience store.

And now I returned to the convenience store where only the injured people were left… All the LED lights were turned off creating a gloomy atmosphere.

“Ooooh”

“I see. It’s natural that convenience stores have food so anyone can target them.”

“Uhm~ Of course if you go to the floor where the shops are it will be a bit more distributed…”

While saying those words both Ryu Cheong-woo and Lee Se-jin could not take their eyes off the screen.

And they themselves realized it from their own words.

-Convenience stores are easily attacked.

So how did the medical student manage to hide there without being attacked until now…?

The moment when that question crossed the minds of some members.

[…]

On the screen the main character and several companions finally entered the convenience store.

Inside a dark convenience store where the main character’s shadow is cast.

[hey?]

Fortunately the shelves and counters illuminated by the dim light still looked fine.

But no answer was received. Only muffled white noise filled the screen.

‘Did you evacuate in advance?’

By the time such hopeful speculations had passed by. The main character’s flashlight was aimed at the convenience store warehouse door.

and.

[…!!]

Shoes and legs began to appear through the open door.

A heterogeneous appearance lying horizontally instead of standing vertically.

thud. thud.

A sound effect like a beating heart dominates the screen.

And the camera from the protagonist’s point of view slowly raises its head and captures In-young the only person standing inside the warehouse door.

[Are you here?]

And everyone realizes.

The medical student was not attacked at the convenience store but was the one who was attacked.

A shaky camera captured the wide-eyed corpses behind a medical student who was calmly wiping blood from his hands with a wet tissue in a routine motion.

And then there was a close-up of the things piled on top.

These are the protagonist’s colleagues who remained at the convenience store due to injury.

In particular the first members that the main character met significantly in episode 1.

Among them there was a heroine or a woman who was forming a love line with the main character.

There was also a supporting character Licorice who was a co-worker at the same company as the main character and seemed like he would go with him until the end.

But… that’s right.

After just 2 episodes… all the starting members died.

By the hands of a medical student.

“…”

“…”

Bae Se-jin desperately started avoiding the members’ gaze!
