---
title: "Chapter 519"
category: "book"
index: 518
section: "Chapter 519"
slug: "519"
---

# Chapter 519

In the screen ‘Jeong Yi-sol’ who has the appearance of Bae Se-jin an intelligent medical student is wiping the blood from her fingers with a calm complexion.

The protagonist asked looking stiff and pale at the corpses of his colleagues who had been alive just a moment ago.

[why…]

Viewers who watched this felt exactly the same way.

A confused silence fell in the living room and instead of Bae Se-jin who was sweating profusely the medical student on the screen answered.

[what?]

[He’s dead… Why? Why did you kill me!!]

A quiet convenience store.

And the living room of the accommodation outside the work.

A flowing classical accompaniment began to flow between the screens the two were crossing.

A graceful and calm sound.

And the medical student’s calm remarks rang out.

[There is no reason not to kill him.]

“What kind of bullshit is this…”

“Seriously bro?”

Shock and sighs echoed through the living room and Bae Se-jin covered her eyes.

However the medical student whose upper body is shown in close-up on the screen has the same appearance and a normal expression.

And explained.

‘He’s injured.’

The protagonist screamed almost like he was crazy.

[What… what are you talking about? Then why did you save us and why did you help us…!]

[I need to check.]

It is said that they checked whether he had the ability to offset the penalty of injury.

The medical student who answered concisely was calm and rational.

No he used a tone that seemed rational but it created a further sense of incongruity against the gruesome bloody background.

After thoroughly removing all the blood with a wet tissue he pointed to a corner of the warehouse with his hand.

A backpack filled with supplies.

[Pack your bags.]

[Aaaah!]

The main character went completely crazy and rushed at him.

The medical student frowned slightly and lowered his head to avoid the protagonist’s fist causing him to fall.

The protagonist fell over the corpse.

[Uh oh!!!]

[Think.]

He gave advice to the protagonist who was struggling with anger and fear like a medical student teaching him how to take a deep breath.

And the moment the protagonist raises his head reflexively and gasps.

[Let’s go together.]

The medical student held out his hand.

It was a companion offer.

The protagonist who couldn’t understand this crazy bastard’s thinking circuit forgot his anger for a moment and fell down staring at the hand.

A moment when the protagonist’s vision shakes as if in slow motion and the world seems to have stopped.

[Juseong!!]

The silence was broken by a loud shout.

The remaining group who had been slowly following along with the rescued middle school students entered the convenience store.

The protagonist barely gets rescued by them and is dragged out of the convenience store.

And after being locked in the officetel crying and struggling I finally managed to go to the convenience store a few hours later.

[…]

The convenience store was already empty.

All that remains are neatly arranged corpses.

[Uuuhhh…]

The protagonist collapsed in front of him.

After the slow and painful music plays he unable to bear the pain alone discovers an item still lying in the corner of the warehouse.

Full backpack.

A medical student left behind a backpack full of supplies.

I don’t know if it was a decision that took mobility into account or if there was another reason.

[…sigh.]

However the protagonist fumbles and takes the backpack.

Then I gritted my teeth and left the convenience store with shuffling steps.

My steps became more and more powerful.

Leaving behind corpses hanging out like dolls.

&lt;Doll Hunter&gt;

Episode 2 ended so shockingly with the rough title logo floating over the main character’s tearful face.

“…”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin who had forgotten the popcorn and opened her mouth muttered.

“Bae Se-jin fooled me.”

“…no.”

“He said he was the main character’s friend.”

“For a moment… we are friends”

It was a remark without conscience.

“Are you serious?!”

“Not a friend but an enemy.”

“That person is too much…!”

Bae Se-jin who even heard a word from Sun Ah-hyun sank.

It was impossible for him to give sly responses like ‘But it was fun’ or ‘I faked everything.’…

In the end Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with a red face.

Let’s talk in detail now!

Out of consideration for me who played a psychopath three times in a row I told him not to do it if he was a psychopath but it was a bit difficult to get this role so quickly!

“that’s right. It’s a bit of a strange character but it’s actually…”

It was that moment.

“for a moment.”

“…?”

Sejin Lee chewed Yujin Cha’s popcorn with a solemn expression and interrupted her.

“Don’t tell my brother.”

why?

And a surprising answer came back.

“It’s more fun not to listen.”

“…?!”

“Hey Sejin you’re really good at acting. yes?”

“Yeah that’s right!”

“I’m looking forward to what you’ll do…!”

Crazy was crazy and fun was fun!

“Ah it’s starting.”

[Doll Hunter]

[3. [The person who climbs hell]

No spoilers!

Testa began to focus on the auto-playing episode 3 with a solemn posture and excited eyes.

“…”

Bae Se-jin was speechless with a dumbfounded expression on his face.

“therefore…”

“Shh focus!”

“…”

Bae Se-jin was speechless!

However only one member was left out of this vortex of confusion.

‘I never thought I would play the role of a medical student.’

Moon-Dae Park.

He had already finished reading the original webtoon a few months ago and was nodding to his foresight in installing a reaction cam.

‘The content will kill me.’

It was truly the embodiment of cost-effectiveness.

And as Park Moon-dae predicted real-time SNS was already filled with all kinds of screams.

* * *

Because &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; did not reveal the roles played by the actors in detail light fans who are not true fans of Bae Se-jin did not follow the original webtoon.

There was just an interesting drama coming out on Net Plus and it happened that Bae Se-jin appeared in it so many people enjoyed watching it.

They were impressed by Bae Se-jin’s first appearance scene.

A wonderful helper appears!

-Medical student ㅠㅠ I was so excited.

-Wow it looks like you chose the role well for Bae Se-jin.

-It’s thrilling.

-Doll Hunters everyone look at me.

And in the scene where the killer appears I am amazed in a slightly different way.

This means that it was accompanied by a scream.

-??? ?????

-What is this?

-Is this a dream?

-Oh it’s true that you chose the role well but now the meaning is the opposite.

-Sapae Advent

And people who saw this reaction said ‘What is it? ‘What is it?’ While doing this we started watching &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; and after an hour or two we ended up screaming together which started a chain reaction.

-Well there are all these dramas.

– Hahahahahahaha I can’t believe my eyes.

-I came after seeing the spoiler for the original crazy crazy crazy!!

And Bae Se-jin’s true fans looked at this with excitement while they themselves screamed.

The moment they heard the news of Bae Se-jin’s appearance they spent several days watching the original work and realized the truth from Bae Se-jin’s first appearance as a medical student.

But even they couldn’t hold back their admiration.

-Sejin has been on a hiatus from starring roles for several years but isn’t he really human? I think I’m really possessed

-The hand washing scene was very intimidating.

-If each character setting is excessive and done incorrectly it can really be a disaster but the balance is really delicate and when it explodes it explodes. Bae Se-jin absolutely needs to do more works.

This is because the acting was so perfect that it was difficult to understand.

The strong role of a psychopath was not exaggerated but realistically understated and details were taken to ensure impact and delivery.

Of course in reality Bae Se-jin’s acting hiatus was not as long as they thought.

Not only did he frequently play the role of a psychopath in the virtual world of the system but his previous work even played the role of a medical student.

Thanks to this even in the short preparation period things like the unique habits of medical students were implemented well so that even the smallest details felt realistic.

It was the effect of new experienced workers.

In addition Bae Se-jin was hastily cast and even the story of his introduction was secretly spread creating a synergy effect.

-WeTube source (link)

└????

└Is it Jjin?

Considering that the production team had boasted that this secret story would not be leaked Bae Se-jin could have been angry but the result itself was very good.

Favorable reviews also poured in from people who read the original work.

-You completed this character in one week? Aren’t you crazy?

-Jung Yi-sol came out just like I imagined while watching the webtoon. The production team must have shed tears of emotion after taking the first take.

-Is the upward enhancement of appearance true? Hahaha. As expected the face looks promising.

-I was worried about synchronization as the casting seemed to be all done well but it was for no reason.

The buzz literally soared.

Moreover pre-filming for this work has already been completed.

They didn’t forcibly increase the role due to popularity or impact which ate up the quality of the work like the Mary Sue character.

On the contrary after the twist in ‘Medical Student’ the originality of the work was greatly revived.

In fact until now &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; had been progressing like a standard survival mystery story.

The main character who is somewhat adventurous affectionate and has clear humanity shows the actions of a main character.

However from episode 3 onwards the main character tries to escape from this bizarre building alone keeping a close watch on everyone.

[There are too many monsters in this building.]

[But I will not become a monster.]

It was a complete awakening.

The fragility of the main character which was needed to immerse oneself into the world view at the beginning was completely sublimated into a strong and cool-headed judgment that suits the taste of modern people in the 21st century.

[Run!]

In order to overcome the monster he overcomes the situation passionately and desperately risking his life.

The protagonist walks through the officetel floors without being swayed by people who cannot tell if they are asking for help or trying to lure him into a trap and finally enters the floor where the shops are located.

And from there medical student ‘Jeong Yi-sol’ appears again in the story.

[…!]

Although he did not appear often he created a symbolic thrill every time he appeared like some kind of horror event.

In a hideout I managed to find in a butcher shop and a cult group.

The medical student’s BGM made viewers freeze every time they heard it but the main character survived every time.

It was a possible tension adjuster due to the impact of the first twist.

For reference Testa reacted like this.

“It comes again.”

“Oh my god.”

The warm response from the first appearance has already gone to the other world.

-Testa is like parents watching morning dramas.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

└ㄹㅇ Bae Se-jin looks like me feeling embarrassed next to him.

“I heard you’re not a psychopath.”

“No… no that’s it.”

-Baehamchi was embarrassed hahahaha

-How well did you keep it a secret?

The reaction of the testa that Park Moon-dae filmed and released was so realistic that even fans who did not know the exact circumstances burst out in laughter.

However the real climax comes in episode 5 the last of the episodes that were released all at once on October 31st half way through the season.

Near the end of episode 5.

The moment when the main character who ran away while being killed by a monster worshiped by a cult encounters a medical student.

[not…]

Deep.

Jeong Yi-sol stabbed the protagonist without any dialogue.

[why…]

[Lack of supplies.]

And collect the supplies the protagonist was carrying.

The backpack he left behind.

[ah.]

That’s right.

The medical student also killed the main character.

“…”

“…”

Of course it comes back to life.

-It’s a loop guys haha.

The main character came to his senses in the room like at the beginning of episode 1.

[Huh!]

“Aaaah!”

“Ugh thank goodness!”

“Sejin you fooled me again!”

“…?!”

They say you’re not listening!

The sight of Testa screaming that he should have heard the spoiler and Bae Se-jin’s expression of resentment caused laughter.

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-It’s not like anyone else’s business.

-The reaction is the same as when I see my relatives. Testa was also human.

└No I thought idols weren’t people lol.

This testa’s reaction to Chaos Episode 1 2 was even uploaded to WeTube as official content with the full support of Netplus officials.

It was truly a huge hit.

After a few days there were people who found meta fun by comparing it to Testa Bae Se-jin’s previous actions.

This is because &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; and the character of the medical student were so strong.

-Sejin wore glasses in section 127 and here too hahaha

-Is the starting annihilation a symbol of Testa?

-Section 127 Doctor and ‘that’ medical student (image)

There were a lot of jokes linking Ruined Factory with the company’s previous collaboration game which is now Ruined Factory and there were many fans who drew fan art tying the two together.

What’s interesting is that it wasn’t just fans who were interested in this.

The same was true for the parties.

[hello! The weather has become very chilly so I wanted to contact you to see how you are doing. Haha have you seen this?]

Text containing a link.

Moon-Dae Park received a call from this game company Ruin Industrial Complex after a long time.

With the proposal I had prepared for.

[Are you really not thinking about making another game testers?]
