---
title: "Chapter 520"
category: "book"
index: 519
section: "Chapter 520"
slug: "520"
---

# Chapter 520

Let’s make a game… again?

I re-read the long text message sent by the CEOs of the game company Ruin Industrial Complex.

Apparently he was quite impressed after seeing Bae Se-jin’s ‘Doll Hunter’.

‘I expected it to some extent.’

I wrote my reply sincerely remembering the game from my last album which received a very positive response.

An ambitious follow-up to the successful first game.

[sorry. We don’t have enough time.]

huh. Of course not.

The reason is the same as last time.

‘It’s okay up to once but if you go further people will start to try to create controversy.’

First let’s define the new content we attempted in the last album.

-Insert the game into the album.

This is a new event-type attempt up to once but after two attempts it becomes a business.

A pattern emerges.

Then there is controversy that naturally follows.

-If you buy an album because of a game isn’t it just a game and not a song album? LOL

This is the controversy over expediency.

This is because there will definitely be a regular consumer base who buys albums to play unique interactive games.

‘This problem is happening because we made it well last time.’

Testa already has a lot of enemies. From my former agency T1 to the newly appeared Wonderhole bastards there are endless reasons why I shouldn’t give a shit.

I thought about explaining this kindly but no matter how much I thought about it I felt like these people wouldn’t understand.

‘They probably didn’t realize that existing users of their game wouldn’t like it in the first place.’

From the perspective of the ruined industrial complex they probably thought it was a great benefit because they could make the game fun get good reviews and promote their new games in the future.

‘I heard that there was actually quite a response from overseas.’

However gamers in this country who are well aware of who Testa is are likely to think he is crazy or have antipathy if he keeps going even if he does it once.

Making a game with a popular idol would seem like taking advantage of the idol’s fame.

‘If you want to do this you need to approach it more carefully and with a detailed plan.’

The point is that it shouldn’t feel like an overtly ambitious sequel.

I responded by adjusting the level of rejection carefully so that the people in the ruined industrial complex felt the ambiguous nuance that ‘we may cooperate at any time when circumstances allow it.’

“This is enough.”

Everything was under control.

I nodded.

However there are variables in the world that individuals cannot control.

For example something like a hit at the level of a social phenomenon.

That’s right.

&lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; becomes a hit that breaks platform records.

* * *

It all started with the overseas performance of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

-Crazy Netflix ranks 1st in global market share

-Real-time viewing trend of The Turned Doll Hunter

Once you start watching &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; it has the power to attract you to watch all the released episodes and has become a hot topic due to the statistics showing that there are very few people who leave the show.

And the ranking continued to rise due to word of mouth and new viewers who entered the ranking…

-No. 1 in viewing time… ㄷㄷ

After all it was ranked number one globally that week and received media coverage.

‘It’s a mess.’

The production studio and Netplus excited for the first time in a while published articles as if their lives depended on the media play.

Still I was more surprised that the drama’s reviews were so good that it didn’t get criticized.

-Awesome haha

The latest comment was literally a hit.

It was reported in all kinds of foreign media and media and attention was paid to the main actors who appeared.

This is especially true for the actor who plays the role of a crazy psychopath who presents the main character with his first awakening and his first death.

-Oh my god

Immediately a collection of overseas WeTubers’ reactions to Bae Se-jin’s psychopath reversal scene was ranked among the most popular videos on domestic WeTube.

-I never expected something like this but I enjoyed it (caps)

-He made this show 10x more exciting.

-Viewers screaming like the main character

It was truly a powerful comeback for a child actor.

In the dorm when Cha Yu-jin responded with excitement and enthusiasm Bae Se-jin who had deliberately avoided Internet monitoring was occasionally seen secretly checking it as well.

“brother! He said he’s in love with this guy’s brother!”

“…with a psychopath?”

The guy looked a little shaken but he didn’t seem upset.

‘of course.’

Isn’t success always a good taste? Even if it comes from four consecutive psychopath roles.

Now I can sometimes hear him talking proudly with subtle expectations.

“This time the actors and actresses were scheduled to appear on WeTube to promote it. If the timing is right I’ll try to promote my next album but I’m not sure if it will be effective…”

“Of course there will be…!”

Well there’s nothing bad about it. It’s good if you enjoy your activities.

However the problem was the babies who were not involved.

This is because as the name value of Bae Se-jin’s character medical student ‘Jeong Yi-sol’ grew public opinion stirred on the Internet.

———————-

[Why does Bae Se-jin continue to be an idol?]

To be honest Testa treated him like an incompetent member. If it were me I wouldn’t have renewed the contract even if it was unfair but I guess the members caught up with him in the nick of time.

———————–

This is idol Bae Se-jin’s dance theory.

It is argued that because of actor Bae Se-jin’s overwhelming performance in the work there is no need for Bae Se-jin as a tester.

‘I’m asking you to take another picture during that time.’

Of course the conflict was enormous because Bae Se-jin had shown steady growth on stage and built a solid fan base as an idol.

-What is this crazy guy?

└The person who wrote the article didn’t even swear but he cursed all the time…

└Agari All fans are having a seizure button haha

└Aren’t you embarrassed to point out that someone else cursed you while using a word like ‘Agari’?

-Honestly Bae Se-jin’s parts were few and he didn’t leave much of an impression on stage.

└Even when he was out of grade at Azusa he looked like he had stage talent but what nonsense?

└That’s why Testa’s personal fans are scared. I thought it was time to hit Bae Se-jin;

└??? Why is the Testa fan suddenly calling out? Anyone can see that it’s disgusting.

-It seems like he’s attached to the team but it doesn’t seem natural. There’s something he’s much better at but sticking to his idols… hmm.

└Wow that’s right I felt this way too… It seems like I was a bit gaslighted.

└Why are there so many people who use gaslighting words carelessly? Come to your senses.

hmm. This is shit.

Such extreme remarks have equally divided pros and cons.

‘They’re doing this on purpose.’

Here after a heated debate and aggro a softer opinion emerges.

That was the problem.

-I want to see Bae Se in dramas and movies more oftenㅠㅠ Since I have a lot of leave I guess I’ll focus on personal activities now right?

Naturally it is assumed that Bae Se-jin will place more importance on acting activities in the future and that she will naturally miss out on Testa activities more often.

There were quite a few people who casually wrote things like this.

-If the contract is renewed honestly the members should be considerate of this and not be selfish.

-There is an issue with the longevity of idol groups and if I were Bae Se-jin acting would definitely come first even if I didn’t say anything.

uh. I saw a good use of Testa member Bae Se-jin to lower the value of the Testa name.

I looked at the internet community and nodded.

All indicators were pointing to one thing.

‘Let’s make a comeback.’

This happens due to low tester activity. The impact of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; was so great that Testa was pushed aside for a moment.

Testa needs to come back as soon as possible and change the topic by hitting her on the head sexually.

‘It just so happens that Bae Se-jin wants to promote her next album so I can do it to my heart’s content.’

Moreover this was a good way for Bae Se-jin to fulfill her schedule as an actor.

Given the current development of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; there is a high probability that Bae Se-jin will appear in Season 2 as well. Then since we will start filming a new film in a few months it was good to include team activities before that.

‘I was planning on making one more comeback before the end of the year… so it fits perfectly with the annual plan I made when establishing the company.’

Of course if Bae Se-jin really wanted to place a greater emphasis on acting activities rather than team activities it wouldn’t have been a bad timing to start revealing it now.

‘You can only participate in important schedules skip a few events and attend an actor’s schedule etc.’

To be honest if I had done it until the contract was renewed there would be no moral problem if I slipped out of it.

So I asked him outright once.

-… Why?

I got a shocked response asking why I was canceling my schedule when I could have gone. Um yeah.

-I understand your ambition to pursue both idol and actor activities.

-uh? No not to that extent…

-Oooooh!

This guy definitely has some guts. It was a remarkable growth compared to when they first debuted.

I nodded watching the back of his head as he ran away to his room receiving applause from his younger siblings.

Moreover although Bae Se-jin said it as a joke when he joined this work his success in the drama actually opened a new route for a group called Testa.

For example the instant rice and canned ham PPL from &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

Do you know what? Netplus does not often accept money for PPL. In many cases it is handled as a two-way promotion between companies.

-ㅋㅋㅋ After watching The Doll Hunter I was craving ham with hot rice so I went to the store and there they were on the ham wrapper too haha (photo)

Something like this.

In the past few days canned ham wrappers with the image of The Doll Hunter have begun to appear in supermarkets.

The instant rice and ham company promoted the program in which they included PPL.

And the interesting thing is that this company is also a close competitor with T1 frozen food.

-It seems like it was just yesterday that I was a slave to Testa T1 but now they are advertising rivals haha. It’s so funny.

└Is this the gentleman’s revenge?

That’s right. By unintentionally screwing up T1 I developed a connection with a rival company.

“Oh~ Look at this Mundaemun University. Is this company wishing they would eat some of their chicken feet?”

“Good.”

It’s not unusual for that company’s SNS manager to go there. For your information I’m really willing to eat it if you put an ad on it.

In any case in this way there seems to be a way to gradually escape from the influence of T1’s ‘I will not use Testa’.

By breaking away from the existing Testa connection which had been concentrated on T1 other companies began attracting attention.

‘It’s going smoothly.’

Bae Se-jin who had been worried that her acting activities would interfere with the team brightened up when I explained this to her as if this was good news in its own way.

‘It seems like I’m a little too enthusiastic… but that’s okay if you’re a good person.’

To be honest. The problem was more about cases where people did well and did not even know about it.

For example… the next album that is about to come back soon. This is the guy who participated in producing more than half of the songs here.

“You mean… I composed this song?!”

“…”

“Even when checking the detailed information the work time is only indicated as 21 hours. Did you really finish the work in 21 hours without moving the program?”

“…I guess so.”

“oh my god!”

Raebin Kim.

Steer Kim Rae-bin…

‘Let’s give it back quickly.’

After finishing the ‘I Listen to My Song’ listening session held by Kim Rae-bin I decided to return this guy’s memories as soon as possible and proceed with his stage rehabilitation.

I myself had no objections and was just waiting for the right moment so there was nothing to be reluctant about.

-I am very excited to see what kind of realization I have had to overcome my lack of talent and inclination to go on stage!

Steer Kim Rae-bin had originally concluded that she did not have the ability to be a performing idol.

Still he seemed to have a strange belief that he who had memories of Testa would have secured stage abilities through tremendous acting.

Perhaps because he listened to the members saying ‘You were originally good at performing on stage’ the logic in his head seemed to flow strangely and that’s how it came to be.

It was a bit of a distorted idea but let’s talk about it carefully and try to correct it.

What is important is stage rehabilitation?

‘Let’s go a little lighter right after I regain my memories.’

I set some principles.

Be simple and not overly formal.

Although there is an audience there is a low probability that it will lead to controversy even if a variable occurs.

Everyone in the audience should view the stage with a friendly and generous attitude.

finally…

-The format will be freer than the existing stage.

When I put it this way the answer came out pretty quickly.

‘There’s a candidate right now.’

This is a more natural way to do it because I contacted the abandoned industrial complex a few days ago.

I checked the KakaoTalk profile that appeared as the contact information for the ruined industrial complex once again smiled and sent a text message.

[congratulations. I heard you’re getting married.]

Their profile was a wedding photo.

It looked like the owner and his wife of the ruined industrial complex were getting married soon.

[Perhaps you need a congratulatory song?]

Testa’s congratulatory service.

I will do it for no money.
