---
title: "Chapter 521"
category: "book"
index: 520
section: "Chapter 521"
slug: "521"
---

# Chapter 521

The day when the Testa congratulatory song was confirmed after an enthusiastic welcome from the ruined industrial complex’s president and his wife.

“Oh congratulatory song it’s been a while~”

“Sejin did you sing the congratulatory song…?”

“I didn’t do it alone my high school teacher got married so I did it with all the kids!”

For reference that video was already discovered on WeTube at the beginning of its debut. It was titled ‘Congratulations to Testa Lee Se-jin haha.’

-Anyone can see that he is an idol wannabe.

-I have a different angle lol.

It became a bit of a hot topic.

Anyway as expected of these guys who became idols in their early 20s this was the end of this team’s experience singing.

me?

‘It can’t be.’

What kind of person would have sung a congratulatory song when all contact with him while preparing for the public announcement had been cut off?

I did get a call asking me to take a picture but they wanted unpaid work so I blocked them without replying.

Thanks to this preparations for this congratulatory song started with preliminary research.

As always the guys gathered in the living room enthusiastically expressed the songs that come to mind when they think of congratulatory songs.

A bright and happy song!

“How about a picnic…!”

“There are quite a few ballads in our album right?”

Various love songs included in the title song were listed as candidates.

But there wasn’t a song that I just thought ‘This is it.’

“Well everything is kind of boring.”

“I know.”

Even songs that we sang but were not ours were nominated.

“Park Moon-dae You… there’s a song you sang in &lt;The Singer I Made&gt;. It’s famous as a congratulatory song.”

“That’s okay too. But I think distributing parts will be a bit difficult.”

“…Is that so?”

Are you coming?

Of course there are other reasons as well.

‘It’s a song that became too popular for me to sing alone.’

I think there are a lot of people who are trying to compare when I sang that song all by myself and when Testa sang it as a group.

‘There’s no need to give him something to scratch.’

Recently people are trying to use Bae Se-jin to scratch Testa one after another.

I personally or one of Testa will not miss this sweet opportunity to beat him up.

In the end Bae Se-jin accepted the majority decision defeat with a slightly dissatisfied expression.

“okay.”

Every time an opinion was raised in this way it was decided to hold or reject it for various reasons.

As a result later on songs that had nothing to do with us started popping up at random.

“I want to do this!”

“Eujin let’s use this when proposing to our fans.”

In the end there was even a 30-second marriage proposal challenge song that was popular on Tic Tac Tok.

“Better song!”

“I’ll think hard…!”

The discussion became increasingly serious. Honestly I feel like I want to go this far in my congratulatory song.

‘I was thinking of doing something reasonably cute.’

In the meantime Steer Kim Rae-bin who had been trying to get some opinions out by subtly encouraging him was amazed because he was listening intently as if he thought he had no authority.

‘I guess I’ll just sing a medley.’

Fortunately after about an hour the leader like a leader sorted out the situation.

“Well wouldn’t it be okay to sing whatever song the wedding party wants?”

“ah.”

It was a very valid opinion.

It’s not like it’s someone else’s party to take a risk and say it’s a surprise. Let’s go safely.

“I will contact you right away.”

“good.”

And the congratulatory song that the couple who owned the ruined industrial complex wanted was…

[and! Hey then there’s our first collaboration song the 127 Section trailer song! I really want to hear that!]

“…”

That’s a bit much.

‘Wasn’t the lyrics something like ‘I won’t die I’ll survive’?’

If I sing it at a wedding wouldn’t it sound like I’m encouraging discord?

[Or this title is also good! ‘Roll the Dice’!]

Let’s start a fight at the wedding?

It seems that these people’s ideas have been distorted into weddings weddings and requests for songs they want to hear.

“Haha yes. wait a minute.”

I paused the call briefly turned off the sound and looked around.

The members began to desperately express their opinions.

“Among our songs there will be some that seem to celebrate couples! How about recommending something like that?”

“I know. There is no such thing.”

“why! Something like a high five… I guess it’s like we’re proposing marriage.”

“that’s right. That’s why my recommended song was rejected.”

This means that you should say no to yourself and stop thinking about choosing a song that sounds like a marriage proposal.

“…Then what song should I sing?”

There was a dizzying silence.

At that time Sun Ah-hyun raised her hand.

“Can’t I just… call you whatever you want?”

“Uh Ahyeon?”

“Even if it’s a little awkward I think these songs are the most meaningful to you two…! Because you can recall that the company you run together has achieved good results. I think you’ll be happy.”

“…”

“Oh…”

Several guys seemed to be impressed by that honest expression.

But I quickly figured it out.

This means that you’ve played around with the calculator a bit.

If we exclude everything that suits a wedding and what doesn’t…

‘It might be a hot topic.’

Isn’t there a story?

When game company CEOs get married they are congratulated by first-tier idols with the game song?

I can already hear the clicks on WeTube.

But there is no need to state this conclusion. I nodded in agreement like one of those impressed guys.

“That’s right. I want to hear it.”

There was no special backlash this time.

“Ugh!”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded with a bright face.

“So then it’s decided?”

“Yep~”

So we politely resumed our conversation with the couple who owned the ruined industrial complex.

“I will prepare one of the two songs you mentioned.”

This is the anthem they chose. Let’s take responsibility for the feeling of discomfort that it doesn’t suit the wedding.

[Really? Wait a minute… come quickly. They say it works!]

[oh my god.]

[Wow I’m already so excited! thank you!]

They were people full of will to live their lives doing what they really wanted to do.

After listening to the CEO and his wife chatting live the phone call ended amicably.

[Then see you that day!]

After hanging up the phone.

We looked at each other and nodded.

“…Shall we practice?”

okay.

A tough and intense title song by a consensus male idol.

Wedding song confirmed.

“Um… but what song is the bonus book?”

Let’s educate this guy first.

* * *

After ending the call I went back to the room and played a song that Steer Kim Rae-bin had not yet heard of among the songs that were spoken about.

This is the background song ‘Bonus book’ from the trailer video released in collaboration with &lt;127 Section&gt;.

“This is also a song I composed…”

“that’s right.”

Steer Kim Rae-bin sitting between the beds watched the trailer intently.

I naturally followed up with the title song at the time ‘Better Me’ which shares some of the melody with the collaboration song and even showed the performance.

This is Raebin Kim’s one-person fancam.

[BETTER ME to find]

Every time the rhythmic choreography followed the riff melody cheers rang out through the music.

When Kim Rae-bin wearing a mask with a zipper over his mouth tore off the mask and threw it away began to rap and exclamations rang out as if they were tearing apart.

Waaaa-!

I opened my mouth.

“Aren’t you good at it?”

“…”

Raebin Kim did not respond for a long time and looked at herself in the vertical video.

The answer came only near the end of the song.

“I’m not sure. Was my review good for this performance?”

uh. I lived while hearing that it came out of a cyberpunk comic.

However Kim Rae-bin had an ambiguous expression.

“You don’t like it?”

“I understand that the audience’s reaction is very favorable but I can’t decide if I’m doing a good job…”

hmm.

“Ah but I am indirectly aware of it by looking at the reaction!”

“okay.”

I crossed my arms.

As I remember there was basically no difference in the way the stage was operated between Steer Kim Rae-bin and Tester Kim Rae-bin.

‘If you really have to ask are tester Kim Rae-bin’s stage songs better?’

And more actively without being conscious I added ad-libs using my own movements and facial expressions.

However there is no difference to the point where you would think they are completely different people. Because we are the same person.

‘But Steer Kim Rae-bin has completely concluded that she is not good at performing and Tester Kim Rae-bin is not sure if she is good at it?’

This is what is puzzling.

Basically this guy has a very good eye for stage skills.

‘As much as he has a talent for producing he makes sharp decisions.’

It was almost cruel.

This was the attitude and ability that this guy had even before his debut in &lt;Azusa&gt;.

For example… do you know why this guy chose Bae Se-jin out of so many people in the second team match where he and I teamed up together for the first time?

At the time Bae Se-jin was a beginner who participated in the idol survival competition by crying and eating mustard due to pressure from her agency.

-It is unlikely that you will cause conflict in the team to get more parts and you are good at expressing yourself in the given parts!

In short since his skills are different he decided that he would take fewer parts but grit his teeth and properly perform the parts he received.

‘I figured out Bae Se-jin’s talent stats and persistence characteristics that were the only ones that were high.’

The performance evaluation was clear and calm.

However if this guy’s self-judgment is problematic the obsessive talk about ‘I can’t perform’ may be related to a deeper trauma than I expected.

‘As expected I’d like to talk more.’

I want to gently coax him into a deep conversation over a few days.

The problem is that Kim Rae-bin’s own intention is now firm.

“I would like to ask you to regain your memories as quickly as possible!”

hmm.

Even if you don’t give it back and ask to continue the conversation there’s a chance that it will make you anxious…

‘It must be higher.’

I finished my judgment quickly and Ongeon nodded without changing his expression.

“okay. Well then let’s do it today.”

“yes!”

I called the other guys before midnight that night.

“Do you want to return it now?”

“uh. He said he wanted to receive it before singing the congratulatory song.”

“Umm… Okay.”

Soon Raebin Kim was seated in the middle of the living room as if she was celebrating her birthday.

“Raebin Kim did you eat a lot? I’m going to bed now so eat well!”

“I’ve had enough! And I have already prepared in my own way by looking at Chungwoo’s example!”

Steer Kim Rae-bin answered quite bravely and lay down on the bedding.

“please!”

Are you coming?

After bringing up the status window I went through the two types of pop-ups and called up what I wanted.

Preview information pop-up.

I muttered while looking at it.

‘End preview.’

The hologram flashed without any significant effect.

Wow.

And at some point the unfinished interface design that was unique to the preview disappeared.

[complete!]

And then everything became quiet.

‘after.’

I took my eyes off the status window and turned my head.

Perhaps Raebin Kim is now asleep for a few hours like the others…

‘for a moment.’

Kim Rae-bin lying on the bedding had her eyes wide open.

“…?”

“Well… Moon Dae-moon University has taken care of it now right?”

uh.

We saw Raebin Kim again.

‘what.’

Raebin Kim opened his mouth.

“sorry! It seems like you were dizzy for a moment… So did Cheongwoo’s memory come back?”

“Huh?”

“Uh huh huh?”

Seeing the members all making dumb expressions for a moment Raebin Kim nodded as if he understood and quickly got up from the bedding.

“…! Brother Mundae hasn’t started yet. Are you waiting for me because I was sleepy?”

“Ravin.”

“yes?”

“What were we just doing?”

The guy answered in a slightly puzzled manner.

“…? Brother Moon Dae tried to implement something called ‘preview’.”

And everyone realized.

Raebin Kim’s memories of Testa came back… but it seems like his memories of Steer have evaporated.

Everything that steer Kim Rae-bin has experienced in the past few days!

“…”

“sorry. I will maintain a clear mind so as not to interfere with the progress any further!”

“…that is.”

I pressed my eyelids.

‘What a fucking preview…!’

* * *

A few days later.

“Congratulations.”

“Hey long time no see!”

A wedding hall located in Seoul.

A passenger who attended the wedding of a relative’s brother was secretly impressed when he saw the ceremony hall filled with strangers and the various wreaths.

‘I succeeded.’

It was a hot topic in the family that a relative who was the son of that little grandfather had become a successful game company and had even bought a building in Seoul.

Even older people who were used to computer games liked money and business.

‘Capitalism is really… ’

She a sociology major shook her head and stood in line for the congratulatory money.

Of course she had no interest in games at all so she only had the faint impression that her older brother had created some famous mobile game.

Anyway he said he made a lot of money and that definitely showed at the wedding that started.

‘You do it in a very big and unique way.’

The venue was filled with people of various young ages and company employees who seemed to have met each other through business.

And the slightly irregular progression and unique events that seemed to be taken from the game gave a fresh feeling.

‘The rice looks delicious too.’

When the guests made that decision the wedding ceremony came to a close with a very short and concise sermon.

The anthem part.

[As for the congratulatory song… after all this is a wedding for the owners of a ruined industrial complex.]

‘What are you talking about?’

She looked at the host with displeasure. Other people also had similar expressions.

The host shouted smiling nervously.

[As a congratulatory song… Idol group testers came!]

“Huhhh!?”

At that moment most of the guests including her almost jumped out of their seats.

‘What what?’

That moment when I doubted my ears as if I had heard something wrong.

[Then the congratulatory song begins.]

As I quickly turned my head to follow the lights someone came running in from the other side of the darkened ceremony hall.

“…?!”

It was a testa wearing a suit!
