---
title: "Chapter 522"
category: "book"
index: 521
section: "Chapter 522"
slug: "522"
---

# Chapter 522

Wedding halls are usually quite spacious.

However because it was filled with guests and all kinds of decoration equipment there was little actual free space.

Of course this means that the congratulatory song was performed at a place not far from the guests.

Thanks to this the guests in the front row were able to see the congratulatory singer right in front of them.

And because of the narrowness of this space some people can see the singer right in front of them even if they are not in the front row.

For example a woman from the sociology department who came to see a relative’s wedding.

Swish.

She saw tall figures turning and running right next to the outermost part of the groom’s guest room where she was sitting.

7 men.

Dressed in smartly tailored navy blue suits they passed by in an instant but their faces were unrecognizable.

A face I only saw on the screen.

‘Testa.’

The most famous male idol in this country this year.

They escaped from the flat surface and became three-dimensional moving with a greater sense of presence and reality than what was in the imagination.

The wind they generated as they ran was even enough to touch their cheeks.

‘…??’

“uh?”

“Uh oh”

A bewildering sound rang out around me.

So did she herself.

When she was unable to judge the situation properly and doubted whether this was reality.

Peeing-

The seven men who arrived at the congratulatory location in an instant grabbed the microphone and shouted without hesitation.

[I sincerely congratulate the two owners of the abandoned industrial complex on their marriage!]

There was still an ambiguous reaction mixed with sounds of surprise and cheers.

However when they grabbed the microphone they immediately smiled and spoke in a clear voice without the hesitation of an amateur.

[This is our first time singing a congratulatory song so we studied hard and we heard that the original congratulatory song is often sung by a close friend of the couple getting married.]

[yes. I hope that the two of you will continue to live happily and happily with each other.]

[It was just us? So we also prepared a congratulatory song with that feeling in mind~]

And it was only at that point that the guests finally came to their senses.

It’s a testa!

‘her…!’

The sociology woman swallowed.

She too had imagined what it would be like to see a celebrity in person.

It may or may not be better than the screen.

To conclude the facial features are equally handsome. It wasn’t awkward because they were a group famous for being very good-looking.

However the screen could not completely capture the unique atmosphere of people.

Physique appearance facial expression.

It is in a sharp and clean condition that has been painstakingly polished every day to a condition that would have been good originally.

The destructive power of all that when it comes to reality!

‘oh my god.’

What I saw right in front of me was a huge benefit.

When the wedding guest realized too late that their choice of location was crazy good.

Ryu Cheong-woo who has a solid physique smiled and changed the flow of the comment.

After mentioning how great producers and partners the two people getting married are.

[We also had the opportunity to participate in the wonderful work the two of you created together but I don’t know if you know.]

The moment those words ended moans and screams erupted from the audience as if they had a premonition of something.

‘what? ‘What are you doing?’

Until now Testa spoke as if he had a personal relationship with the couple. This means that it did not come from across the country at a request or through an agency.

and

‘Now that I think about it it looks like Testa was advertising some kind of game… ’

And before the thought was even over.

[Let’s begin!]

The accompaniment began.

The electronic guitar MR began to resonate loudly in the ceremony hall as if a bolt of lightning had struck.

“…??”

“Waaah!”

Excited screams and questions crossed the wedding hall. There were people who knew something and people who didn’t.

And at that moment the song cut through all the noise in the ceremony hall.

[I’m gonna survive-

Like you did before!]

Exhilarating high notes.

‘crazy!’

A clear high-pitched voice that I never thought I would hear at a ceremony.

All doubts disappeared in Park Moon-dae’s voice and cheers erupted.

And then there follows the introductory part that is so catchy.

[Ash to ashes dust to dust!

But NOT for me

I live like that

Legends never die!]

Cha Yu-jin narrowed her eyes and held out her hand toward the couple.

The owner and his wife couldn’t control their excitement and raised their hands!

‘Huh?’

It was then.

The huge white screen in front of the guest room lit up and a video started playing.

From the days of the abandoned factory through T1 Place to the current abandoned industrial complex.

The image cuts through the process of the CEOs staying up all night and passionately and happily creating the game.

This was the request that Park Moon-dae requested after careful consideration in response to the CEO and his wife’s words ‘Tell us whatever you need.’

-It would be nice to play a video during the meal.

A video that tells the story of two people who will become a married couple often played at weddings.

It was created with unique content by combining the unique characteristics of the presidents. However the warmth and connection were conveyed just like usual.

and.

&lt;127 Section&gt;

In the video the moment the trailer video shot by Testa passed by all the guests who were unaware of the situation realized it.

&lt;‘Bonus book’ by TeSTAR&gt;

This was a game song that the CEO and his wife put so much effort into creating together.

So it was the theme song for the president and his wife.

[That’s what keeps me alive!

I chase after you fiercely

Steps that will complete your life]

The appearance of Testa Screen’s CEO and his wife heated up the atmosphere as if creating a synergy effect.

What are the side effects of singing a congratulatory song to a very famous celebrity?

This means that the main character of the wedding can change.

A side effect is that the guests focus more on the person giving the congratulatory message than the couple getting married shouting loudly and only talking about the congratulatory message during the meal after the ceremony.

Therefore contrary to expectations singing a congratulatory song to a singer who is not only famous for the song but also for the person himself may not be as satisfying as expected.

The wedding ceremony itself is buried.

[If I reach out I can hold it.]

However there were no side effects at this ceremony venue.

What Testa sang was a song related to the chronology of the work the couple created together.

It was no different from singing a couple’s symbolic song.

Since it was even Testa’s own song the strong narrative and connection was conveyed to the audience without any discomfort.

There was definitely a reason to call Testa the celebratory singer at this wedding.

[I will never die]

Like I did before!]

Testa kept the cute flavor from becoming too serious by asking the bride and groom and even the guests to sing the rap part together.

It was a composition that went well with the festive atmosphere of the wedding.

The sense of disparity in the lyrics actually brought about joy. The story in between gave it a unique charm and depth.

[Choose your way…

Choose your side.]

[Yes choose your side!]

In addition Testa transitioned from the middle of the game song to their latest song through naturally connected lyrics.

‘Roll the Dice.’

The song of the year that gained full popularity through Water Bomb.

The fact that the couple getting married today created the game in the album with that song as the title made the relatives and acquaintances in attendance a little excited.

[Just roll the dice

[Trust take my side]

In this way Testa succeeded in perfectly celebrating the couple’s marriage with a song whose lyrics did not match.

Not as a testa performance but as a celebration stage for a wedding.

[be happy!]

The 3 minute and 30 second stage ended like a knife in accordance with the video.

Testa and his wife were showered with applause and cheers.

When the accompaniment stopped the warm sense of solidarity created by the video and song disappeared and interest in Testa itself was about to explode but by then Testa was already quickly leaving.

“Oooh!”

However people who were already holding smartphone cameras cheered with their mouths and even filmed Testa leaving.

The wedding guests who were dazedly clapping and watching the congratulatory song finally came to their senses at that moment.

‘Oh me too!’

You are the one who can take the closest picture of this!

She hurriedly lifted her smartphone and succeeded in taking a photo of Testa passing right next to her in time.

At the same time the eyes were aimed directly at the tester rather than through the smartphone screen.

‘…and.’

These were the people I saw on TV.

Cha Yu-jin smiling with her fangs slightly exposed Sun Ah-hyun with long eyelashes and red cheeks and Lee Se-jin who is cool and handsome.

Kim Rae-bin with a gorgeous and decadent look; Ryu Cheong-woo with a strong frame and handsome features; Park Moon-dae with an indifferent white face and a handsome face.

Even the neat face of Bae Se-jin who recently appeared in &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

Those handsome celebrities that only I know about attracted my attention.

‘and.’

She was so choked up with wonder and excitement that she forgot to stop filming the video and held on to her smartphone for a while.

And she wasn’t the only one in this state.

This congratulatory song filmed by dozens of guests was naturally uploaded and made public on the Internet.

-I came to an acquaintance’s wedding and a tester came out. Wow;;

* * *

[Everyone screams when they realize who the singer is]

[Testa suddenly invades the wedding]

[Today’s crazy Testa anthem]

Internet users were initially taken aback by the sudden influx of short videos and news without warning but these titles were too interesting to ignore.

‘What is it?’

And if you click you will suddenly be caught in the back of your head by Testa who is passionately singing the game song with electric accompaniment and the bride and groom waving their hands excitedly during the congratulatory song.

[I’m gonna survive-]

As always the video provided objectivity so that it could be viewed from a third party’s perspective somewhat distant from the actual participants.

This means that there were many people who burst into laughter as soon as this congratulatory song started.

-What is this hahahahahahahahaha

-ㅋㅋㅋㅋ The sense of disconnect was crazy.

-Wow that must have been fun really.

-I can see the bosses are excited haha.

Testa singing the conceptual lyrics in front of both parents at the wedding and the wedding party responding like a concert couldn’t have been so much fun!

The situation became more interesting when it became known that the couple were the owners of a ruined industrial complex and the relationship between them and Testa.

-Wow that couple is amazing too. How did they endure it without talking about it haha?

└ㄹㅇDoggi Legend is the only way to succeed in business.

-The secret was well kept and the wedding ceremony was done neatly without sacrificing anything. Congratulations on your wedding owners of the ruined factory.

People who didn’t know that it was just a hasty decision about a week ago praised the couple’s patience.

And by the time the aggravation of the humorous and unique incident itself reaches its peak and I have regained my composure something else comes into play.

It’s skill.

-He’s shameless and good at it.

-Wow the singer is a real singer. Look at how he breaks through the sound.

-It’s really amazing that the stage is fun even without choreography.

Because it was a raw video without any editing the skill felt more realistic.

The shaky video taken by an amateur with a smartphone brought out the realism.

It was even worse because of all the small talk among the guests but there were some regrets.

The point is that there are almost no videos like music broadcasts where you can see Testa’s stage clearly.

It was natural but it was unusual to find comments like this.

-Are you without conscience if you ask for high-definition fancams?

-Please give me high resolution so I can clear my conscience.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

└Please bosses let it go. Didn’t they film a wedding video? ㅜㅜ

└Oh please don’t do this in other people’s wedding videos. I think it’s the truth.

Fortunately it ended with proper internal crackdowns.

And among these ‘overreactions’ there were actually good things.

For example something like this.

-Bae Se-jin also showed up? hmm…

-I heard it’s harsh to see someone who is busy filming even ordering a congratulatory song for an acquaintance who can easily miss it haha.

└We haven’t even started filming season 2… Are you from the future?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

└He said he was filming it in his head anyway.

The aggro players who were trying to take advantage of Bae Se-jin somehow ended up overdoing it so their intentions were clearly visible.

Once an opinion becomes embarrassing or funny it completely loses its appeal. Therefore speculation about Bae Se-jin’s activities temporarily died down.

-Wow it was on the Bonus Book music chart.

-Seeing our kids’ old songs being rediscovered like this makes me think that this is a group that will last for a long time and will not go out of style. Let’s go together for a long time as a group of 7.

Everything looked good.

Fans loved the natural happy stress-free rice cake and had fun for several days.

It was the perfect content to have a little fun while waiting for the comeback!

-Guys make a comeback… I miss you even more after watching this! Haha

But none of them knew.

The very reason Testa planned this anthem was frustrated.

[…ah]

[Yeah Fate is a fake!]

There was almost silence without any sound coming out of Raebin Kim’s mouth as he listened to the microphone.

Thanks to Cha Yu-jin and Lee Se-jin who quickly came in the moment they saw that hardened figure the rap part was handled cheerfully like singing in unison.

They were the only ones who noticed more than that.

* * *

“My voice didn’t come out.”

“yes.”

Raebin Kim nodded with a pale face.

“Suddenly… I became tense for no reason and my voice stopped coming out.”

In the car on the way back after finishing the congratulatory song. I pressed my temples.

Not being able to perform on stage.

The symptoms that steer Kim Rae-bin had did not go away.
