---
title: "Chapter 523"
category: "book"
index: 522
section: "Chapter 523"
slug: "523"
---

# Chapter 523

Raebin Kim was unable to perform on stage.

However (probably) the reason for this is that the steer days have already flown out of my head.

‘I’m going to be amazed.’

What on earth can you say to someone who has no memory? First of all I sent him back to his room to tell him not to worry too much and to get some rest as it might be due to fatigue.

But everyone knew this was bullshit.

‘What kind of fatigue is freezing?’

Then it should have happened during my debut when I was sleeping three hours a day. No matter how you look at it this is a trace of steer Kim Rae-bin.

The good news is that there was a member of the same age here who would have spent the most time with the person involved.

And it just so happened that he didn’t have any dinner plans so he stayed at the dorm.

“Tell me everything you suspect happened to Ravin during the steer.”

Let’s shake it off.

Cha Yu-jin who had been called to the kitchen instead of pouting at my question had a serious expression on her face.

It seems like this guy also had some concerns after seeing this situation.

“A lot of things happened. But Kim Rae-bin was fine. [Of course he wasn’t as happy as he is now. However there was no extreme despair or mental issues.]”

“hmm.”

It was a quite unexpected answer.

-Raebin Kim was fine during his steer days. (Cha Yu-jin’s testimony)

“So at least as far as you remember Steer Kim Rae-bin also had no objection to the stage?”

“that’s right.”

Cha Yu-jin nodded and frowned.

“I asked Raebin Kim a lot of questions a few days ago. However Kim Rae-bin only said that she couldn’t perform on stage. [Sometimes it felt like he didn’t even know the cause.]”

An investigation was conducted before Steer Kim Rae-bin’s memory disappeared but the investigation was unsuccessful.

I nodded.

That’s good testimony.

“Then it’s simple.”

“What?”

“Now look.”

I marked it with my finger on the table.

“The last time you saw Raebin Kim during your Steer days was when you went to America right after the group disbanded.”

“that’s right.”

Cha Yu-jin’s trip to America.

I put a dot there and kept my finger straight.

“But Kim Rae-bin whose memories came back from Steer was a guy who had even experienced military service. I remember what happened after you went to America.”

“…Yep.”

Just as Cha Yu-jin worked at a repair shop in the United States and Lee Se-jin A finally won the case Kim Rae-bin also experienced something more during that period.

“The only difference from the steer Kim Rae-bin you remember is this period.”

-Period after the group disbanded.

I said shaking my hands.

“So the problem arose after you went to America.”

“Oh.”

In other words the short period from the disbandment of the steer to the completion of the training center comes into question.

‘Of course this is under the assumption that Cha Yu-jin had a good understanding of Kim Rae-bin’s condition during the steer.’

I think this assumption is extremely likely to be correct.

Cha Yu-jin is a very perceptive person. The problem is that you don’t use that awareness.

‘But it would have been a situation where I had no choice but to use it during steer.’

In extreme situations humans can show signs of intelligence that they didn’t normally have but people who are already smart will do so even more.

However if this guy says about a member of the same group and a close friend of the same age that ‘there was no mental problem’ it means that there really was no problem.

Cha Yu-jin who was listening also obediently acknowledged it.

“OK. So what do we do?”

He doesn’t seem to have any doubt that I have the answer. Thank you.

I nodded and opened my mouth at once like always.

“You should think about that now.”

“…What?”

“Let’s think about it based on this information.”

You too pay attention.

After assigning the work to Cha Yu-jin who was embarrassed I returned to the room.

For your information Kim Rae-bin the roommate who was unable to perform on stage was banging his head on the desk.

‘I told him to rest.’

It looks like it is stretched rather than resting.

The guy wearing headphones with a rabbit and energy drink engraved on them that he received from a fan at the beginning of his debut didn’t move at all.

“…”

It looks like it’s scared or dispirited.

‘What a mess.’

I need to resolve this quickly. I sat down on my bed.

Well… In fact Cha Yu-jin said that there was no solution that immediately came to mind but in fact there was.

It was a way to go as far as saying ‘We will do it after agreement’ so we were just aiming for good timing rather than saying it right away.

Force digging into the system.

I rubbed my chin.

‘I think if I dig I’ll find something.’

If I access the system one more time like when I discovered Lee Se-jin A…

[Wow don’t even dream bro!]

“…”

No… when did you hear that? It pops up before I can say anything.

I closed my mouth when I saw the big moon pop up.

what. Even if I felt uncomfortable since I was taking Ryu Geon-woo’s body and connecting with him instead I didn’t have anything to say.

‘But since I completed the first attempt safely I think I can do it even more safely this time.’

I responded as calmly as possible.

The pop-up didn’t respond for a while but then suddenly popped up.

[I’ll try it then so please wait a moment!]

what?

What does this mean again?

‘Big moon.’

But there was no answer. It seemed like this guy had accessed my system.

‘No I can do it so why do I make you do it?’

The cleanest thing to do is to be done by someone who has done this before.

I called the guy a few more times but as expected there was no answer.

‘Damn it.’

I closed the call with a bitter smile on my face. If you’re connected anyway if you disturb it for no reason you could end up X so let’s leave it at that for now.

Since he has a high level of understanding of the system as he has lived through the status window he may receive unexpected income.

‘Should I do something else first?’

I immediately turned my head and opened my mouth.

“Ravin.”

“Yes yes!”

Kim Rae-bin who had been resting his head on the desk suddenly lifted his head.

I’m comfortable with this because I’m a roommate.

I said ‘I really don’t remember anything. Let’s think back to the situation at the time of the performance to see if anything comes to mind.’ Instead of saying things like etc. I said this.

“Let’s take a look at the work.”

“yes?”

I asked the guy to open the hard disk as if I was trying to punish him.

Raebin Kim nodded with a dumbfounded expression.

“These 7 songs are the ones I worked on recently.”

On the heavy laptop screen he held out several files were open through a composition program.

I got some extra headphones from him and started listening to the song.

“thanks.”

“no! I wonder why you want to listen to the song…”

I glanced at his complexion.

Nervous anxious confused.

‘I’m conscious of fear that stage-related stories will come out.’

In this situation what really brings the story out is the handshake.

So I responded casually.

“I was curious. Lately I feel like I haven’t been paying much attention to producing.”

And then he smiled slightly.

“It’s nice to be able to listen comfortably since we’re roommates.”

“brother…”

The guy who said ‘No you paid enough attention’ seemed quite impressed.

This means that it was successful in diverting attention.

‘good.’

Even after listening to the guy’s explanation including listening to the seven songs repeatedly to understand their structure I pressed the play button again several times.

It was to kill time.

“Oh~ Do you listen to Mundaemundae Ravin’s song?”

“What are the members doing? Let’s do it together!”

As I listened to it repeatedly the guys who had just come out of their rooms to wash up and the guys who had finished their schedules were joining in and watching it together.

Seeing that there were people who didn’t necessarily want to come it was clear that they came because they were worried about Kim Rae-bin and sat down to see the atmosphere and encourage him.

“Now then let’s play number 3~”

“Ugh!”

Clap clap clap.

And in this sudden atmosphere of the listening party Kim Rae-bin finally began to feel nervous in a different way.

Soon a soft ballad song with a leisurely and good rhythm smoothly filled the room.

After listening Liu Chengwu smiled and said to the guy.

“This song is really good Ravin. I think the melody is especially good.”

“thank you! This is a demo version in which I composed the top line first and then composed a beat that matches the melody…”

Finally I can react immediately without conscious awareness.

After a few songs had passed and I had confirmed that his nervousness had disappeared I took action.

“Oh Ravin~ You’ve been using those headphones for a long time? How about taking a picture of what you wrote and uploading it to your account?”

While Keun Se-jin was talking to Kim Rae-bin I grabbed the laptop mouse again and opened the screen explorer.

What Raebin Kim showed us earlier was a folder containing the latest songs. 7 songs were selected here.

‘But when I sorted all the files in the folder by most recent… there was one more song among the 7 songs.’

-62_06.wav

This is it.

I asked Raebin Kim a question as if something occurred to me while looking at the file.

“Did you make song number 6 this time too? The save date is recent.”

“Oh that’s… I think it was a song I made when I had no memory of it.”

“iced coffee.”

It means that it was made when there were only memories of Steer Kim Rae-bin.

Actually I already knew.

‘I checked all the file creation dates.’

It was just that period.

But I naturally nodded.

“I don’t remember making it so it must have been awkward to introduce it. Still I think I’ve heard of it.”

“Yes it is saved on my PC so of course I went through the verification process!”

I asked the guy who quickly nodded.

“Was there a part in this song where you thought ‘If I had made it it wouldn’t have been made like this?’ Regardless of whether the song is good or bad in terms of composition method.”

At that moment the other guys who were talking quietly silently noticed. It seems that even the guys who were usually not very tactful were able to use their senses because the situation was so bad. Well done.

Kim Rae-bin’s face became more serious for a moment as if he was lost in thought but he soon opened his eyes and answered.

“ah! Actually I felt a sense of discomfort.”

“okay?”

“The song seemed like it was made with the members of our group in mind but I didn’t have any parts!”

“uh?”

At that moment Bae Se-jin could not stand it anymore and intervened.

“What does that mean?”

“So… When composing a song with the owner of the song decided I tend to write while being conscious of the characteristics of each performer.”

Raebin Kim explained diligently.

“This song seems to have been made in a similar way… but there are no parts that seem to be assigned to me!”

Bae Se-jin stiffened his expression.

“So… I think this song was written for Testa but you’re the only one who doesn’t have a part?”

“According to my analysis yes.”

Raebin Kim nodded.

“So I guessed that the person who made it in the first place… had no intention of performing it on stage…”

“…”

Raebin Kim seems to have made this assumption when she was banging her head on the desk earlier.

‘hmm.’

I looked at the file on the screen again.

Steer Kim Rae-bin clearly tried to find memories from his Testa days in order to ‘perform again and contribute to this team.’

In this situation wouldn’t they have tried to create a group song assuming that they would perform on stage after regaining their memories?

‘At least I wouldn’t have tried.’

If so this means that Kim Rae-bin tried to add her own part to the song but failed.

In other words it’s not that he ‘didn’t’ do his part but his aversion to the stage was so strong and determined that he ‘couldn’t’ do it.

‘…’

I held back a sigh. I was complacent.

Everyone was relatively less worried because steer Kim Rae-bin was trying his hand at composing music and seemed to be adapting well to the team but in fact it might have been him who was the most worried.

‘I guess I’ll have to take a more delicate approach.’

I deliberately spoke calmly and leisurely to Raebin Kim.

“Anyway you want to perform on stage now.”

“Of course!”

Raebin Kim answered at once. I smiled faintly.

“Then that’s enough. There are seven people and if we try there will be at least one thing that works.”

I tapped Big Sejin on the shoulder. Backup arrived quickly.

“Ah then~ The most important thing about this kind of mental thing is what you think you want to do! Ravin the conditions have been met right Ahyun?”

“Ugh that’s right…! I hope you don’t worry too much.”

“…! Yes thank you!”

Kim Rae-bin’s complexion brightened as if he felt a little relieved.

And I thought. I need to quickly find this guy’s memories first.

But that night

[There is no memory data bro!]

I almost hit my head on the head of the bed.

‘No?’

[Yes… I went to the terminal you mentioned but it wasn’t there.]

Holy shit.

As I cursed at the system a small pop-up appeared as if I was depressed.

[sorry. Maybe I’m not able to find it because I lack the ability…]

No that won’t be it.

‘This is definitely not a guy you would have found casually.’

If there is no big moon even after going this far there is a high probability that it really does not exist.

then…

If that memory had not returned to the system

-The memory of steer Kim Rae-bin will still be with me.

At that moment realization came.

I was mistaken.

Because it was a ‘preview’ I thought Raebin Kim’s memories of his time as a steer were also recovered into the system the moment the function ended.

‘But that wasn’t it.’

It was said that Raebin Kim during his steer days was absorbed into himself and was not coming out.

“…”

I sat down on the bed and reviewed my reasoning and thought process a few times before finally coming to a conclusion.

‘You have to knock on the door to the guy who is locked in his room.’

I needed stimulation.

* * *

After not being able to perform the congratulatory song properly.

Raebin Kim continued to worry while resting in his room at the dorm.

‘What exactly is the cause?’

About the reasonable reason why he suffered from extreme stiffness on stage.

In fact he tried several solutions during these two days.

He received gentle recommendations from Bae Se-jin and Sun A-hyeon for expert consultations and Ryu Cheong-woo encouraged him to accompany him in physical leisure activities such as shooting or mountaineering.

But none of that could relieve his anxiety. It’s okay during practice so you won’t know until you actually start playing.

So Kim Rae-bin who became even more obsessed with the cause speculated in a slightly depressed state.

‘Maybe the problem is that I don’t remember.’

I even remember Cha Yu-jin!

Park Moon-dae dismissed him saying ‘It’s just a matter of method’ but when this situation came up Kim Rae-bin couldn’t help but worry and reflect.

However he also knew that the more he thought about it too deeply the more he would be swallowed up by it so he tried not to be too obsessed with the stage itself.

Because I already had experience.

‘It’s a similar situation to when I had a previous compositional slump.’

Kim Rae-bin who was playing with the composition program nodded resolutely.

Then it suddenly occurred to me.

‘Wait a moment to compose?’

At that moment a light exploded like fireworks in Raebin Kim’s head!

If this situation is similar to a songwriting slump how about responding similarly?

This means enjoying the stage solely as a hobby while remaining anonymous.

‘At that time with the help of my brothers I even created an account called Byeolbyeolgok!’

When I thought about the situation at that time a warm feeling came to my heart.

It was hope and happiness.

In a slightly flushed state he got up to convey his reasoning and found his roommate Park Moon-dae who happened to be right next to him…

“I was going to say it anyway but it worked out. I’m talking about this album teaser.”

“yes?”

“How about making an intro song and adding it? As short as I can do it within the current period.”

Sometimes Testa put a lot of effort into creating a detailed worldview in the teaser but sometimes he didn’t.

This time I thought of the latter and gave strength to the album itself.

However adding an intro now may mean that work is becoming too much but for now Raebin Kim nodded willingly.

Brother Mundae’s plans always worked out well!

“I’m good! As this is a video introducing the album we will organize it well so that each element and member can appear harmoniously.”

And this time he was planning to bring up his own business but…

“no. You will do it alone.”

“…??”

“The intro to this album is your solo song.”

Kim Rae-bin couldn’t believe his ears but Park Moon-dae was still smiling faintly.

“Make the song you want to sing.”

Kim Rae-bin’s eyesight became distant!
