---
title: "Chapter 524"
category: "book"
index: 523
section: "Chapter 524"
slug: "524"
---

# Chapter 524

Raebin Kim has been creating songs of various genres since the spring of 14 when she first started composing music.

This is because he had nothing to choose and found something attractive in every genre.

-Ravin the classical music major I talked to the teacher about yesterday… has been composing disco?!

-… I’m sorry Ravin but you really composed all of your portfolio right?

A level of inclusiveness that shocked everyone who taught or scouted him!

Even in those days when perfection was lacking due to a lack of theory it was not dull and had a strong individuality.

And after going through a transitional period where he only cared about the completeness of the song itself he finally began to pay attention to external factors that he could not directly control.

-Who will call?

I compose music with the singer in mind.

It has become commercially viable.

And Kim Rae-bin went through the process happily.

As if putting together the puzzle of a famous painting to create an exquisite painting the song for the ‘caller’ was created through delicate processes and adjustments.

That felt very attractive to Raebin Kim.

I have never disliked it even once.

But the problem is… the singer has never been the only singer!

A song that only considers oneself!

‘What should I do?’

Kim Rae-bin was completely embarrassed.

Of course it wasn’t his first time recording his own solo song.

In Testa’s full-length album &lt;Chakho Gapsa&gt; which includes the title song ‘Travel’ the majority of the songs on the album were each member’s solo songs.

However not only Kim Rae-bin but also five or six other producers participated and it was only a part of the organic connection between each song on the album.

So it was no different from composing a long symphony and allocating one movement of it to oneself.

This meant that he had never been in charge of the entire intro to an album like this.

The only clues are the words of trusted members!

-How about writing about what you felt while making this album?

It was advice from Park Moon-dae who has always been my guide.

‘…good!’

If so we will create a song that will meet the group’s expectations!

Kim Rae-bin made a firm determination.

The fact that his brother had entrusted the teaser to him was completely ignored.

Meanwhile his goal of not focusing on stage fear was unconsciously being achieved smoothly.

-First step\: preliminary research.

Raebin Kim first focused on the fact that this intro song would be the song that would introduce the group’s album.

Collecting diverse opinions from members felt like a necessity.

So we started visiting the members who had the least amount of time at the dorm first because they had a lot of schedules recently.

“…What impressions did I get? Why is that?”

This is Bae Se-jin.

After completing his schedule for &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; he was asked a survey while drinking orange juice.

He reflexively responded a little hesitantly but soon his expression changed to that of regret.

“No it’s not that I don’t want to answer I’m just asking an innocent question! Purely!”

“…? Yes I understand!”

Kim Rae-bin who was never offended in the first place simply continued to ask the question she wanted to ask.

-Collecting members’ impressions of this album!

However Bae Se-jin who was trying to put on a friendly face as much as possible returned with a cold expression and answered like this.

“Park Moon-dae told me to express what I felt. I also sympathize. Don’t be influenced by me.”

Bae Se-jin left for the bathroom after hitting Juice with one shot.

“…??”

Raebin Kim was embarrassed!

‘Failure…?’

However he did not give in and was able to find the next target.

“What are you looking for Ravin? Why are you standing here~”

It was Lee Se-jin who returned home after completing his personal workout.

He listened to Kim Rae-bin’s explanation of what had just happened and immediately burst into laughter.

“Hahaha! Oh my… Ravin must have been surprised!”

He was inwardly chuckling at the lack of tact of a member with the same name but soon smoothly comforted Raebin Kim.

Raebin Kim began to reveal her hardships without even realizing it.

“As this is a song that introduces the group’s album I thought it should reflect the entire group’s perspective. If it were just my thoughts it wouldn’t turn out to be too peripheral…”

“Ah~ I think it will be okay because Ravin has such good sense.”

These were not empty words.

This is because Kim Rae-bin boasted an outstanding sense in everything related to art.

Lee Se-jin glanced at Kim Rae-bin’s current attire and even remembered her younger brother’s usual civilian clothes.

He had a unique sense of being able to match and wear outfits that would have been excessive or embarrassing if they were just one inch off.

‘This isn’t something you can learn.’

The public called it hip.

Even though he didn’t have much tact in interpersonal relationships he was a very talented younger brother who more than made up for it.

‘I’m quietly praying.’

He’s a stubborn guy and won’t run away.

Sejin Lee grinned after completing the evaluation.

“And anyway when it’s all over we’ll all give feedback together~ So for now let’s do whatever Lavin wants to do comfortably!”

“…All right.”

And as Lee Se-jin expected Kim Rae-bin seriously decided to focus only on herself.

‘As expected just like the last time with ‘Star Songs’ all you have to do is think about fun songs!’

“…So I concluded that I could just make it as a hobby.”

“Oh.”

That night.

Kim Rae-bin sat at the kitchen table and chatted with Cha Yu-jin about her situation so far while working.

Cha Yu-jin who had finally received grilled bulgogi rice balls from Park Moon-dae as a late-night snack was devouring them in one go.

The soft rice was soaked in sesame oil and bulgogi broth and grilled to a savory taste like nurungji which was excellent.

However after hearing Kim Rae-bin’s conclusion he licked the rice paste from his fingers and snorted.

“Kim Raebin I was mistaken.”

what?

“I was mistaken?”

“okay! This is different from my hobby.”

Cha Yu-jin grinned.

“Kim Raebin I’m not just making songs right now. We need to make a performance introducing our album.”

“…!”

“That’s why it’s important that our fans like it.”

Even the composition of the video concept.

Raevin Kim has to consider many things and produce extremely commercial results.

‘I hope the fans will like it… ’

He was deep in thought and Cha Yu-jin asked thoughtfully instead of picking up the last rice ball.

“Kim Raebin how did you originally make the album for us?”

Raebin Kim answered without hesitation.

“We created this song so that each person can utilize their own characteristics and strengths to the fullest.”

Cha Yu-jin grinned.

“Do it again this time! The fans loved that!”

‘ah.’

That’s right.

‘I have to make a song that I can express properly.’

Raebin Kim found a clear goal as if his mind was clearing.

It was an essential question that finally arrived.

-What are my characteristics and strengths as a singer?

And if we go a little further here.

Finally a fundamental question arises.

-Who am I as a performer?

Raebin Kim realized that he would be creating the intro from here.

So we moved on to the next step.

* * *

-Second step\: Conceiving the work.

A work full of what Raebin Kim is good at.

First of all I thought Raebin Kim had a good grasp of what she was good at on stage.

He had good delivery skills and was good at interpreting and expressing songs as well as creating unusual wow points.

‘Nevertheless I suddenly became unable to perform well on stage… ’

If so there are other factors that have not yet been figured out.

‘After all it’s a memory.’

He had a strong feeling that he would be able to properly assemble this work only by considering his lost memory steer Kim Rae-bin.

However there seemed to be a long way to revive missing memories within a short period of time.

‘Mundae looked embarrassed too… ’

So he decided to take an indirect approach.

A member who had memories of Steer until recently.

And to the extremely trustworthy leader of this group.

“…What was it like on stage when you were a steer?”

“Yes.”

“…”

living room. Ryu Cheong-woo who was reading a book borrowed from Bae Se-jin kept smiling instead of answering.

And answered slowly.

“Good job. It wasn’t much different from now.”

“But if you have the time would you mind if I ask you to explain in more detail?”

“…”

If it had been another member he wouldn’t have bothered to ask Ryu Cheong-woo this question.

Liu Chengwu didn’t want to talk much about his steer days so he said ‘It’s embarrassing. Sorry.’ This is because the situation has already been resolved to that extent.

It was an implicit request not to mention it again in the future.

However Kim Rae-bin’s memories of Ryu Cheong-woo had disappeared at that time and he was not a great person who could notice the other person’s subtle discomfort.

So in the end I ended up getting a specific answer from Ryu Cheong-woo.

“Specifically… At that time the company wanted to give each member a clear character on stage.”

What Raebin Kim immediately thought of when he heard the character was a picture engraved on one of his main headphones.

rabbit.

“Do you mean like animal characters that fans call?”

“Similar but not that specific.”

Liu Chengwu added briefly.

“Someone always takes charge of the bridge and someone always stands in the center in the chorus… That’s it. Hair dye and glasses were mainly done only by certain members.”

If Park Moon-dae had heard it he would have dismissed it as ‘a clumsy attempt to divide children into types according to demand’ but the two people who did not know such specific vocabulary simply nodded in understanding.

“I heard a similar story from my previous agency. It is an abstract image that is different from positions such as dance vocal and rap.”

“okay.”

Ryu Cheong-woo who responded briefly saw Rae-bin Kim waiting for a more specific answer and eventually continued slowly until his next sentence.

“And you… Ravine has played a lot of roles on stage that are slightly darker and flashier than now.”

“Is that so?”

“okay. I got a lot of impactful parts.”

To be honest when I heard that story I didn’t really think ‘I don’t have the ability to digest that.’

However considering it logically Kim Rae-bin nodded.

“Then there is a possibility that I ended up avoiding the stage because I wasn’t able to perform my part well!”

“…”

Liu Chengwu was silent for a moment but then shook his head.

“No you did well.”

“yes?”

“Don’t doubt it for nothing just think like that. Okay?”

The strange tone may have sounded a bit forceful but it soon ended in a gentle tone.

“Ah… I understand.”

Raebin Kim nodded and stood up.

This is because Ryu Cheong-woo looked uncomfortable to the extent that even Kim Rae-bin who is not very good at recognizing ‘turning around’ could tell.

‘I think you’re tired. Let’s get up now.’

Moreover after Liu Qingwu he had already thought of the person he would ask about this matter in more detail.

“Since my brother was a fan of Steer I thought he must have appreciated my performance. Was it really dark and glamorous?”

“…”

“brother?”

‘I wasn’t a fan.’

Park Moon-dae wanted to close his eyes tightly.

However I did not reveal it because it would be of no use to say so now anyway since it would only scratch the surface of the main issue.

Instead he spoke dryly.

“Well it was kind of like that. But it suited me.”

Kim Rae-bin became a little confused by Park Moon-dae’s comment which swallowed up the previous statement ‘You did well in that shit environment.’

‘You didn’t avoid the stage because you couldn’t do it?’

“But why is that?”

Raebin Kim answered honestly even in the midst of confusion.

“For some reason I had a feeling that I would have to consider the memories of that time.”

“That’s possible.”

Instead of scolding Park Moon-dae nodded calmly.

And he spoke in an unusually soft tone.

“But what you are making now is the intro to the Testa album. I think it’s more important to focus on you who lived as a testa.”

“…!”

“Right now think about what you want to do and what you are good at.”

That was… correct.

Could it be that he has become so accustomed to inspiration triggered by small clues that he has become obsessed with details?

“I’m not saying that what you’re doing is wrong so don’t misunderstand.”

“yes…”

In the end Raebin Kim had no choice but to end the day’s proceedings without being able to ask any more questions.

He went back to his bedroom and thought to himself.

‘What I want to do… ’

And then I fell asleep.

It was probably after midnight when he came to his senses again.

‘uh… ’

Kim Rae-bin who was closing and opening his eyes with a hazy vision suddenly realized that the bed next to him was empty.

‘…Mundae hyung?’

He reflexively got out of bed and tried to quietly walk out the door.

It was then.

“What you answered.”

A voice was heard outside the door.

It was Park Moon-dae’s voice that disappeared from the bed.

“…?”

Raebin Kim reflexively stopped and peeked his head out of the door to see the voice.

“That’s not all.”

“…”

Dark living room.

Indirect lighting cast faint shadows on the faces of the two people sitting.

Moon-Dae Park.

And Liu Chengwu.

“After Steer disbanded you were the only one who knew Kim Rae-bin’s whereabouts. Because Cha Yu-jin was in the US and Bae Se-jin was at the trial.”

“…”

“And… you must have been overly responsible at the time so I think you would have checked your condition.”

Park Mun-dae continued speaking calmly.

“What happened to Ravin at that time?”

Raebin Kim held his breath.

An unfathomable silence remained deep in the living room.

and

“that’s right.”

Liu Chengwu answered lowly in a harsh voice.

“You saw what I told you not to see.”

At that moment something flooded Raebin Kim’s mind.

“…!”

Images began to flow in as if a dam had broken and water was bursting through the cracks.

It was a memory.

* * *

It started with a single sentence displayed on the screen.

-You look like a deep-rooted bastard
