---
title: "Chapter 525"
category: "book"
index: 524
section: "Chapter 525"
slug: "525"
---

# Chapter 525

Steer Kim Rae-bin’s life wasn’t bad.

Of course his group suffered from bad news and he was unable to create or produce his own songs in the direction he wanted.

It weighed heavily on my heart and sometimes caused insomnia.

However Raebin Kim had a family to whom she could tell them and on nights when her schedule was not full she would usually talk on the phone on the veranda.

-You don’t have to worry too much Lavin. Originally all social life was like that. People who are new to society cannot do what they want.

His older sister often comforted him by citing examples of similar situations she was in and added words of encouragement at the end.

-As time passes you will have another opportunity to do what you want.

And Kim Rae-bin believed those words.

He ended the call with thanks and greetings and carefully returned to his room from the veranda.

Then sometimes I got pointed out.

“Don’t stay out too long.”

“sorry.”

Ryu Cheong-woo just nodded and passed by and Kim Rae-bin who was nervous often breathed a sigh of relief.

‘But it’s not bad.’

Raebin Kim was good at finding the good in any situation.

“Raebin Kim sleep quickly!”

“You too go to sleep quickly.”

In this group there was a friend of the same age who had been a trainee with him since he was a teenager. For some reason it was a pleasure for him who had difficulty getting close to his peers.

And once you debuted didn’t you get the experience of experiencing various stages and releasing songs?

‘Overall my situation is something to be thankful for.’

Thinking like that he did not sink into depression or despair like some other members but continued his activities as best he could.

The next few years passed by as if they would never end and soon they came to an end as clean as a lie.

Group disbandment.

-Goodbye Cha Yujin.

Burnout a feeling of exhaustion was something Raebin Kim could not avoid. It was only natural after 5 years of hard work and hard work.

However Raebin Kim was not buried.

‘Let’s rest a little and carry out the plan!’

This is because he has already decided on a new career path.

Singer-songwriter!

Even though Steer came to an end after a not-so-good career there was enough room to go on a small tour and sell hundreds of thousands of albums.

With the money I saved there even excluding what I sent home I could have invested in equipment and set up a decent studio.

‘And if I get the chance I’d like to try working with a song I made the way I wanted.’

There were countless things I had yet to try. You will be able to move forward further!

With that in mind Raebin Kim returned to Gangwon-do and blended into his peaceful daily life.

By then he was recovering slowly.

-Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: Are you doing well?

The same thing happened about 15 days later when I received a text message from the older person who was the leader of the group.

‘ah.’

Raebin Kim reflexively straightened his spine and tried to maintain a tense state but realized that there was no need for him to do so and forced himself to relax.

‘yes. I’m doing well. While writing a text message saying ‘Thank you for asking… ’ he suddenly realized that he could now freely use his smartphone.

To be exact the Internet.

-Rule 3\: Do not access SNS without permission.

During the group’s activities Ryu Cheong-woo monitored his teammates like a boarding school with strict discipline so naturally Kim Rae-bin lived a life away from the Internet for several years.

And it continued until now.

I didn’t have much interest in it to begin with and I only occasionally used it to post songs anonymously on the platform so I didn’t feel much inconvenience.

But that was the group rule.

‘Isn’t this applicable now?’

This is because the steer has already been dismantled.

Logically there were no loopholes. The reason you feel repulsed by this situation is simply because of your own fears and learned inhibitions.

He almost became a little depressed but soon regained his sense of purpose.

‘good!’

Raebin Kim first sent a polite reply to Ryu Cheongwoo.

And although he was a little hesitant he started searching his name on social media to get feedback.

-You look handsome today too (photo) #Raebin Kim

-King Ravin… Black Rabbit Emperor (Video)

-I miss Ravinㅠㅠ

Articles written during the last period of activity and affectionate messages about people who were unable to tell what they were up to recently poured in.

Although he almost felt a little dizzy he looked at the writings with curiosity and gratitude.

‘There are still a lot of fans on social media.’

The ability to search for accounts that were already dead or inactive had disappeared due to several years of distancing.

He looked at popular posts on social media a few times using search terms containing only his real name but soon remembered another method and changed tabs.

‘Let’s look at various places.’

And the moment you searched your name on a search engine.

‘…?’

He saw an unusual text on the first page.

-… Kim Rae-bin Cha Yu-jin Min Jeong-hoon Steer T1 V-Tik Mirinae T-holic…

It was a text that seemed to have all sorts of group names and people’s names added at random.

‘Why is it structured like this?’

Raebin Kim clicked on the article without thinking. Then the page changes and moves to a new search engine.

“…!”

It was a gossip bulletin board.

In a place that was a hotbed of all kinds of rumors during the time of &lt;Azusa&gt; an article that had been posted a few weeks ago and was ranked high appeared before Raebin Kim’s eyes.

———————

[The steer was dismantled]

(article capture)

During Azusa I thought there would be a really great guy but somehow I feel a bit disappointed.

———————

And I realized why the strange structure of the writing was like that.

The post which had hundreds of comments was covered in keywords to be searched.

He inadvertently lowered his gaze to the best comment.

and.

Long sentences with crazy pros and cons filled his field of vision.

-The problem with Steer is that they pushed a concept producing member who wasn’t even

-There was a lot of controversy but I think it’s true that the biggest problem was planning. Anyway I hope all the members live well.

-Planning power=producing and there is only one member who participated in producing. This is the end of the explanation.

-Push Grinder Kim Renen LOL

“…”

Raebin Kim was not good at guessing the intentions of people who were speaking back.

However the language rules and described features could be sufficiently analyzed and distinguished.

So I noticed it.

-You look like a deep-rooted bastard

It was a story about myself.

Raebin Kim forgot to breathe and started checking related information.

-It really made me sigh when I saw how we made the song together and focused on the G part every time.

-Every time you act like you’re the humble youngest on TV it’s really… haha you either get a push or something during that time. It’s not like that but people who become addicted to you after watching the stage also pretend to be greedy and don’t have a fun personality so they all seem to have defected.

-I vomited every time I saw the evil-eyed bastards doing the lifting but it was better that they dismantled it. I hope I never see it again.

-He must be embarrassed to see that there is no news haha.

Comments with a similar tone were posted as the latest comments until a few hours ago as if they couldn’t bear it anymore and were vomiting it out.

-Ah I feel refreshed. I finally realized that muggles are like this guy.

-I was annoyed at being treated like an abusive person but I feel like justice has triumphed haha.

If these were purely baseless accusations and malicious sentences Raebin Kim would have been little affected.

They could have realized that there was a member there who just wanted to conveniently pass on the cause of Steer’s failure to someone else and who just happened to be disgusted with the situation due to his personal feelings.

However each sentence Raebin Kim saw had a logical structure. It’s also very analytical.

Why is there a problem with Steer’s production and marketing? Why is the distribution of parts unfair and problematic?

Why did all of this happen because of Kim Rae-bin?

One-sided claims based on factual analysis sounded like the truth. This is especially true for those who are panicked by posts expressing strong criticism and contempt for themselves.

He could not think of a calm rebuttal that he had no overall involvement in the production and that more than half of the claims were mere speculation.

I couldn’t see any opposing opinions like ‘Aren’t these guys completely crazy?’

All these accusations just seemed convincing.

Moreover these ‘fans’ weren’t just criticizing.

-I think Eugene has gone back to his country and won’t come back… What should I do? I really want to die.

-Honestly wouldn’t it be worse to have problems in your day job than in a relationship? Seriously why did my child get beaten up? Haha.

Instructions for affection resentment and resentment toward others were evident.

“…”

So Kim Rae-bin began to worry as she rubbed her cold hands as if her blood had cooled.

‘How wrong was I?’

Did he make a big mistake?

“…”

He became speechless.

I wasn’t the type of person who was good at making social small talk but the tendency to be good at speaking kindly and talking non-stop about things I liked disappeared as if dead.

Even before three days had passed his family started asking him out of concern.

“Ravin what’s wrong with you?”

“…”

“Raebin Kim!”

“…therefore”

In the end Kim Rae-bin told her sister about the posts she had seen on a certain gossip bulletin board and the anonymous site she had accessed through the link.

“Why did you see that!”

My sister was shocked and started patting him. Kim Rae-bin felt her heart heating up but in the end she couldn’t hold back and asked.

He needed an answer.

How much of his fault was that the Steer group didn’t do well?

But the family looked at him with a straight face and cut him off.

“Ravin. They are all crazy kids. Why do you criticize celebrities so much when they are living their own lives? You didn’t do that at all so don’t look at things like that again. “Okay?”

I couldn’t understand it because it seemed like he was just recklessly defending himself but I couldn’t keep asking questions.

The more we talked the more distressed the family seemed.

The day Raebin Kim saw her grandmother wiping away tears alone in her room she decided to think for herself and find the answer.

Before going to bed he decided to lie down in bed and think carefully before making a decision without being scared.

So I thought as hard as I could.

‘first of all… ’

Summarizing the numerous criticisms they could be broadly divided into two causes.

Topic 1.

-The album quality dropped due to Kim Rae-bin’s producing.

Raebin Kim did not actively participate in producing. I only received an allocation. And the company wasn’t being selfish because it modified the results as it wanted.

But goodness and competence were not the same thing.

‘So I think it was my fault for not being able to react more wisely and express my opinion.’

Kim Rae-bin concluded that we must reflect.

Next is topic 2.

Raebin Kim tossed and turned in bed feeling like his throat was closing up. And I barely came up with a sentence.

-Kim Rae-bin monopolized the good parts and was unable to perform them properly which had a great negative impact on the team.

Kim Rae-bin… tried to do her best in the given part.

It was true.

‘But maybe that wasn’t enough.’

Looking at the analysis posts it was strongly written why the part should go to someone better suited to it rather than Kim Rae-bin who ‘wasted the part’.

Moreover there was empirical evidence.

‘Our group didn’t do well.’

He failed to play the important part attractively enough.

So on the contrary it is quite possible that it might have been more beneficial if someone else had performed the impressive parts instead of him.

And if the fans think so… they’re probably right.

“…”

So maybe the answer was simple.

-Conclusion\: Kim Rae-bin does not have the ability to be an idol.

It was right for me to produce as I had originally wanted to do when I was young.

He breathed in and out trying to think straight.

In a good direction.

‘I also felt there were problems with the elements of our promotional songs that these fans were criticizing.’

His eyesight was still good. So it was okay to continue with that.

‘okay. Let’s do that.’

Raebin Kim came to a conclusion and felt that his head was finally in order.

I will make a song myself.

‘I can get there.’

He lay in bed looked at the ceiling and made a revised plan for the future.

“…”

There were no tears but somehow my heart felt empty and sad.

* * *

Testa’s accommodation.

Kim Rae-bin felt the flood of memories as if she were getting drenched in a waterfall. The emotions at that time were vivid as if I was reliving it rather than remembering it.

It was as if I had been holding back and finally heard the words pour out.

Just like when you hear someone close to you share their sorrow you sympathize deeply and feel sorry for them.

Now for Kim Rae-bin that someone was herself.

“…”

The two older brothers were still talking in the living room.

However he stumbled turned his back on the dimly lit living room and quietly returned into the dark room.

Then he sat down at his desk and opened his laptop.

My mind felt numb and pale as if I had been hit with cold water.

However the final question that came up at the end of data collection was reemerging.

Clearly.

-Who am I as a performer?

This had to be fixed.

Shorter.

-Who am I?

And specifically.

-Who am I at this moment?

Then he quietly put his hand on the laptop and tried to accept what he was feeling without distorting it.

It was a feeling that I had been able to avoid deeply until now because I debuted as a Testa.

It was an essential element that was most clearly revealed when one was at his weakest.

Irreversible failure.

pain.

“…”

Raebin Kim decided to talk about pain.

* * *

A few weeks later.

[TeSTAR ‘Overture’ Comeback Trailer]

A teaser has been released.
