---
title: "Chapter 526"
category: "book"
index: 525
section: "Chapter 526"
slug: "526"
---

# Chapter 526

News of Testa’s new album had already spread on the Internet but no advance time table was specifically released for promotion.

So people greeted the day the intro trailer was released without any warning.

Midnight. Fans who were lying in bed scrolling through their smartphone screens suddenly received an alert from Testa’s official WeTube channel.

‘…!?’

‘what?’

This is the first video released with the name ‘trailer’ since the collaboration with 127 Section!

Fans who were completely sleepy clicked on the pop-up and a thumbnail immediately appeared before their eyes.

An image of an old broken yellow light bulb glowing small in a dark space.

Fans immediately clicked on it without even taking a breath all tense.

[…]

It started with a desolate street in a gloomy modern city.

Thump thud thud thud thump…

The rain continued to fall making a gloomy low noise. Beyond the back alleys of the city the colors are dull and dark and the sky is almost gray.

The back alleys are empty and dirty with weeds and manhole wires lined up haphazardly.

At that time a clear shadow appeared in the back alley.

Slosh.

It was a figure without an umbrella.

Kim Rae-bin wearing an old aviator jumper was backlit and looking into the camera across a back alley.

‘…!!’

Kim Rae-bin who looked somewhat tired and worn out with a decadent look in her eyes seemed to be looking at the viewer beyond the camera lens.

The moment that feeling became clear the focus of the screen changed.

thud…

Before I knew it something had suddenly popped out right in front of the camera.

It was a white hand.

The camera descended eerily and captured the source of the hand.

manhole.

A white hand stuck out from the half-open manhole frozen like a mannequin.

[…]

There was tension in the video.

Raebin Kim came forward with heavy steps.

And held the white hand.

widely.

At that moment everything changes.

[Calling]

The gorgeous signature sound of trumpets and trombones burst out rhythmically re-tailored swing house in an extremely modern way.

Pleasant and addictive sound.

To the sound Kim Rae-bin was grabbed by a white hand and fell down the manhole.

sewer.

[Oooo-!]

Surprisingly it was a different world.

Above the manhole colored lights shining water and emergency lights contrasted with the faded city flashing in time with the beat.

The sound and color overflowed and jumped out. The mixture of cartoon-like CG and real-color fireworks overflowed as if they were going to explode.

But the structure is still a sewer.

Raebin Kim looking around sees that it is caught on a protruding concrete water pipe structure.

Black rabbit mask.

It was a fur doll mask that completely covered the head and looked as if it had been removed from a real rabbit’s head.

Raebin Kim’s hand picked it up without hesitation.

He put on a black rabbit mask and started running happily through the sewer.

Hip-hop beats filled the place where the brass disappeared.

[The starlight is brilliant

I’m lost

dark deep sea

[Hopeful and difficult]

Light flashed in all directions and the silhouettes of people who seemed to be having a party appeared beyond the iron bars in the distance and then disappeared.

Sometimes wearing animal masks they wore a variety of clothes from summer school uniforms to coats based on the harness uniform Hanbok.

These were the stage costumes that Testa had worn in music videos from &lt;Azusa&gt; until now.

Cheers and pollen flew.

[There is no right answer

I just keep running

New track is rough

[Your trigger is born]

Kim Rae-bin wearing a rabbit mask looked happy despite the lyrics implying that the new path will be difficult and cause trauma.

The moment he excitedly took a large step forward the cut changed to illuminate the narrow alcove.

[Pang!]

Kim Rae-bin wearing a black stage costume that fits her body perfectly sits on a chair alone in the middle of an alcove and raps.

It looked very nice but perhaps because of the background it had a somewhat gloomy feel.

An old light flickered in a dark room where the faded city could be seen through the bars.

In line with the blink the cut cut back to the sewer.

[I am

pull the trigger on your

Beyond the narrow aperture

Shot exploded

Hole created]

The music sounded cheerful and light.

However the sewer where Kim Rae-bin wearing a rabbit mask runs through becomes increasingly bizarre and distorted.

Every time the lights were turned off the original appearance of the sewer was darkly revealed and then disappeared in an instant.

On the other hand Raebin Kim’s performance in the closet became more and more exquisite and intense.

[Engraved gun top

The future seen through a narrow gap

that]

As the accompaniment died down a virtuosic solo from the trumpet sounded.

He grabbed the camera and shouted with an expressionless expression.

[“The escape hatch has collapsed.”

Run]

bang.

The music returned and went wild.

Lights exploded around the sewer like an explosion. The primary colors trembled as if pounding on my mind.

The doll in the rabbit mask which seemed happy as if it was dancing was now running forward as if it was too much for her.

[The starlight is brilliant

I’m lost

dark deep sea

[The cliff edge is difficult]

Like a thriller movie tense editing techniques were used several times to tighten the video and music.

[The places I step on are increasingly minimized

Focus on clock (minutes 55)

Arriving soon though

My stride is narrow

It’s not on time]

The images of Kim Rae-bin wearing a rabbit mask and running hurriedly threatening to fall and Kim Rae-bin performing intensely in a small room quickly intersected.

[I can never arrive

The path presented on time

I don’t know which way to go]

And finally the rabbit trail reached the end of the sewer.

[Whoa!]

The emergency lights crackle and blink green.

Below it there is rough text written.

-GET OUT

silence.

There is no color no cheer no pollen.

In the quiet white noise Rabbit Tal took a deep breath reached out grabbed the handle of the emergency exit and opened the door.

[This is the end.]

Scarlet light floods in outside the door.

It was a circus tent.

The scarlet tent and round light bulbs filled with cameras filled the outdoor space with an ecstatic and eerie appearance.

Music is back.

[end of path

Dead end alley]

Raebin Kim wearing a rabbit mask lowered his trembling hands and stepped beyond the emergency exit.

The emergency exit turns off.

[There is no way out]

At that moment the screen showing Raebin Kim had suddenly turned into a cartoon.

Inyoung wearing a rabbit mask in a cartoon style that children would see cautiously approached the circus tent.

There was a colorful sign up there.

-MAN only

And then breathtaking stares began to appear as if they were glaring from all directions.

[Jump into the cave

To a strange country

manhole]

Kim Rae-bin who was looking around in horror hesitated and removed his rabbit mask as if tearing it off.

There was no head underneath.

[There’s no rabbit.

MAN only

[So I call it a man-hole.]

Headless Inyoung held the rabbit mask anxiously in both hands and began to slowly stagger into the burning red tent.

The light bulb blinked.

[Manhole]

Kim Rae-bin who was performing in the cut of the crossed alcove again disappeared before we knew it.

All that remains is a chair and an old light bulb above it.

And the circus scene returns.

The circus tent that Raebin Kim swallowed came down to the bottom of the road as if nothing had happened.

Like a curtain call on stage.

Only the subtitles remained there.

[Overture – Rabbit hole]

[TeSTAR]

* * *

Late fall morning.

Park Moon-dae held up his smartphone and naturally scanned the screen.

Kim Rae-bin’s exclusive trailer which was released last midnight was already at the top of WeTube’s popular video rankings.

‘I expected it but it’s surprising.’

It wasn’t a collaboration with a game or an ambitious plan for several months to come up with a concept and plan a masterpiece.

It was an unbelievable reaction that it was created by a short 2 minute and 30 second trailer featuring only one member.

It was that powerful and somehow evoked emotions.

-Have you seen Testa’s comeback trailer?

-When will the music for this come out?

-Is it normal to feel so creepy and sad while watching the trailer?

-It looks like he just gritted his teeth this time.

A topic that did not end with simple compliments such as ‘good song’ ‘good video’ or ‘handsome’ continued to be reproduced.

There is something to talk about.

-Rabbit hole. Clearly inspired by Alice in Wonderland this trailer shows a lot of symbolism. A stage represented by a Wonderland alcove represented by a sewer… (See more)

– Speaking of the last cut of the trailer OOO (spoilers included)

-I think Kim Rae-bin made this Testa album with the theme of slump.

-Wonderland doesn’t refer to stone tablets?

Of course there were people who were dismayed or laughed at it saying it was too complicated.

-Is it a national rule for producing members to be pretentious?

-Honestly they are a group that debuted with the good Seoba and have been on a roll so far so why is it difficult to reach a dead end ㅇㅈㄹㅋㅋ

└You must be experiencing the pain of creation without knowing it~

However the opinion that surfaced through the detour of ‘Am I the only one who thinks this way?’ did not receive much attention.

Because people instinctively felt it.

This is an opinion that there is no need to come up with logic to respond to.

‘hmm… ’

‘Antinga?’

It is said that everyone had an intuition that not many people would sympathize with such words anyway.

‘The public opinion has become that this trailer was well made.’

Park Moon-dae analyzed quickly.

Kim Rae-bin seemed to be pouring out a very personal story but exquisitely adjusted the video and lyrics to end it as a metaphor for the new album.

And it gained popularity through visual beauty and melody.

‘Actually regardless of the lyrics as long as the song is good I’ll listen to it.’

Popularity lies in the melody.

So Kim Rae-bin’s lyrics were not difficult enough to affect popularity. Rather it gave me something to talk about.

To sum it up it was good to talk about it.

It was attractive.

– Interpretation of Testa Overture lyrics

-Rabbit Hole Lyrics Interpretation

Related search terms that have already appeared support this fact. Park Moon-dae chuckled.

‘It’s interpretation.’

However among testers only Kim Rae-bin the person who created the song truly knows the meaning behind these lyrics.

‘We’ve only guessed until now.’

He remembered how one morning after talking with Ryu Cheong-woo while he was quietly returning to his room he suddenly saw Kim Rae-bin sitting at his desk and was scared.

-Ravin.

-Brother my memory has returned.

The guy who was staring at the laptop with bloodshot eyes said that and fell into the composition program again.

At that time Park Mun-dae of the world was also a little embarrassed.

He watched the scene in some bewilderment but did not interfere.

[Maestro (S)]

What you need is a small opportunity.

Creation speed +150% when inspired

This was because it was confirmed that Kim Rae-bin’s characteristics were activated.

‘That guy must have heard us.’

Park Moon-dae was worried that it might have been a trigger and brought back bad memories but he didn’t ask about that either.

‘Wait until it stabilizes.’

Only a few days later when Kim Rae-bin came with a tentatively completed song he and the other members sincerely gave him proper feedback.

-thank you.

Raebin Kim calmly absorbed all the feedback without making a fuss.

After that he devoted all his time to requesting the song and trailer video and was able to complete the trailer faster than Park Moon-dae expected.

And today the trailer was finally released.

“Ravin your reaction is really good…!”

“Ravin you worked hard~ Congratulations!”

“I have something to tell you.”

“…?? oh. okay.”

Kim Rae-bin stood in front of the members with wide eyes as if she had finally made up her mind.
