---
title: "Chapter 527"
category: "book"
index: 526
section: "Chapter 527"
slug: "527"
---

# Chapter 527

The morning of the day the teaser was released.

Kim Rae-bin gathered the members in the living room and stood solemnly in front of them as if preparing for a holiday.

Park Mun-dae glanced at the boy feeling like he was a parent or family member receiving his school report card.

‘What a mess.’

Kim Rae-bin looked tired as she had not been able to sleep properly for the past few weeks.

Park Mun-dae opened his mouth indifferently.

“…Let’s sleep first and talk.”

“It’s okay if you offered it out of consideration for me. “Let me start with what I have to say.”

Raebin Kim answered very firmly then closed his eyes tightly and shouted.

“First of all I’m sorry.”

“…??”

‘Are you saying you’re sorry for making the trailer so well and appearing alone?’

‘…You’ve been able to make things like this for so long but you’re sorry for hiding your skills?’

Absurd interpretations passed through the members’ minds but at the same time they all discarded them.

And Kim Rae-bin slowly explained to the members who decided to smile kindly.

“This teaser reflects a lot of my personal impressions.”

embrace.

“However this teaser is a representative work introducing Testa’s new album. “It was not my personal work.”

The members realized what Raebin Kim was trying to say.

-It’s our album but I’m sorry for including my own story!

“We created a connection with the album. However I was unable to systematically report what symbols and metaphors were used in the process of creating the work.”

Raebin Kim swallowed his saliva and spoke firmly.

“I thought I should apologize for that…”

And he bowed his head slightly.

Before there was even a short silence words came rushing in.

“Kim Rae-bin are you stupid? “Sit down quickly!”

“…?!”

When I came to my senses I found myself sitting on the living room rug with my back against the sofa.

“Ravin thought too much~”

“I know. “After making it well.”

A warm pat followed without criticism. Kim Rae-bin reflexively accepted the honey tea offered by Bae Se-jin with a blunt expression.

The person sitting on the sofa slowly patted his back.

It was Park Moon-dae.

“Even without you explaining it in detail I can tell that the teaser and the album are well connected. Because it’s an album we made together.”

He continued speaking calmly.

“From the beginning we monitored and provided feedback on the progress of the continuity you created. “You know right?”

“…yes.”

“okay. Then don’t feel bad about going ahead with the confirmation.”

He seemed a little conflicted and added\:

“…The number of views has been good so enjoy it.”

Park Mun-dae was smiling faintly as he said those words.

Raebin Kim nodded holding back his eyes from turning red.

“yes.”

But there was a secret.

In fact he vaguely expected and predicted that the members would react like this.

The fact that they are not team members to scold or criticize was a fact I learned through crying and laughing together over the past few years.

‘I said it even though I knew.’

Because I wanted to get this reaction.

The flood of Steer’s memories left an almost shocking mark and he was highly hypersensitive to situations that would trigger them.

To criticism and condemnation.

Raebin Kim needed a counterexample in order to break the chain of finding justification for criticism and coming up with logic no matter what he did.

We wanted to make sure that that doesn’t happen in reality.

“great job. “Good job Ravin.”

And the attempt turned out to be so successful that Raebin Kim was finally able to free himself from the premonition that had been holding him back for the past few weeks.

My eyes were hot and my heart felt light.

He squeezed the honey tea tightly.

“Ravin do you like the teaser…?”

“Honestly I think it would have been cool to see it in person from the person who made it~ How do you feel about it?”

“that…”

Now Raebin Kim was no longer worried but was able to purely accept the question think about it carefully and come up with an answer.

“…I was relieved. This is because I was able to organize the images I felt while embodying them.”

It was the impression I felt while making the teaser rather than the teaser itself.

He had already experienced numerous successes since his debut as Testa. So rationally he was able to refute his self-abuse during his Steer days by giving counterexamples one by one.

However during his time as Steer he could understand why he had accepted such malicious and sophistical logic.

So heartbreaking.

Because they were the same person.

“It’s embarrassing but… actually this teaser song was released to console myself.”

The surroundings became slightly quiet.

Raebin Kim slightly lowered his head.

“As this is not a story that has been revealed to the public I thought it might cause problems with its popularity as it is somewhat ambiguous and could be interpreted in many ways…”

“Nope!”

The closing phrase ‘I tried to complement it as much as possible’ was cut out.

“You idiot it’s fun because there are different interpretations! So it was cool. [That teaser was literally cool!]”

Kim Rae-bin looked at Cha Yu-jin with a dumbfounded expression.

How can you not feel bad after being called an idiot by Cha Yu-jin?

and…

‘Are you serious?’

It’s more fun because there’s no clear answer to what I’m trying to say?

Park Mun-dae continued as if answering that thought and supplementing Cha Yu-jin’s words.

“okay. “Because each person would interpret and understand it according to what they know and what they experienced.”

Park Moon-dae who consciously swallowed the remark that it would have been a good viral hit nodded.

“…and millions of people saw the teaser. “There are definitely some people who understood the teaser exactly as you thought.”

Those words resonated somewhere.

Kim Rae-bin naturally imagined the scene briefly.

Someone who suffers from blame and criticism.

The scene where the person stumbles upon the teaser he created discovers the hidden story and feels empathy and comfort.

The scene where I thought this was my story.

He soon nodded a little choked up.

“yes…”

It was a feeling he would not have felt if he had gone to great lengths to reassemble his work so that the public could fully understand it.

Kim Rae-bin made a promise again.

-Reference it but don’t be swayed by it.

I felt like my mind was clearer!

He answered firmly with a clear mind.

“thank you!”

“what.”

Sejin Lee smiled and settled the situation.

“Now that our album has such a great trailer shall we have a toast?”

“Ugh I like it…!”

The members nodded and created an atmosphere by roughly pouring the drinks they wanted from cold water to Heotgaesu.

Bae Se-jin started talking about the ‘Alice in Wonderland’ and ‘Alice in Wonderland’ references she found in the teaser and Lee Se-jin introduced a WeTube video interpreted by a fan.

Raebin Kim took it all seriously but happily.

It was a routine like any other that I had experienced for several years.

‘good night.’

In that gap Kim Rae-bin regained a deep sense of stability.

In the past few weeks he has succeeded in sublimating the overflowing pain into stimulating inspiration.

That stimulation gave me the opportunity to create but I couldn’t produce creative work without resting in the constant stimulation. You will be exhausted and depleted before then.

A period of stability and recovery is also necessary for\:

Raebin Kim has finally experienced such a mental break.

‘Thank you… ’

He let go of his emotions and finally smiled comfortably.

And then I fainted.

“…?! Ravin??”

“Ooooooh Raebin Kim!”

The tension was relieved and the aftereffects of staying up all night were coming.

I guess you could say it was a happy faint.

“Oh…”

“Cha Yujin. Lift your legs. “Because I will lift my head.”

“Mundaemundae you should take a break too.”

Kim Rae-bin who immediately entered a state of deep sleep was taken to bed by the members who woke up in a hurry.

There were only 10 days left until the new album was released.

“…”

And at this point Park Moon-dae lifted one of Kim Rae-bin’s arms and made a decision.

* * *

Raebin Kim was immersed in peaceful unconsciousness.

I have vague dreams with warm good feelings. It would be nice to fall asleep like this and wake up after a long time but without even being verbalized the thought was ringing softly and pleasantly in my head…

A low voice sounded as if cold water had been poured.

“Are you awake?”

grandma!

Kim Rae-bin who unexpectedly opened his eyes and cried out for a guardian made eye contact with Park Moon-dae who had a sullen expression on his face.

The older brother who had an expression that seemed perfectly suited to the nickname Tibetan Fox nodded towards himself and stood up.

‘uh…?’

When I looked again I saw that the older brother was dressed in going out clothes with a wool fleece.

“Where are you going…?”

“uh. To the shop. “The promotional WeTube channel was set up.”

Come to think of it a comeback is just around the corner!

Raebin Kim finally came to his senses this time and hurriedly followed him to see him off.

‘When did I… fall asleep??’

It felt like my eyes were spinning!

However after getting ready in an instant the three older brothers standing at the entrance smiled and waved before leaving.

They are Park Moon-dae Sun Ah-hyun and Lee Se-jin.

They were three people of the same age who were good to talk about their relationship on TV.

“I’ll be back…!”

“I will promote the album properly~”

widely.

The front door closed cheerfully.

And Kim Rae-bin remained blankly at the entrance.

“…”

Who… should I ask about this situation?

It was then.

Tuk-tuk.

Someone tapped his shoulder. Raebin Kim quickly turned his head.

Bae Se-jin had a serious face.

“Well let’s eat.”

“yes…”

Kim Rae-bin who answered in an instant unconsciously followed him and headed to the table.

Surprisingly food was already prepared there.

‘Chicken soup… ’

A white soup dish was served on a plate.

And there was only one person on this team who made this.

‘Cha Yujin!’

That’s right.

However this time instead of adding red pepper paste and making it like fried chicken Cha Yu-jin made a traditional soup using her mother’s recipe.

“Bon appétit.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders and sat down at the table spitting out an idiom equivalent to ‘I’ll eat well.’ Kim Rae-bin forgot to ask questions due to the naturalness of it and took a spoonful of soup to her mouth.

Something is more familiar than before…

‘ah.’

Raebin Kim realized something.

It was a taste I sometimes ate when I was a steer.

‘Come to think of it Cha Yu-jin often cooked at that time… ’

Unlike now where we have a company that takes care of people and has members who are good at cooking back then we would order delivery or take turns cooking occasionally.

Kim Rae-bin unconsciously looked around and realized a vague memory that suddenly came to mind.

Only the members who were with us during the steer were sitting at this table.

Coincidentally.

“it is delicious? “Do you remember what you ate before?”

Cha Yu-jin even asked that out loud.

A brief moment of silence passed by.

And Bae Se-jin carefully opened his mouth first.

“…I don’t remember ever eating it. No I… I tried what you made last time when you lost your memory.”

“I guess so. “Yujin started cooking a full year after her debut.”

After you withdraw.

Liu Qingyu didn’t necessarily add that word but everyone understood the implied meaning.

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders and opened her mouth.

“Oh… I have a lot of memories of you. “Then do you remember that you threw away my cooking without eating it?”

I don’t think that’s something to say in a light tone!

Even Kim Rae-bin thought about it but couldn’t bring himself to say it because the atmosphere reminded him of the Steer era.

Back then I could never talk back at the dinner table!

“Don’t you remember? “Christmas Eve.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu did not answer for a moment.

He hesitated as if he was in conflict within himself but soon answered calmly.

“It wasn’t me who threw it away.”

“What?!”

“It would have been Min Jeong-hoon.”

Liu Chengwu gave one specific name. He was a member of Mo Steer who had been rumored to be dating.

Cha Yu-jin almost hit the table with her spoon.

“Holy sh… Then why didn’t you tell me it was a misunderstanding?”

“There’s no need for that.”

Liu Chengyu seemed to be conflicted about whether to speak again or not but he soon responded in a fairly indifferent tone.

“I thought you guys would fight so I decided to do what I did. I thought it would be easier to control that way. “Because you heard me.”

“…”

Soon Cha Yu-jin sighed softly.

“OK. [Typical “steer leader” behavior. It was my fault for asking.]”

Cha Yu-jin responded quite cynically but even a person who does not know English could tell from her tone that there was no malicious intent.

So there was no tension. Instead the conversation ended with Liu Chengwu smiling faintly.

A slightly embarrassing yet gentle atmosphere passed by as if the misunderstanding had been resolved and the two people would be reconciled.

And then the silent spooning continued again.

‘hmm.’

Raebin Kim had an unexpected feeling.

They are sitting around talking about uncomfortable times in the long past.

Actually it wouldn’t be strange if it was uncomfortable but I felt a little nostalgic about this atmosphere.

‘Why?’

The reason was simple.

Even in very difficult and difficult times when there is a good ending there is bound to be something to look back on and reminisce about.

Especially if there are people who have endured that time together.

“How much pepper did you sprinkle?”

“You can eat it unless you are sick. “This is right!”

They finished their soup in silence.

In this way I organized the past that I once forgot and then remembered.

We are ready to go again.

* * *

Same time.

After successfully filming a promotional mukbang entertainment show on WeTube Park Moon-dae received a text message.

It was very unexpected news.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: I’ll see you again within three days junior. If possible see it in person.

Even though he was thinking things like ‘You crazy guy I’m making a comeback’ Park Moon-dae was still conscious of the surroundings of the filming location and was planning to send a polite and nonsensical text message.

-VTIC Senior Cheongnyeo\: Because I’m enlisting in four days^^

“…??…!!”

VTIC. There are four days left until the enlistment of all members including leader Cheongryeo.
