---
title: "Chapter 528"
category: "book"
index: 527
section: "Chapter 528"
slug: "528"
---

# Chapter 528

“…”

I grabbed my smartphone and read it again.

-D-4 until VTIC Cheongryeo enlistment (Breaking News)

News that I was not curious about at all is now breaking news.

No matter how much I think about it it seems clear that the bastard sent me a text message saying he was going to the military on purpose to coincide with the public announcement.

I pressed my eyebrows and barely suppressed my frown.

It’s still a filming location. Let’s not give the officials interesting stories like ‘Testa Park Moon-dae saw the news about the VTIC military and ordered them to come check it.’

However the guy I had been with for several years seemed to have read something on my face.

Big Sejin deliberately made a fuss and hit my shoulder. Stop it…

“What is it?”

“VTIC Cheongnyeo… I heard that even your senior is going to the military.”

“Oh~”

Big Se-jin who made a meaningless exclamation smiled bitterly.

“I hope you had a good trip~”

His tone of voice is sociable but his face says ‘I hope you turn it off quickly.’

And I realized that this wasn’t really surprising news.

‘yes. ‘Because it’s November now.’

I had even heard that VTIC planned to all be discharged together so it was funny to be surprised by the obvious enlistment date.

I had already calculated it since last year but there were so many events that I forgot about it for a while.

“Then VTIC seniors… I think the fans will be very disappointed because there are no activities at all…”

“That could be possible.”

Sun Ah-hyun probably said this not because she was conscious of her surroundings but because she was truly worried.

But there is no need to worry about that either.

‘He must have already laid the grass for his own way.’

Cheongryeo has already decided on a comeback song for the entire group. Maybe someone like Jin Chae-yul even received a dance video from the military.

Before that let’s think about using their entire hiatus to attract fans. The only thing that matters is if the test goes well.

And perhaps VTIC fans had guessed everything from the beginning the reaction wasn’t that harsh.

It did come out like this.

-Jaehyun you said something about going to the military four days ago.

-Is it possible to see our kids perform in the military as a whole? Haha I’m excited (Actually I’m not excited just pass by)

-Why is 17-year-old Shin Jae-hyun going to the military?

“…”

I wonder if the last part is sincere but anyway.

“But don’t you think it would be really cool to be discharged at the same time?”

“I know. “I hope you have a good trip.”

“Ugh…!”

We ended our conversation warmly like this.

On set.

“Mundaemun University! “I’m talking about the story earlier.”

As soon as we got into the car and the door closed Big Sejin immediately brought up the topic again.

“After being discharged from the military in 6 months I will make a comeback right away… no it will be about 7 months because I have hair problems. So a comeback in June next year?”

“maybe.”

The guy’s expression hardened slightly.

“We should avoid it then and make a plan for next year.”

I agree. First of all we need to secure the Cultural Merit so that we can postpone our enlistment before we can come up with a proper plan.

“Whew it’s not easy to make something like this ourselves right?”

“Yeah but it’s better than not being able to squeeze it.”

The guy grinned as if he was saying something obvious.

This is because we do not have this luxury compared to the T1 days when we had to go ahead with the crazy idea of releasing a rookie debut album at the same time as VTIC’s comeback.

It was around that time that Sun Ah-hyeon cautiously intervened.

“I… are you talking about that VTIC senior?”

“huh? Ah that’s right! I’m thinking about the timing because I think you’ll make a comeback next year. “It’s the end of the year and we need to make plans for next year.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded her head vigorously with a serious face.

“I think spring will be fine too. “I thought it would be a good idea to make an album that would bring out the sense of the season…”

“Oh that’s good too?”

And then we started excitedly thinking about the next album. Well it was a good thing to have a lot of ideas and be proactive. The more heads there are the more candidates there are.

It seemed like a peaceful time passed for a while and it seemed like Big Sejin naturally came up with a question during the conversation.

“Wait a minute did that senior contact you directly?”

It seems quite absurd considering what I read in an article.

“uh.”

“No why?”

“I don’t know.”

Big Se-jin made a puzzled expression but I really don’t know.

It would have been better if they had called me two weeks before but why bother calling someone who is busy four days before admission?

‘Is this a plot to hinder a comeback?’

Honestly it’s not easy that I can make time within three days. I have a schedule that lasts until past midnight.

‘Besides the moment you hear about an eyewitness it hurts.’

-Before Gommer’s comeback they made friends haha. I’m really mad.

-I should have a drink with the monk who lives in the military. Hehehe he’s such a great bastard that friendship is more important even if he’s a rival group that puts his fans through a lot of trouble.

Once you return the expected answer sheet you will find the answer. Of course a phone call would suffice.

The moment when I was thinking about how to convey ‘Are you crazy or call me?’ in a short and polite way.

[brother! I had a great idea!]

“…?”

Big Moon intervened.

He must have seen the text message earlier because he said he wanted to watch the entertainment being filmed in real time and shared his view.

however…

‘wrinkle?’

What kind of idea is this?

[Ah if you promise me you will never access the system!]

And I found out what Big Moon’s ‘good idea’ was.

* * *

“…So you came like that?”

A Korean restaurant in Yeouido.

I lifted the glass cup. Park Moon-dae’s hands were seen to have more calluses than his hands.

It’s Ryu Geon-woo’s hand.

That’s right. Keudal’s suggestion was ‘Change your body for 1 hour’.

In the last case the guy realized that there was no risk in changing his body and willingly did so.

-I don’t have any plans for dinner this week so you can talk comfortably!

-uh. thanks. But then you would have to do a Testa photo shoot at that time.

-Huh fishing.

Of course it’s a joke.

The evening two days after receiving the call from Cheongryeo. I was able to save approximately 1 hour from the travel and massage time so I used this time.

Well I guess a massage isn’t a bad experience. But in any case it cannot be denied that Geoldal was considerate of this side.

‘I owe you something.’

Let’s settle it properly this time too. I put the cup back on the table roughly calculating the amount.

This is not the outdoor cafe I met with Cheongryeo a few times in the past but a room-style Korean multi-course restaurant.

However there is a peculiarity.

“month!”

This is a house where dogs are allowed.

‘You brought the dog again… ’

After confirming that the large dog lying on the floor with a happy expression was being held in a harness I looked at the guy holding the leash.

Cheongnyeo.

The guy who came dressed in colorless civilian clothes didn’t burst into laughter even after hearing a rough explanation of why I looked like Ryu Geon-woo.

Instead I reacted like this.

“If you keep changing your body you’ll start taking it for granted.”

“…”

“Considering what’s happened so far it doesn’t seem like a good idea does it?”

I shrugged.

“It’s not something you just use blindly.”

“hmm?”

What if I get dragged into this system again? Of course I thought about it.

I wouldn’t have done that unless I was quite an idiot.

“I use the frequency according to the pattern.”

This is not a ‘special’ system that was used today only for this purpose.

To begin with I am using the system regularly once every three days.

“This system seems to be trying to create a situation in which I use myself often but it uses it at the same intervals every time so that I can’t rank ‘how often I use it.’”

Since it was purposely focused on useless features there is no chance of me being impressed by its performance.

‘And then when it’s really needed like this… I change it once in a while like this.’

In this case it is impossible to determine which ones were used because they were truly necessary so only the regular pattern of using them once every three days is recorded in the system.

In short it is data deception.

The guy sitting across from me raised the corner of his mouth.

“indeed. “This is the way my junior would think.”

Is this an insult?

I opened my mouth feeling my eyebrows twitch.

“What method were you thinking of?”

“I have to throw it away. “Don’t use it.”

“…”

Well… that’s the established theory.

To be honest it’s such a moderate choice that it’s hard to believe it came from that guy’s mouth.

But if I get rid of the company system now you will be the one who will lose the most.

‘If I don’t absorb the system fragments from you I know what will happen if the mission fails.’

When I think about it that way it seems like this doesn’t make sense. After disposing of the fragments I will use that as an excuse to extract information from this guy.

‘Once you’ve made a profit you’ll have no choice but to spit out something.’

Of course it would be funny to explain every detail now so I just said this.

“I have some circumstances. Anyway… why did you call me to meet you?”

Let’s get to the point quickly.

It’s very busy right now. There won’t be any bullshit like ‘I want to at least see your face before I go to the dark training camp.’

Cheongryeo opened his mouth as if he was a little disappointed.

“At least once before enlisting…”

“Don’t talk bullshit.”

“haha!”

Yes I thought so.

“Well I wasn’t lying. Of course there are other reasons as well.”

Cheongryeo smiled and said this.

“Beans.”

“…”

I looked down and saw the furry cat still lying on the floor with its belly down.

Hey no way…

“Are you asking me to look after you while you’re in?”

“yes.”

Are you sane?

Since we can’t even take care of Munggei at our dorm right now how can we raise someone else’s dog when it was adopted by Bae Se-jin’s mother?

‘for a moment.’

I immediately tried to retort but then realized that this pattern was quite familiar.

‘This is the pattern he uses to make people mad.’

“Of course I plan to leave it to a professional company. “You didn’t understand that I was asking you to take care of me at your junior’s dorm right?”

also.

‘If only that had a long tongue.’

I sighed and took a sip of porridge.

“My parents.”

“Mother… well let me tell you I’m not in a position to take charge of a puppy. Because he is a very busy person. “I don’t even like dogs.”

I’m busy too you bastard.

But when I realized that this guy’s mother was a person of national merit I kept my mouth shut. Cheongryeo laughed heartily.

Did you really aim for it on purpose?

“And things like this are best done by someone you like.”

I?

“Your dog?”

“yes.”

Then Cheongryeo untied the harness rope he was holding.

king!

A fierce yellow furry animal rushes towards us.

‘what.’

I think this person likes humans too much. I answered while roughly stroking my head.

“I guess your dog likes people.”

“It’s okay to think that way.”

Funny guy.

Cheongryeo closed his mouth for a moment. He then turned his attention to his dog.

There was no change in his expression but he seemed to be struggling a bit which was unusual.

He had a pretty serious face.

“I don’t have anyone I can entrust with this kind of work. “I don’t trust the character of the person I hired.”

“…”

Come to think of it this guy was hospitalized because the housekeeper didn’t clean up the grape skins.

‘Well if multiple people cross-check the probability of problems occurring goes down.’

And since everyone in his network who knows the situation has already enlisted I understand why the offer came to me.

“All you have to do is visit once or twice a week and check on the condition. “It’s simple right?”

hmm.

“If the time is right… it would be better if you stay with Kong.”

“…”

Oh damn.

I sighed.

“I can’t guarantee.”

“…!”

“If it’s still good…”

“great.”

no.

“I can’t guarantee.”

“Haha junior what about your personality?”

“…”

“It means that you are a person who carries out a task responsibly. Um… thank you.”

Surprisingly Cheongryeo seemed quite sincere.

‘…after.’

In any case in order to recover the system fragments I will have to visit him at least once while he is serving. If you do this for a reason it will feel more natural.

In the end I decided to check on this damn dog once in a while.

Of course you can’t do it with bare mouth.

Let’s just listen to this much.

“When exactly is your comeback next year?”

“Well of course you can guess it without me having to say it.”

Well I thought I wouldn’t tell you the exact date considering the risk. But even if you just listen to this much you can get a rough idea of the angle.

‘It’s a meaningful date for VTIC in June.’

I quickly identified a few dates and nodded.

“If you want to make a comeback at the same time I won’t stop you.”

Are you crazy?

“uh. you also.”

“haha.”

I sent the dog back to him and tried to pick up the chopsticks again.

At that time a defiant compliment was heard from across the table.

“Have a good comeback this time.”

“okay.”

It will happen even if you don’t say anything.

I shook hands with Cheongnyeo who extended her hand.

“But are you a military band?”

“no. “I have a language disorder.”

“…”

“Consistency is the most important thing in learning a foreign language and it was an environment where I could do so consistently.”

What a toxic bastard.

A few days later.

-ㅠㅠJaehyun passed away quietly… I’ll just stick with it for 6 months.

-Shin Jae-hyun why are you a language student instead of a military band? How good are you at speaking foreign languages?

└Global K-pop leader Jjambap Rae

Cheongryeo enlisted as scheduled and was given half a year until the VTIC group comeback.

half a year.

‘We need to change the game so that we can receive a cultural medal.’

In that sense the goal of this comeback was clear. I turned off my smartphone and stood up.

And Testa began an aggressive comeback promotion.
