---
title: "Chapter 529"
category: "book"
index: 528
section: "Chapter 529"
slug: "529"
---

# Chapter 529

Park Moon-dae’s body returns.

“Testa of course it will work out this time too! “I will support you too~”

“thank you.”

I’m sitting in the shop I’ve been going to since Testa was in T1. As I was getting my hair color checked for the last time by the manager whom I had seen for a long time congratulations on my comeback came as a bonus.

And even a subtle compliment disguised as a good word.

“Where are you coming from this time? “Is there a stomach tube for eating?”

“If the company can catch me.”

“Oh right it’s important whether the company sets a schedule right?”

It looks like you won’t be able to find out so you change your mind.

I laughed to myself.

“Promotion has become so important again right?”

“Of course.”

So we also paid close attention.

-I hope you promote this comeback a little more aggressively.

I reviewed my plan recalling our conversation a few weeks ago.

When you think of ‘idol’s aggressive comeback promotion’ what method comes to mind?

A huge promotion worth hundreds of millions of dollars by investing a lot of capital?

Or do they want to impress the public with the news of Testa’s comeback by appearing on all kinds of entertainment?

‘Both statements are not wrong.’

However neither of these applies to the current Testa.

There is nothing unusual about promotions that involve spending money as they are already a common occurrence and there is no need to appear on entertainment shows without worrying about risk as it accelerates the consumption of the image.

This was also a common characteristic of first-tier idols who were well established in Korea.

So what is the ‘aggressive comeback promotion’ that Testa is pushing now?

-Let’s go dangerous not safe.

It means being willing to take on controversy and risk.

It means to act more openly toward the goal.

‘And now the goal is the Cultural Merit.’

okay. I will speak frankly.

Who should you aim to impress in order to receive a cultural medal?

‘They are high-ranking people.’

Political circles.

However Testa’s global status especially in Western countries where its superiors like it is not significant.

It cannot even be compared to VTIC the previous recipient of the Order of Cultural Merit.

‘Thanks to those guys the bar has been raised significantly.’

At most Testa has only fragmentary recognition gained through a cameo appearance in Limestone’s movie and a game collaboration Netplus drama.

‘It’s not all our albums or music but other content.’

This means that this flash of topicality has little to do with the group’s popularity.

There are probably an overwhelming majority of people who enjoyed that content who don’t know about Testa.

However to put it conversely it also meant that Testa had not yet developed a representative global image.

‘It means you can make a plan and aim.’

Just as latecomers in the game look at the strategy and devise the most efficient route testers can also aim for the image they want.

And Testa is a group that has already successfully completed this strategy once in Korea.

Since there are strands that have already been done this means that you have a base rather than starting from the bottom.

‘If only I could pull these fragmented perceptions together and connect them into one lump.’

Then from then on you can consume Testa’s content that has been steadily accumulated over the past few years.

Things that have already been proven to be fun.

“That’s where it settles in.”

That was the goal that Testa had to achieve through this activity.

‘First things first.’

[Testa’s first nomination at the ‘American Music Awards’]

After finishing all the hair care.

I chuckled while reading an article that was already out of date.

Well then let’s put this to good use first.

* * *

American Music Awards. Also known as AMA.

It was one of the three major music awards ceremonies in the United States.

-Testa AMA nominated ㅊㅋㅊㅋ

-Oh good

However the article that Park Moon-dae saw did not cause much of a stir at the time of publication.

-There are three Nomi teams this year right? K-pop becomes more popular~

-ㅋㅋㅋ This is an award given to K-pop people to eat separately and eat separately. Do you like this? What will the sadaeju do?

└Where did he get beaten up?

This is because the ‘American Music Awards’ originally had a new KPOP category. Some people sarcastically called this ‘treating it as their own league’.

Moreover it is no longer uncommon for KPOP singers to be nominated for awards at global awards.

-I won’t give it to you unless it’s a Grammy.

-Stop making a fuss about the Top Social section because there are only one or two awards ceremonies.

Since they are KPOP singers with high album sales and social media mentions three or four teams tend to have their names listed at various famous award ceremonies every year.

This is because it is impossible to miss out on a profitable stock in the United States the headquarters of capitalism.

Even though it was not an important award it was mentioned at least once and made good use of the buzz in the KPOP fandom.

So KPOP die-hard listeners were almost upset by this situation.

-ㄹㅇ There are not just one or two teams nominated but it has no meaning unless they win an award for best group or something.

└ㅇㅈㅋㅋㅋ

-Testa is a bit weak overseas right? Still maintaining class in Japan?

└I think I will be defeated by Eter as well.

└It turned into an aggro but it’s still ㅅㅌㅊ

The news of this nomination was also expected to be a bland topic that would only increase in the amount of mentions as Testa fans reacted like that.

-Could it be possible for you to appear as a performer?

└What kind of AMA is this AMA that came out after kicking T-One? Come to your senses haha.

Is it possible that Testa can make a huge comeback at this awards ceremony? Most had never even considered it.

This is because there was no reason to choose Testa as a performer in all aspects including local recognition company weight class and connections.

Moreover there have been few KPOP idol groups that have succeeded in gaining local fame as performers.

Except for the first one.

-Except for V-Tick there is no group that went viral with an AMA performance. This ranks them in order. ㅇㅈ?

-ㅋㅋV-Tik I wonder if the state would have defended itself against the risk of military service for no reason?

-Ah haha the one-year gap in Cheonjoguk is not a gap period. Everyone is waiting for you.

VTIC is at the beginning of its heyday having built a solid global fan base.

In the years since there have been very few KPOP groups that have made notable gains as performers at overseas award ceremonies.

-Even if you do it if you don’t get a good response it’s a bad tech moment.

└Aren’t you good at the testa stage?

└Yes even so K-pop is a minor~ Damn subculture haha.

└The commenter’s tone of voice is not sophisticated but the direction is roughly correct. K-pop is still minor in America.

However it also means that it is a market with the potential to grow entertainment companies’ profits dozens of times more in the future.

└Have you come here?

And in order to go viral you not only have to perform well on stage but also have a good local response which was a very difficult task as the sentiments were different.

Just for that day even the song costume and choreography had to match that sentiment.

At the same time they maintain an exquisite balance so that existing KPOP fans are not disappointed.

-Look forward to seeing what game Testa will come up with this time. It’s realistic haha.

This was the common conclusion of those who were interested.

The same was true for this idol who received some inside information from his manager thanks to his agency being the same as Testa.

“Mi Minha! Senior Testa I heard you’re appearing on AMA?”

Mirinae’s main dancer Seong Ha-rin ran to the group’s de facto leader in shock and got this answer.

“Uh… maybe.”

“…?!”

affirmation!

Shocked Ha-rin Seong thought that Testa was definitely targeting the U.S. before gritting her teeth.

‘By what means?’

You haven’t signed with a major American record label and the company isn’t crazy rich right?

After all wasn’t Testa’s last album a huge hit in the US?

I wanted to ask that question repeatedly but Seong Ha-rin held back.

This is because the face of leader Park Min-ha standing in front looked almost liberated.

“Heh heh heh… well actually I… I don’t know. And because it’s confidential.”

“Ah ah! Of course I’ll be careful!”

“huh.”

Park Min-ha nodded as if she believed it of course.

And added\:

“And let’s not mention it to Yulgi…”

“…huh.”

A solemn feeling passed between the two for a moment.

&lt;Azusa&gt; Final ranking #1 is Mirinae’s true face madam Jeong Yul-gi.

‘She’s a good sister but… ’

The person… was so bright. I was worried that I might be misunderstood.

Thanks to my unique character I haven’t been criticized too much yet but I was nervous that might happen.

‘…Now that I think about it there is a similar senior at Testa.’

Seong Harin recalled an idol whose signature red hair was her signature.

Cha Yujin!

I almost wanted to ask the senior for advice on how he managed to make his character appealing while avoiding controversy for several years.

A few rumors and problems that arose were handled well with the right timing.

As expected the idol who won the grand prize is different…

‘…no. They say Yulgi is a more pure and good person!’

Mirinae Seong Ha-rin quickly escaped Testa idolization!

Shaking her head she calmly analyzed the current situation again.

“So are those Testa seniors also looking to enter the U.S. market in earnest?”

“It felt that way at the company meeting.”

Hmm.

Seong Harin rubbed his chin.

Mirinae at the beginning of its debut had a strong aim to advance into the U.S. due to the head of the division suffering from American disease.

At that time I studied foreign languages hard and was able to speak fluently but my group performance wasn’t that good…

She thought a little sullenly.

‘…As expected localization strategies are not good.’

Desperation can sometimes seem servile.

On the contrary it seems like she lost a lot of her domestic fans back then so Seong Harin feels a little bitter just thinking about her early days of debut.

‘Since they are popular singers in our country it would be good if they maintain that position and advance… ’

Seong Harin had complicated feelings but soon sighed.

Anyway… I really hope that Senior Testa’s current attempt will go well.

Because we are in the same boat.

Shouldn’t the investment come back to Mirinae only if the company has enough extra money?

‘But please don’t bring strange winds to the company… ’

Seong Ha-rin did not want to let his precious Mirinae go back to the United States!

“…I hope everything goes well.”

“yes.”

That’s how the conversation between the two people ended.

Although she sometimes suffered from anxiety she worked hard on her schedule and watched Testa’s comeback preview content with an eagle eye.

Meanwhile.

[This year’s AMA cast members]

‘at las!’

Seong Ha-rin finally found the news she had been waiting for and clicked on it swallowing her saliva.

And I was embarrassed.

“Huh?”

Testa’s name was not found among the announced performers!

No there were no KPOP singers in the first place.

‘What is coming out?’

However at least there is not a single article related to it.

‘Was it just a rumor? Or maybe they would have reviewed it and canceled it too.’

Seong Harin thought about that and turned off the screen.

But after some time.

Here Park Moon-dae attended the American Music Awards ceremony to perform.

“…”

He checked his outfit.

Wearing a white cotton T-shirt and jeans accessories around the face were kept to a minimum.

This means that it is not a stage outfit that an idol who has just made a comeback would choose.

But Park Moon-dae was satisfied.

‘good.’

This is because he was not standing here to perform Testa’s comeback stage in the first place.

This was the result of choice and focus.

‘All I want is impact!’

We will attract as much aggro as possible under realistic conditions.

The stage was chosen based on that.

-Generally speaking just promoting our album as a masterpiece doesn’t work.

So he decided to cover someone else’s song at this awards ceremony.

A tribute stage to a famous old singer.

It’s not even something you do alone. It was a composition where several people divided into parts and sang one song in succession.

In fact it is the level of poor treatment of ‘inviting’ someone you don’t even know.

What is Park Moon-dae’s attitude toward him?

‘Rather good.’

It was willingness.

‘It’s the perfect condition.’

If you don’t have local recognition you can borrow that recognition by using someone else’s famous song.

and.

‘Stats don’t betray you.’

[Singing\: S+]

If several people sing separately it is good because there is a group of candidates to compare.

Moon-Dae Park grinned and lifted the microphone.

The performance was starting.
