---
title: "Chapter 530"
category: "book"
index: 529
section: "Chapter 530"
slug: "530"
---

# Chapter 530

Backstage after the American Music Awards began.

“Whoa.”

The frontman of a certain band took a deep breath.

As a member of a local band he is scheduled to play a part in a group performance that will soon take place and this was almost his first time performing on such a large and major broadcast.

However he had firm belief in his own abilities.

‘I need to calm down. ‘That can happen.’

He repeated to himself trying to keep his eyes on his surroundings as leisurely as possible.

Then he recognized the boy who was waiting right next to him.

‘oh.’

The boy an Asian boy with black hair and an indifferent expression remained in his memory because he showed quite outstanding skills during the rehearsal.

The calm and powerful voice seemed to indicate what kind of singer that boy was.

So to relieve his tension he tapped the guy on the shoulder and spoke to him.

“Hey how are you feeling?”

“good.”

The person who answered briefly spoke in a calm tone.

However I was able to infer the tension he was feeling from the lack of a smile on his face and his not very sociable attitude.

‘Of course it is.’

The frontman was considerate of his opponents.

“You should know that there is no shame in being nervous before such a big stage.”

“Of course it is.”

The other person nodded calmly. And added\:

“You don’t look nervous.”

“of course.”

The frontman felt better.

“This is a matter of experience. “I’ve stood in front of quite a few audiences…”

“It seems so.”

The boy nodded calmly and the frontman felt that this small talk was really relaxing him.

As if giving advice he shared some of the stages he had experienced and the boy seemed to be listening nodding his head slightly the whole time.

‘He’s a good guy.’

And to show that he is an unbiased person the frontman was willing to ask\:

“So… where in this country do you tend to base your activities? “I’m from the South.”

“If I were to be specific it’s Callie.”

“Oh is that your hometown?”

“A member of my band is from San Diego.”

To be honest I was surprised.

‘People in that state don’t know the word serious do they?’

It was a thought full of stereotypes but the suspicion itself hit the nail on the head.

‘I guess he wasn’t born on the Pacific coast.’

In any case it is rude to talk about one’s hometown so the frontman ended the conversation there.

“Hey how about taking a picture?”

“okay.”

The boy responded surprisingly cheerfully and even took several selfies.

“I guess you have a lot of experience taking pictures with your fans?”

“Not a lot.”

“haha!”

The guy seemed quite sincere.

‘He’s got guts.’

That’s what the frontman concluded.

In fact the person he was calling a boy just thought ‘There’s no reason to have a long conversation with this bastard’ but a good thing is a good thing.

But no matter what the boy thought the frontman continued to have a pleasant conversation alone and eventually came to this topic.

“So do you like tacos? I mean I’m half Latino.”

It was a polite way of indirectly asking about the person’s lineage.

The other party responded kindly.

“I am Korean.”

The frontman reflexively thought of the Net Plus drama but fortunately musical topics that suited the current situation came to mind one after another.

“Oh do you listen to KPOP?”

The boy didn’t answer for a moment.

“Quite a lot.”

And I laughed for the first time.

He misunderstood frontman Park Moon-dae as a boy due to his styling and after answering that he followed the staff.

It was time to prepare for the stage.

* * *

Awards ceremony hall.

The host’s clear voice filled the gorgeous venue.

[…So we will remember forever!]

It was the introductory comment on the tribute stage.

This stage was for an American rock band that was very popular in the 70s.

The vocalist of this band who was in the spotlight until the end of this year became a hot topic when he passed away and donated all his assets to society.

At the same time a tribute stage was planned for the deceased at this awards ceremony.

Among the band’s hit songs a song with an extremely emotional and slow tempo was selected.

And based on an interview with the deceased vocalists from various rising bands especially rookies with strong local characteristics took over their parts.

Maximizing storytelling!

The purpose of the stage was to maximize emotion and sympathy so these rookies except for a few who came in through connections were truly outstanding.

And everyone thought this.

‘This is the opportunity I’ve been waiting for.’

A rare opportunity that rarely comes back at American awards ceremonies where famous singers of today usually perform tribute stages.

This song which people all over the world have heard is not just a cover stage but is sung on a large broadcast as an official event!

The vocalists were all heated with passion and tenacity.

‘I have to prove my talent.’

The vocalists who all thought that way went on stage with strong hearts.

Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!

Wow!

On the stage where the lift device clattered there was more than enough stimulation.

Applause light MR and sound effects noisily shake the visual and auditory senses.

However of course without giving them time to adjust to this large stage the song started playing right away.

ridge.

Hot accompaniment starting with drum beats.

The vocalist who was standing on the stage set skillfully made the first hit even in that situation.

[Not everyone wants it

Memories of love]

The cool voice runs through the rhythm making incredible use of the rhythm to the point where it’s hard to believe it’s the first time on a big stage.

When the ad-lib was added to the interlude the audience erupted in applause.

‘Oh damn.’

The frontman who was chatting with Park Moon-dae almost chewed his teeth while waiting.

Because his turn was next.

‘now!’

He grabbed the microphone and sang while checking that the camera in front of him was lit.

[I wake up at dawn and see a damp bed.

It looks like a trace of raindrops

[It is salty like sea water]

A voice that is pleasant to listen to fills the verse.

[It seems like a wave crashed in

I can barely bear it]

‘I did it!’

The frontman who brought out the high notes with his own vibe finished his part in joy.

Then the camera lights turned off and the next person appeared on the electronic display.

[I spent the past days crying

Reminiscing about the good old days.

I don’t want to do that anymore]

Cheers erupted again at the rough rocker’s voice.

All the parts that followed were full of personality and the good vocalists showed their individual colors and shined.

Moreover because the parts were arranged with harmony in mind it was great even if you listened to them continuously.

‘How good did I do?’

I couldn’t guess.

The frontman quickly came to the conclusion that it would be better to expect the stage itself to become famous so he decided to just enjoy the moment.

As the tension subsided he recognized Inyoung who was on standby on the side stage next to him.

It was the boy I was talking to earlier.

The frontman remembered that the guy’s part was in the latter half of the song.

‘Is it around 2 minutes and 40 seconds?’

However I remembered that it wasn’t even the climax part but rather an ambiguous chorus before it.

‘Cheer up friend!’

Having already completed his part well he enjoyed this time by eliciting positive responses from the audience and when the time came he slightly turned his gaze to check on the boy.

And finally a singing voice is heard.

[Not everyone wants it

Memories of love]

Strong and clear voice.

And a pleasant singing style that resembles a gorgeous connecting sound and a dripping purr.

Sharp high notes.

‘uh?’

It was a singing style that was significantly different from the calm sound during rehearsal.

However the surprising reason is simply because the boy sang the song in a completely different way from the rehearsal.

It wasn’t just the technique and technique.

[The world says

They say love is best.

I’m not saying it’s wrong but

oh

I don’t want to remember]

On stage.

He came up from the side stage and was singing the same song as the original singer.

* * *

I’ll be honest.

From the beginning I did not consider anything about blending harmoniously into this tribute stage and improving the overall quality.

‘Isn’t that the job of the stage planner?’

They didn’t give me any authority from arrangement to part distribution so what did you expect?

And I’m sorry but I had no intention of keeping the planning intention of ‘a stage where the voices of many unique local bands harmonize’.

There is no way that such an effective method could be left behind.

[oh!]

I looked at myself singing the song on the screen and also checked the number of comments underneath it.

[12721 comments]

Just one hour.

This means that there were so many people speaking out in a short period of time less than an hour after the video was uploaded.

‘Of course it’s even worse when you think about the unofficial video going around on social media as soon as the stage was over.’

Overall there was no aggro prey like this.

Reproducing the original song by myself on the tribute stage.

-(2\:46) Seriously what the fuck is this guy?

‘I know.’

I smiled and tapped my smartphone.

But let me make this clear.

‘Simply imitating it doesn’t have the effect I want.’

As time passed singing methods also changed to suit trends.

Have you ever listened to a song you liked from about 10 years ago again for the first time in a very long time?

Well we’ve all probably had the experience of being surprised that the singer of this song sang it so awkwardly or because it was so unfamiliar.

This is because in my head I have already refined the vocals I heard in the past into a modern modern way.

‘I can’t make you feel that sense of disconnection by watching my performance.’

That actually has less impact.

I don’t want to be criticized for imitating your song but I want to be told that the original singer immediately came to mind when I heard your song.

‘The image people have of the original singer’s performance.’

A sentiment I felt back in the day.

My goal was to remind you of that.

So it was important to find a modern appropriately adjusted ‘singing method’ that would be in people’s minds.

‘It took a damn long time.’

-Nope.

-Noooope.

-Sing a little louder! More!

Let’s take this opportunity to thank American Cha Yu-jin.

The fact that he gave an honest response from a local’s perspective was very helpful. When I got rejected about 10 times I got a brilliant performance.

‘Thanks to you I raised the level of completion as much as I could.’

It was a satisfactory result as my singing grade was above grade.

-Once again Park Moon-dae is good at singing and has a good mind.

-Wow I never imagined that I would come out here and tear it up haha.

-Can’t the song be sung like this from now on? It’s clearer to call it this way.

The domestic public response was also good. Because I also received the soup buff.

Of course the risk arose as expected.

-????Park Moon-dae why are you out there?

-If this crazy person comes out please let them know that it will come out. Ah the agency ㅠㅠㅠ No one would have been able to film the fancam right?

Starting with the fans’ disappointing reactions.

-Am I the only one who doesn’t like it? I didn’t know that during their comeback they would come out in that way ignoring all of their group’s colors.

└Me too… I seem like a person who is anxious to stand out alone.

└I really don’t know why they chose that as their first schedule during their promotion period. They just appeared as a group on talk shows like usual.

└Yes it’s scheduled to come out. Stop meddling pretending to be a fan when you don’t know anything.

Even this kind of aggressive reaction.

But it wasn’t at a level that I couldn’t handle. Well there are more than a few bastards who use Testa to get aggro.

‘It worked out cheaply.’

Anyway it was going to be buried as the comeback activities progressed further.

In addition the company plans to release the fancam soon so the fans’ disappointment was sufficiently alleviated.

There were enough legitimate reasons for fans to immediately think of why it was called that way without stressing about it.

‘Because it’s a tribute stage I said I sang it while remembering the original singer so what are you going to do?’

Isn’t this just a cover stage?

Of course I can’t stop people from having different opinions in the United States.

First of all let me point out my eligibility for application.

-KPOP is not a real band. He was chosen inappropriately.

-It’s fake.

└Oh please his band writes their own songs! What you think of as “factory manufactured” K-pop bands is an ignorant stereotype!

Next I would like to point out my performance itself.

It means there is no individuality.

-What exactly is his personality and KPOP style?

└Fuck his song was fucking perfect! I don’t want that damn “K-pop-ness.” He was the only vocalist who knew how to properly respect the original song!

-It’s like Rosie comes to life… He’s such a great singer.

└This is just an impersonation

└He was just polite and humble – he recreated a legend like a legend idiot.

How do I feel about all this fuss?

‘Rather it is a welcome.’

It’s not that my skills or personality are being disparaged and I’m just thankful that the controversy over the performance itself increases the number of views on the performance.

I wish this debate on the pros and cons could continue for a little longer if possible.

‘good.’

I rubbed my chin.

And it wasn’t my intention but…

‘Other vocalists on this stage will also benefit from this.’

It is certain that thanks to the aggro aspect it became more of a hot topic than if it had proceeded as planned.

Moreover since I have a comparison group there were quite a few videos comparing how different other people tasted the song from the original.

-I think that Asian boy’s part became the standard for this stage. Interesting.

-Rosie was a great vocalist but I like the third rocker better (laughing emoji)

Well it’s not bad.

I shrugged remembering the guy who grabbed me before the stage and started talking nonsense.

‘I posted a review on Inheart with all kinds of fuss.’

What about K-pop stars?

If possible it would be nice if you posted more pictures you took. Increase the buzz a little more.

With that in mind I began to search more for American reactions on the Internet.

Slowly the expected reactions began to appear one by one.

-Wait a minute are you that crazy alien band from the movie &lt;Cosmic Gunner&gt;?

at las.

‘You’re here.’

Testa’s meme that briefly became a hot topic on the American Internet.

└Oh my god that’s right

└This is really funny lol

└In a way this is a group with a really strong local flavor (laughing emoticon)

That started to connect.

Of course if we left it here there was a high chance that it would fizzle out again instead of absorbing all the attention from Testa.

Like a few times in the past when I was satisfied with getting some traffic through a music video.

But this time I won’t be satisfied with that.

I smiled and changed the page on my smartphone.

‘Let’s encourage it a little more.’

A little more fun.

I slowly began to write down a draft in English.

And at this point entertainment films filmed in Korea to promote the comeback also began to pour in.

[Who wants to hear late-night snack stories from people of the same age as Testa? | &lt;Just have a drink and go&gt; EP.26]
