---
title: "Chapter 531"
category: "book"
index: 530
section: "Chapter 531"
slug: "531"
---

# Chapter 531

“omg.”

This fan who has supported Park Moon-dae since he was a college student had an eventful year due to changing jobs.

And now we are being rewarded with overflowing Testa comeback content.

-Wow the kids’ group entertainment preview is out againㅠㅠ

Just looking at the news on social media made my heart warm.

‘As expected the promotion period is the best… ’

Since ancient times when it comes to idols I have always thought that performing on stage is the best but the pouring out of entertainment previews this time gave me something new.

Wasn’t Testa also having an eventful year with his escape from T1?

‘T1 bastards shamelessly mobilize all of their affiliates to retaliate!’

Moreover due to the industry atmosphere being cautious of the big player T1 Testa was tacitly ignored as if it was not in the recruiting line even though it was not an affiliate.

‘But I guess that’s gone a long way now.’

They had a hard time with the last album’s T1 variety show being blocked but now the tense atmosphere seems to be easing.

‘We had a hard time at the university really… ’

For some reason my eyes felt sore.

‘I will grit my teeth and endure retaliation from large corporations and become independent and achieve further success… My idol… King God K-Pop Emperor Star… ’

It was a side effect of being deeply immersed in the group narrative.

And today she visited her graduate school friend’s studio apartment to catch and watch entertainment shows of people of the same age as Testa!

“It’s a performance it’s beer! “I took it out!”

“okay!”

The two sat in front of the TV looking excited as if they were about to watch a blockbuster movie!

The moment the countdown to the premiere ended.

[Just have a drink and go]

[(please)]

“Oooh.”

When the majestic logo appeared the two clapped hard.

The public’s demand for candid images of celebrities gradually developed and eventually reached its peak in the era of WeTube.

A bar!

Various programs where people drink sing eat and do interviews were a hit.

And speaking of this program… it was a program about cheating with alcohol.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Wow hello…!]

[Professional host\: Kwaaaa!]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: ]

First after taking out a person’s soul.

[Professional host\: Today’s drink.]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Seon Ah-hyun\:…?!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Hahaha.]

The magic is done by alcohol content and glass size.

[Park Moon-dae\: You said one drink…]

[Professional host\: It’s just one drink right??]

Park Mun-dae was silent as he raised his glass.

It was pottery the size of an elephant’s bowl.

[hahahahahahahahaha]

[Professional host\: Our writer brought this…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes… I will politely decline]

[Professional host\: This is a cup that my mother baked herself. I brought it here because testers were coming… Do you not like it? The author is dissatisfied with his mother…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Absolutely not.]

It’s a skillful performance that makes you feel like you’ve heard from an instructor how to make an idol lose their idol!

[Professional host\: I’ll pour you a drink.]

[Park Moon-dae\: (quietly)]

[Giggle Coral Qualk Coraqual]

[Park Moon-dae\: ]

-Playing with it

It was just as the real-time chat said.

‘Oh my it’s Mundae!’

Homma almost knocked over his beer glass while laughing.

On the screen Dong-Gapz looked mesmerized at the Andong Soju pouring out in front of him.

The first to come to his senses was Sejin Lee.

[Lee Se-jin\: Host! Do you know what? This friend’s nickname is Apple Rice Cake~]

[Professional host\: Of course… I know!]

[Lee Se-jin\: As expected the host is a pro! Oh on that note how about this drink with a picture of an apple? It looks good!]

[Professional host\: Oh what’s in the glass right now is not good? Not to your taste?]

[Lee Se-jin\: Hey it would be nice to drink apples first~ That’s right!]

Lee Se-jin was not caught.

however.

[Professional host\: So you are now rejecting the traditional Korean soju made by a Korean master and choosing American apple cider…]

[Lee Se-jin\: Sorry.]

[hahahahahahahahahaha]

Tallulah has no end!

People of the same age group continue to be teased mercilessly in this cycle.

[Professional host\: Are you having fun?]

The wonderful snacks and the host’s masterful skill in recommending drinks combine brilliantly so you can drink without any time to be nervous.

-I’m losing my soul.

-Tana Bom Soju in Park Moon Dae is really drinking it like soju.

└Hahahahahahahahaha I can’t speak just drink…

└Do you guys use soju? I just think it’s a sweet drink

└Testa A lot of things have happened.

And after drinking a lot of alcohol while crying I got drunk and the mood started to relax.

From then on filming began in earnest.

[Professional host\: Us! Chicken feet from the company that collaborated with &lt;Doll Hunter&gt;! I brought it as PPL.]

[Oh oh oh]

[Professional host\: Yes. You have to eat Mundae.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Me?]

-yep

-Yes you are

Lee Se-jin burst into laughter after seeing Park Moon-dae conduct the chicken feet PPL with the attitude of a skilled teaching assistant.

I shouldn’t have done that.

[Professional presenter\: Mr. Sejin said he could hang upside down on that Pilates equipment.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Ah~ Yes yes. That’s a movement where strength is more important than you think.]

[Professional host\: I know how to do it too.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes?]

[Professional host\: I’ll show you.]

The host suddenly hung on a pillar!

[Lee Se-jin\: ]

An alcoholic broadcast that leaves even Lee Se-jin speechless.

“Hahahaha!”

“Ugh huh huh huh!”

Park Moon-dae ended up holding chicken feet for the first time in a long time and Lee Se-jin suddenly ended up correcting the professional instructor’s posture on Pilates equipment.

And the last one is Sun Ah-hyun.

[This person… drinks without saying anything…]

I was busy emptying my glass.

Every time the members got sick with Tallulah he drank it eagerly without any objection!

-He’s an angel.

-Our Ahyeon lived without being scammed because she was a right-winger than a left-winger.

It even moved the heart of the professional presenter.

[Professional host\: Mr. Ahyeon?]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Yes…!]

[Professional host\: Isn’t it difficult? Without snacks?]

[Sun Ah-hyeon\: It’s okay it’s okay…!]

-I’m drunk.

-He’s already gone.

[Feeling like a piece of trash…!]

[Professional host\: ]

[Professional host\: It’s okay! I’m trash!]

[Seon Ah-hyun\:…??]

The host made up his mind!

And the questions that had been agreed upon in advance gradually followed.

What do you think about this comeback? Do you like the parts you each played?

An introduction to Sun Ah-hyun’s wonderful handicrafts Lee Se-jin’s famous entertainment scenes and why Park Moon-dae’s painting skills are the way they are.

-Isn’t the last one about attacking?

-Park Moon-dae why on earth did you come here lol?

It was for drinking.

And Park Moon-dae was no slouch either.

[Professional host\: If you have been an idol for many years and have had a dark history like this cute charm was a little difficult even for me as a professional idol?]

[Park Moon-dae\: I’m a puppy so it’s okay.]

The shamelessness of not even changing the color of his face!

[Professional host\: (at a loss for words)]

[Professional host\: Haha… you are very shameless.]

[Park Moon-dae\: Thank you.]

“Mundae has come to his senses.”

“I know.”

It was finally time for Park Moon-dae to show his courage and not be pushed aside by the host.

The professional host skillfully spoke informally with each other to make the atmosphere more comfortable and then brought up a drinking game.

As for what type it was…

[Professional host\: I brought you a horror game guys.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I’ll go.]

[hahahahahahahahahaha]

Park Moon-dae who admitted through several public broadcasts that he was not very strong against ghosts decided to escape from the filming set.

[Professional host\: I’m a professional host Your… Your professional idol! You have to broadcast like a professional!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: If I just play another game…]

[Professional host\: No.]

[No]

“You’re not watching.”

“Oh it’s so good.”

Two fans of Park Moon-dae watched with joy as Park Moon-dae played a ghost story drinking game with the three strong hearts.

[Professional host\: What this means is that we take turns telling ghost stories. Then for whatever reason I startled and flinch! If you do it you drink it.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Yes…!]

[Professional host\: Oh drink it even if no one flinches when you talk about it. I’m drinking it.]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: (nervous)]

‘oh.’

Homma saw the future at that moment.

And as expected chaos ensued.

-Kwolada

-This is a twist.

The ghost story told by a drunk person was a mess.

However Lee Se-jin deliberately tried not to be surprised but instead reacted appropriately and loudly and Park Moon-dae twitched his shoulders every time he did that so he drank the punishment.

After a few incredibly funny scenes.

[Professional host\: Did you drink the entire drink?!]

[Astonishment]

In the end Park Mun-dae emptied the elephant’s cup!

[Park Moon-dae\: If you drink one more drink…]

[Professional host\: Hey.]

[Professional host\: We decided to just have one drink.]

However this broadcast also knew the extent.

[Professional host\: If you really want to drink it please sign the contract for the next appearance and you can get alcohol for that day…]

No actually maybe he just wanted to annoy the cast…

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh how about replacing that with our snack food? Mundae is also really good at cooking!]

[Professional host\: Really? Please cook quickly!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes…]

And without saying a word Park Moon-dae got up and started cooking diligently in the kitchen.

The intoxication seemed to have calmed the poison.

Sejin Lee eventually collapsed while holding back her laughter. The MC who was pretending to be calm next to him also collapsed.

And Sun Ah-hyun…

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: (Oh… I think I flinched!)

[Sun Ah-hyun\: (self-punishment)]

I drank alcohol.

-This guy is the craziest.

-Why on earth does Sun Ah-hyun drink so easily? Baby Bambi?

└They say Bambi quits and becomes Elk.

Meanwhile Park Moon-dae carefully looked at the fire-free seasoned squid meal kit (which was provided considering he was drunk) and proceeded with cooking.

-He’s humming.

-Happy light

For reference it was on the same day that Park Moon-dae roughly tore up the tribute stage at the AMA.

This means that there is a strong contrast with the triviality on screen.

-Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Not unusual

-No. 1 in survival is definitely different!

Still when Park Moon-dae finished cooking the food and sat down around the living room table we had a fairly honest conversation.

It was like sitting at an outdoor table at a convenience store while drunk and letting out all the thoughts in your heart.

[Park Moon-dae\: Testa is…]

[Professional host\: What about Testa?]

[Park Moon-dae\: This is a really hard-working group.]

[Professional host\: How much?]

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t drink alcohol.]

[Professional host\:…?]

-What are you talking about?

-What on earth is this related to?

-Is what you’re drinking non-alcoholic?

The downside was that anyone could see that he was a drunk person.

Still if you put it in context it had a touching atmosphere in its own way.

[Lee Se-jin\: Ah we try not to drink alone. Especially when you’re having a hard time if you drink you may become dependent on it for no reason… right Ahyeon?]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Ugh. yes that’s right! Because our goal is to stay healthy and work together for a long time…!]

[Professional host\: That! This is an attitude that really needs to be respected.]

It would have been nice if it ended here.

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t even eat a late-night snack.]

[Professional host\:…?]

[Park Moon-dae\: I can’t eat with these people.]

[Professional presenter\: (interpreting)]

[Professional host\: So… those two don’t eat late-night snacks?]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Yes.]

The host nodded as if he understood.

Even if you’re an idol you’ll be disappointed if you don’t eat a late-night snack together!

[Professional host\: Oh that’s a bit…]

[Park Moon-dae\: Well done.]

[Professional host\: ]

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s a professional thing to do.]

yes?

[Seon Ah-hyun\: Thank you Moon Dae-ya…!]

[Professional host\: No they are just cozying up to each other…]

[edit]

– Hahahahahahahahaha

-Stream of Consciousness Professor Moon-Dae Park

-Seon Ah-hyun responds quickly.

Park Moon-dae blurted out words without context that he would never normally have and Seon Ah-hyun also actively participated in the conversation contrary to the cautious attitude she usually shows on broadcast.

And all of it was edited to give it a cute feel to suit the purpose of the program.

There was a strange pleasure in seeing these people who usually rarely show their sloppy side show their innocent side.

[Park Moon-dae\: In fact we are now creating a similar Zaccon…]

[Lee Se-jin\: Stop~~]

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-It’s like a sword.

-No but wait a minute Testa what are you talking about?

Even its own content was passed over.

And then the moment of silence came as the cast sat down and sat down at the table.

It was time to finish.

On the table at the filming location which has already become a drinking party atmosphere.

[Park Moon-dae\: Then let’s go… let’s go in.]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Thank you thank you…!]

Testa’s age group staggered out of his seat and bowed politely.

The filming was quite heartwarming as the atmosphere was relaxed enough to keep me from frowning.

[Lee Se-jin\: Thank you!]

however.

[Professional host\: Mr. Sejin.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Yes?]

[Professional host\: Are you not drunk?]

Sejin Lee grinned.

[Lee Se-jin\: How can you get drunk with just one drink?]

[!!!!]

Lee Se-jin took the two with her and left the filming set in a nice simple way. I left my greetings to the staff everywhere on time.

[Professional host\:…??]

And the staff told the embarrassed host the truth.

[Sejin every time you drink you drink two or three times more water! Haha]

The edited version passed by on the screen.

There was a cut of Lee Se-jin continuously drinking water unnoticed.

The movements and timing are so natural that even the host doesn’t notice!

Lee Se-jin succeeded in controlling the tempo of his drinking!

I escaped without being harassed that much…

[Professional host\:…]

[Professional host\: You lost!]

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha

[I will prepare Korean whiskey for Lee Se-jin. by professional host]

Next time he ends with a promise to make Lee Se-jin into a monster.

And just like that the bar ended.

“Aaaah!”

“It was really fun!”

The two people who were watching while drinking beer shouted sincerely and refreshingly.

The graduate student even asked Homma.

“Do other people like it too?”

“wait for a sec.”

And that was when Homma connected to the internet community to see the reaction to this appearance.

There was already a testa post in the popular posts at the top.

However the response to this entertainment show was not about the title song.

[Real-time honorary American netizen Testa]

It was a combination of words I had never wanted.

“…?”

Why… he’s not just an honorary American he’s a netizen?

She absentmindedly clicked on the text.

———————

As all of the memes made in Testa America were discovered there was confusion in the American community haha.

(capture)

A situation where K-pop idols are treated as the creators of Gapbun memes.jpg

———————

‘…ah!’

Even the alien band and games from the Hotteok entertainment Netflix drama Limestone movie.

In the screenshot in the article Testa’s content was comprehensively organized with memes created in the English and American countries so far.

‘omg.’

It seemed that thanks to Park Moon-dae’s performance going viral on stage his band received some attention and led to this situation.

This meme and that meme belong to this band that hasn’t even officially entered the U.S. yet so netizens can’t help but be interested!

‘Wow if this happens… ’

Homma had a thrilling premonition that if this grew even a little bigger it could lead to Testa’s popularity in that area.

It was an intuition unique to someone who knows the physiology of the Internet well.

A source of overseas inflow!

but…

‘…Because they are foreign fans.’

Homma’s eyes almost blurred as she briefly remembered the chaos that often occurs when large groups with different emotions collide but she soon overcame it.

Right now getting Testa’s weight class bigger was a much bigger priority.

‘I need it to survive the military white flag!’

Because my goal was clear I was prepared for the side effects.

As the group became independent from the company the vicious personal fandom that had been famous since &lt;Azusa&gt; was greatly eased and the overall atmosphere was very good.

‘Let’s go.’

So she bravely turned the page back. The purpose was to look at comments about not only entertainment but also related topics in the domestic community.

But what was newly updated was not just the comments.

‘…uh?’

Latest new post.

The title caught her eye.

[Recording of Eter official opens]

This alone was enough to attract the attention of Testa member’s home horse.

Because ‘that’ Eter has been hanging around Testa since his debut.

The problem was the phrase that came next.

[(Mention of Testa)]

“…!!”

She clicked on the article right away.
