---
title: "Chapter 532"
category: "book"
index: 531
section: "Chapter 532"
slug: "532"
---

# Chapter 532

Testa’s lodgings after watching &lt;Just Have a Drink&gt; starring the same age group.

“I drink as much alcohol as an elephant…”

“…”

“…”

Bae Se-jin who had never seen this program before seemed momentarily dumbfounded by the revealed reality(?) but then tried to remain calm and muttered as if he was making a promise.

“Yes because it’s filming…”

But it seems like it will suddenly take off again.

“But you’re still there asking for another drink!”

uh. like this.

I responded calmly without changing my expression.

“It’s a broadcast. “I said that because I thought they wouldn’t really give it to me.”

“…Is it possible for you to think like that in your condition at that time?”

“of course.”

“…Ahyeon!”

“yes yes…!?”

“Is what he said true?”

“that…”

The living room is a total mess with Sun Ah-hyun sweating and conflicting between her conscience and friendship and Cha Yu-jin indirectly showing confidence in her drinking by saying that she should have left.

At that time Ryu Cheng-wu who had been quietly opening his smartphone alone opened his mouth.

“Guys. “I got a call from the company.”

“yes?”

At the mention of the ‘company’ everyone immediately shut their mouths and turned their attention to Ryu Chengwu.

This is because we have just entered the activity period so if something happens handling it quickly is key.

“Is it urgent?”

“Um… well.”

Liu Chengyu had a mysterious expression.

“It’s hard to judge. Would you like to see it in person?”

Seeing that we are disclosing it willingly it seems like we are the ones being criticized.

I first lowered the alert level and then focused on the smartphone screen he was turning to.

On the screen was an article from an online newspaper scam that was famous for reporting entertainment industry rumors in detail.

At first I thought it was just a rumor.

[Wonderhole monster rookie Eter official transcript released…”Overthrow Testa”]

“…??”

What is written is Ether.

‘what.’

Is it a benefit?

But… ‘Overthrow testa transcript’?

“What is Tado? Burn?”

“Let’s ruin it and make it disappear.”

“Oh~”

Let’s read and summarize the article using Bae Se-jin’s voice which gives a fairly aggressive interpretation as the background…

– Official A\: Is Testa there…? yes yes. thank you (Hang up the phone) Oh I can’t come out. I can’t come out.

-Related person B\: I guess he’s really trying to come out.

– Official C\: No matter how much they think about it I think they are conscious of us. Same goes for every unplay. Honestly I think I would be embarrassed. As if they are great artists that cannot be compared…

– Official A\: Honestly it’s a bit funny. They come from a broadcasting station. They are the kings of commercialism. The starting line is (different).

– Official C\: If they think they won this they really have no conscience or sense. (laugh)

– Official D\: Honestly I don’t even want to use costumes as a reference. (laugh). That’s the perfect expression for your excessive self-consciousness.

It was mentioned so blatantly that no excuse could be found. You have to hit the head or something.

‘oh my.’

It seemed like something that three members of Eter’s planning and management team had said in private had been leaked.

Isn’t it obvious? Competitive groups from other companies that are kept in check and unsightly are a good option.

———————==

…In response to this netizens said “It looks like rookies who just debuted will be easily swept away” “I heard that Wonder Hall was conscious of testers and it was true” etc…

———————==

And netizens’ reactions are almost like a sentence to hell.

I quickly started checking the current public opinion situation on my smartphone.

In the meantime Seon Ah-hyun carefully came up with a gentle reasoning.

“But… Isn’t there any evidence that those recordings are from them…?”

“Um that’s true.”

Perhaps the sentence that followed Keun Se-jin’s words was ‘Honestly I’m not surprised even if it’s true.’

Just by looking at what Wonder Hall has done so far with Testa you can vividly picture what the atmosphere within the company will be like.

‘I found it.’

And I finally discovered the source of this incident.

This is it.

“It’s not a transcript.”

“uh??”

“This is a staff conversation from Ether’s own content.”

Kim Rae-bin was also shocked.

“Are you saying you posted these malicious comments publicly on WeTube?”

“no. I think they were trying to get rid of it…”

“Same?”

“It was poor workmanship.”

It was a risk of cheap outsourcing.

Now here’s a fun shot that I can’t help but write about.

But what if a sound that shouldn’t be released was accidentally included in the background?

‘Just listen to that sound.’

If you remove the sound and install BGM through a program it usually works.

This time it exploded because ‘mistakes during work’ and ‘obsessive digging’ coincided amazingly. From Wonder Hole’s perspective it was like being struck by lightning that fell from a dry sky.

“ah…”

Expressions that are difficult to describe also flashed on the faces of those who roughly guessed the situation.

‘That’s how it works.’ I think the same description would be appropriate.

“But why did the rumor spread that it was a transcript? “The source is different.”

It was a valid question.

This is something that was included in the content that Wonder Hole themselves released.

In a way it is more reliable than a transcript but the reason why the transcript was attached…

“The person who posted it posted it that way.”

This means that the person who spread it deliberately chose more provocative words and had a strong desire to increase this controversy.

Oh… you work hard.

‘It looks like someone sent a reverse virus to Eter.’

Are you competing with Eter for the Rookie of the Year award this time? I reasoned briefly and scrolled down the smartphone screen.

“Mundae how is the internet atmosphere right now?”

hmm…

-Is this real?

-Wow I roughly expected it but it didn’t work out.

-Eter ㅅㅂYou’re overly self-conscious haha. Testa is keeping them in check so come to your senses. You guys aren’t even spacers.

-Wonder Hall where are you going?

-Wow it really doesn’t look like anything.

-It looks like it could be plagiarism from Testa seeing as they insist on using references haha.

huh. It’s hell.

“It’s controversial.”

“okay…”

Liu Chengwu was speechless and the others also looked somewhat dazed.

This is the first time we have encountered such a rare situation where a competing company without conscience falls on its own so everyone does not know how to react.

Keun Se-jin wiped the back of his neck and summarized the situation in a confused tone.

“First of all… we have a chance to meet people from Ether right? There is one episode left of &lt;True Battle&gt;.”

“yes.”

&lt;True Battle&gt;. It is a public broadcast singer survival program that has finished the first half of the season and now has the second half of the season remaining.

Here thanks to Testa we were able to open the door to casting and make the program more popular so the production team was extremely friendly to us.

‘There are many benefits we have gained by opening public broadcasting stations.’

For example this time I comfortably appeared in several popular programs operated by the public broadcaster’s WeTube channel.

However Testa is now busy with his activities so he was scheduled to voluntarily leave the show after only one episode in the second half of the season…

“I guess I’ll meet Ether there.”

yes.

Eter is also appearing there.

Meeting between the person involved in the controversy and the victim.

No matter how favorable it may be to Testa the entertainment industry will not miss this editorial bait.

“…”

“…”

“…Well let’s all be careful during the interview!”

“Ugh…!”

Let’s not get involved as much as possible.

Liu Chengwu confirmed with us out of courtesy.

“What is the probability that Ether will not come out and fall out?”

“Absolutely not.”

If you leave the show for no reason there will only be more controversy such as saying it was because you were stabbed. Moreover with Testa already defecting it seems unlikely that the PD will wait and see if one more team is left out.

Oh do you think Testa is going to say something here and send them away completely?

Are you not doing justice?

‘uh. ‘I don’t do it.’

If you do something like that outright you’re a fool.

The powerful are bound to be antagonized by the fact that they have been harmed since long ago. Avoid talking when you win.

In times like this the right answer is to keep quiet and feel relieved that these bastards have finally been punished.

“good. “Then let’s be careful and finish well until the end.”

“yes!”

It’s neatly organized.

“Okay then shall we head in today?”

“okay…”

We went into our respective rooms in perfect order remembering our schedule to start tomorrow at dawn.

‘oh.’

Thanks to this I just overlooked the fact that I drank about 1 liter of Andong soju during the broadcast. It was an unexpected help.

‘thanks.’

Self-destruction. If only people like this who could blow themselves up were here my job would be ten times easier.

Of course Wonderhole isn’t like that so they won’t continue to self-destruct like this. I’m going to try to fix it.

I laid down on the bed and monitored it again and made a light guess.

‘Once it calms down a bit in a few days I’ll try to settle things quietly.’

It was a prediction that took into account the strengths of the Wonderhole guys who are extremely good at unplaying.

And after some time.

-Wow I removed all the staff who mentioned Wonderhole.

As expected it went as expected.

A statement from Wonder Hall was posted stating that all of the staff members involved in the controversy were excluded from Ethereum.

Of course the reason why the staff did what they did was roughly dismissed as a personal matter but isn’t that the rule of this country?

-I heard that the short-term contract workers started talking amongst themselves lol.

└Aren’t they also affected by the atmosphere of the agency in the first place? Haha.

-Look at the cut off the tail.

-Still the large unit definitely handles the work neatly. I hope there will never be this kind of noise again.

-Testajap official certification ㅊㅋ

However seeing the widespread reactions like ‘I feel like my feet are numb’ and ‘I don’t believe it’ it was clear that the image of an elite rookie that Wonder Hall wanted to promote was shattered.

The agency has lost trust.

‘Two consecutive hits?’

Previously I had shaken up the image by connecting the spacer with Ether so this seems to have been the final blow.

Perhaps Eter will not make a comeback for a while after the second half of &lt;True Battle&gt; and will take care of himself.

‘If this goes on next year might be a bit more pleasant right?’

Now won’t those on the other side be even more nervous and avoid anything that involves us?

However of course the talk about the &lt;real match&gt; that we had considered in advance also emerged among netizens.

-Hey now that I think about it I’m going to meet Eter’s tester. Isn’t the second half of the match starting next week?

└Awesome

└Wow I feel embarrassed haha.

└If I am Eter I will get off.

I’m really looking forward to taking the D-day and waiting for it.

‘It’s very interesting.’

Well it’s not even a day or two before they change their stance and say they’ll criticize Testa like this so ‘the public is on our side!’ It’s not like I’m feeling the same excitement.

‘Let’s do our job well.’

In the idol world where scheming is rampant clumsy tactics cannot survive. If you just carve that into your head you’re halfway there.

I decided from the beginning that I would just enjoy this benefit.

“Mundae’s costume!”

“yes.”

I continued my schedule with the agency staff. Maybe it’s because of his mood but he looks energetic.

‘Come to think of it as much as we think it’s a good thing the atmosphere there is quite bad.’

And this guess was of course correct.

* * *

“Whoa…”

The waiting room of &lt;True Battle&gt; is full of tension and gloom.

The Ether leader clenched and unclenched his hands trying not to be conscious of his surroundings.

My hands were cold.

‘I’m worried… ’

I could see it as a natural thing since I would soon meet my senior but now things were a little different.

This is because we are meeting in an awkward situation after being criticized by public opinion for a long time for criticizing last year’s grand prize singer.

‘How did this happen?’

Testa.

Exchanging signed CDs with those seniors seemed like a long time ago.

The leader of Ether stood up with a smile on his face trying his best to look as relaxed as possible.

The manager immediately comforted me in a voice full of concern.

“You don’t have to worry. “All you have to do is say hello and the manager will take care of everything so just do as instructed.”

“yes. All right!”

Even though I answered bravely I felt moved for some reason.

This is because I felt that he cared about the members and at the same time felt the absence of some of the people who originally supported that statement.

These were people who could no longer be seen due to the recent ‘Tado Testa controversy’.

Most of them were fired. It happened like a lie in just a few days.

The leader of Ether bit his lip and thought.

‘The older brothers and sisters didn’t do that wrong…?’

The employees seemed to be having a hard time with the direction of the group recently.

So it seemed like he made that statement out of anger but usually he just said to target Testa.

Even after those controversial words I recalled asking them if they had heard anything and telling them not to worry saying “I said this because I was worried a lot these days.”

When that conversation was first revealed to the public it was just scary but if you listen to it again slowly it’s not even an insult.

‘It wasn’t any kind of personal attack.’

Honestly isn’t it possible for staff to mention competitors in private? The document was not circulated publicly.

It was abnormal to somehow restore conversations that had been erased by a program and disparage them.

Besides don’t the public say more explicit things than that to celebrities?

‘But to cut it all off like this… ’

It came as a great shock to the Eter members to see the employees who had taken care of them as best as they could crying and quitting work.

At that time I once again felt that the public was scary.

And now…

“…”

The Eter leader recalled the ‘Incidents and Controversies’ tab on their wiki that he had secretly searched on his laptop.

More than half of the problems involved Testa.

And even this conversation I heard after the incident occurred.

-The Testa company set it up on purpose.

-This is too obvious.

Employees were whispering to each other saying that given the circumstances it must have been moved by Testa’s company.

It’s called ‘keeping rookies in check’.

They also seemed to restrain themselves when Eter members were around but in situations where people around them were divided loopholes were bound to appear.

So the Eter leader came to think like this.

‘What did we do so wrong?’

Employees often said ‘This industry is booming but there are no seniors or juniors’ but isn’t that too harsh?

Testa is such a popular idol and is in his prime so why do they do this to people who have just debuted?

Somehow I remembered what the employees had told me right before my first meeting with Testa.

-They will do whatever they can to kill you so don’t get involved.

The leader of Eter seemed to be finally starting to understand why he said that.

So a while later I went to say hello to Testa’s waiting room. This is what came to mind when I saw the relaxed appearance of those people.

“Hello senior!”

-I wish it would just disappear.

If it weren’t for that group all the problems and breathtaking controversies that arose after debut wouldn’t have existed.

No it felt like all this pressure would disappear even now.

The Eter leader thought like that for a moment and looked at Testa. However he gritted his teeth and tried to maintain his polite expression.

To never leave any room for criticism.

And Park Mun-dae thought.

‘Look at this bastard’s eyes.’

Again the idol version is full of scheming tricks. A clumsy person cannot survive. Because everything has already been discovered.
