---
title: "Chapter 533"
category: "book"
index: 532
section: "Chapter 533"
slug: "533"
---

# Chapter 533

Ether has a bad feeling towards us.

“…Shouldn’t it be the other way around?”

“I think they misunderstood that we caused controversy.”

“…”

Testa’s waiting room where Eter said hello and left.

Bae Se-jin who was silent for a moment opened his mouth with a shocked expression.

“Is there something their company did to us?”

“You don’t know.”

These are people who haven’t even received their resident registration cards yet. What kind of person would have figured out what was going on if they were that mature? They are just siding with our company.

‘There’s still a trick that Wonderhole planted on us… ’

Anyway too much has happened so far to be upset that a nosy person who doesn’t even know what’s going on has an antipathy towards Testa.

Wasn’t there someone who laughed and poured controversy over the creation of our Rookie Award?

‘I had a fight with the broadcasting station but now I’ve come too far to be afraid of the kids.’

So this conclusion was reached.

“Well you’ll figure it out. Let’s do our job well and then go back!”

“Yep!”

After changing clothes neatly we headed to the filming location.

“We would like to express our gratitude and welcome to all the returning artists!”

“Oooh!”

The opening concept of episode 1 of the second half of the season of &lt;Real Battle&gt; was a party.

The strategy would be to open the curtain with a flashy party-like ending and then contrast it with the pain of survival immediately afterwards through editing…

‘Typical.’

Still it seems that the tailcoat outfit will be quite in demand among their respective fans.

I drank non-alcoholic Sampyein and greeted other cast members with my camera. Of course these are the people who have already greeted everyone in the waiting room.

It’s a bit funny that we attended the opening event when we would voluntarily leave after one performance but that means we have to work harder so we don’t make a different sound.

In fact perhaps because they knew that they would soon be missing the singers who appeared showed less signs of keeping them in check than before.

Besides don’t we have some good recent news to mention?

“Congratulations on Testa’s comeback! “The music video was really cool!”

This is it.

“thank you.”

After saying hello to the soft and sweet member in the light green dress I turned around and this time other guys came rushing in and bowed their heads.

It’s ether.

“Congratulations on your comeback senior.”

He looked nervous as if he was going to be more careful in front of the camera.

But this time I couldn’t hide my eyes.

‘What a mess.’

Moreover it seems like the leader’s outlook has spread to the others so it seems like they are talking amongst themselves.

“Oh thank you. Eter the last performance was good and I’m looking forward to this one as well.”

“yes! i look forward to.”

Looking at the look in his eyes when he looked at Ryu Cheong-woo who gave him an appropriate congratulatory message on stage…

‘I’m sure I’ll win or something like that?’

A venom that had never existed before appeared.

‘The Wonder Hole guys benefit from this again.’

It seemed like those guys had come to regard the company’s suffering as their own. They must have subconsciously laid down the basic logic that the company’s position is their own position.

‘Once the way of thinking is established like this it won’t change easily.’

Why did a freelance idol have to have the sense of ownership that the company and its employees required?

“Yes~ Thank you!”

Anyway Testa got over the situation smoothly and easily.

You have to clap your palms together to make a sound but since we were like this there wouldn’t have been any tension that would have been caught on camera.

“Now then the theme of the spectacular first act of the second half of &lt;True Battle&gt; is…”

I listened carefully to the MC’s noisy introduction to the theme of this stage and finished filming the opening without incident.

And this time Testa quickly entered the stage meeting as usual.

“Then shall we go like this?”

“great!”

And it was over in an instant.

This team has a lot of experience on the creative stage and has already figured out each other’s capabilities.

Moreover since they are close to each other the results can be reached quickly without any intrusive elements in the meeting.

As far as first place goes it may vary depending on the style of the audience on that day. At this level it will easily be in the top ranks.

‘I can afford it.’

Eventually the interview was conducted and the filming ended smoothly.

“Then we will leave in 10 minutes.”

“Yes~”

It was a smooth process.

And most of the short breaks were used casually.

“Raebin Kim Smile!”

“…?!”

From choosing photos to post on social media to packing clothes and electronic devices to solving Sudoku. It was an everyday scene.

There was not a single member who looked anxious.

“Well aren’t you all curious about what kind of stage Ether will perform?”

Including Lee Se-jin who asked me this while handing me a drink.

I nodded briefly.

“maybe.”

It was a comeback period so there was no time. Everyone unconsciously concluded that there was no need to split this up again and invest in detailed information warfare.

One of the staff even said that even if the Testa stage format was leaked and Eter copied it and did it first he didn’t think they would lose.

This means that the difference in capabilities is visible to that extent.

This guy obviously knows what he said to me so why bother asking this…

“You don’t like it?”

“uh? Hey… it’s not like that!”

Even though he said that the smile on his face disappeared slightly.

“Should I just say I’m a little more alert?”

Alert?

I put down my drink to show that I would listen.

“Do you remember ‘Azusa’? At that time I was really anxious to do well somehow. “I want to debut.”

I remember.

And that wasn’t the only thing that happened back then.

“You were like that even after you debuted.”

“Huh it’s a bit like that isn’t it?”

Yes it was like that even during the first concert.

-I have to do better than Cha Yu-jin on the unit stage this time.

So this guy comes to mind who succeeded in receiving favorable reviews by performing a duet with Cha Yu-jin.

Moreover even in the virtual world where he debuted as Gyrop he was the one clenching his teeth so there would be no need to explain further.

“But at that time the team atmosphere was a bit like that. What can I say… There is something about running at full speed one by one without adjusting pace or speed.”

“okay.”

First of all I did that. There was nothing I could do because I was going to die if I couldn’t get the grades.

Big Sejin narrowed his eyes slightly.

“But now I feel like that sense of urgency is gone because we’ve come so far… Of course so do I.”

“…!”

Big Sejin muttered in a slightly subdued voice.

“What can I say a desperate desire to improve? Should I say it’s a sense of crisis…”

“…”

“Now even without that the team runs well.”

This team is definitely less desperate than before. Much calmer.

The group is stable and there are no conflicts regarding direction or part distribution positions.

My company has also settled down well.

‘I no longer feel like I’m walking on thin ice putting in so much effort into each and every schedule for fear of not being able to jump.’

Now unless it’s something supernatural like losing one’s memory the group won’t be shaken.

‘Right now I’m free from the situation where if I don’t get good grades I’ll lose.’

Compared to the past few years of running for survival in crazy situations at every moment now it was no different from soaking in lukewarm water.

‘But it also means living like a human being.’

It is impossible for humans to live with their heads spinning like crazy every day as if they were playing death survival.

Eun Se-jin must have been thinking the same thing and soon frowned and added as if joking.

“Hmm now that you say it it sounds like you’re really full don’t you think?”

“I didn’t say that.”

“Mundaemundae is getting serious again!”

The guy grinned. But I didn’t laugh along.

“Of course that doesn’t mean it’s bad… It’s just a little weird.”

He probably thought this situation was stable in his head but he felt uncomfortable somehow.

This seems to have become more noticeable now that the season which was full of chaos due to members’ memory issues has passed and things have become quieter.

‘…hmm.’

I brought up his status window.

[Name\: Sejin Lee]

Singing\: B (B+)

Dance\: S- (S)

Appearance\: A (A+)

Talent\: A+ (A+)

Trait\: Be quiet (B)

The stats this guy has raised over the past few years are already 7p when converted to system points.

It was proof that he had been developing himself to an unbelievable extent.

‘The alphabet units for singing and dancing have changed.’

The stats he raised to get closer to the limit really showed his desperate attitude of never letting down his guard and training even after his debut.

“This is just something I tried so don’t worry too much about it…”

“I see. “I kind of sympathize.”

“…! okay?”

“uh.”

I nodded to the guy who seemed a little surprised.

It was natural for a guy like this to feel anxious if he wasn’t fierce.

To some extent I am like that too.

“But how long do you think this period of stability will last? “There are so many accidents like this every year so even if we don’t want to we will have to do it again soon.”

“…”

“Just take it easy at least until something unexpected happens.”

A person must also recover.

“And you still have a lot of drive to improve. “I can be sure of that.”

“…okay?”

“okay.”

“okay… thanks.”

“what.”

The guy opened his drink again and drank it looking slightly relieved without much resistance.

And I got a little lost in thought.

‘Are you wary of mannerism?’

This might have been a problem that came to me naturally around this time after I succeeded in becoming popular.

Then I remember this guy who was in my senior year around the time I debuted.

VTIC Cheongnyeo.

‘I guess he had similar thoughts.’

I guess my attitude towards that guy hasn’t changed just now.

I was able to understand more clearly why he acted like that.

‘Oh now that I think about it… ’

I have some free time tomorrow morning.

While I was thinking about it I decided to take care of his request when I had time.

* * *

“king!”

I roughly picked up the yellow furry dog that ran across the artificial grass field created on the rooftop.

This is Kong Cheongryeo’s dog.

“wait for a sec.”

Let’s take some pictures.

I avoided the guy who was talking to me and left him in the care of a person called ‘Puppy Teacher’.

And I quickly took a picture before he got upset and handed it over again.

“Kkiing…”

“He’s a very good boy but he misses his brother a lot.”

Considering that his job is as an idol his professionalism in not calling him dad stands out.

I got up only after I was sure the dog was in good health eating well and playing well.

We were so busy that we didn’t have time to spend more time together.

And then it was time to go through the reservation-only passage.

A person walking with a cage in front of the private parking lot suddenly flinched and started waving his hands wildly.

“Oh Mr. Mundae?”

What is it?

‘Is this someone who recognized Testa?’

It wasn’t until he got closer that I looked at his face and realized it was someone I knew.

“Hello senior.”

That was a T-Holic member.

The guy whose name must have been Ha Jin-tae looked at me with curious eyes.

“Do you also raise a dog Moon Dae?”

“no. “I’m asking an acquaintance for a favor.”

“Oh… Are you Shin Jaehyun’s friend?”

How did you know?

“…yes.”

“Wow it looks like you two are really close friends.”

It’s just that he doesn’t have any friends.

However I held back my eyebrows from twitching and tried to take my steps again.

Let’s not talk too long. There’s really no time.

But the next words almost made me stumble.

“I was recommended this place by Woodan.”

I couldn’t believe my ears.

“VTIC senior Joo Dan?”

“uh. “I like this kind of information.”

I couldn’t believe that this awkward older person was friendly with that socially inept guy but there must be a variety of human relationships in the world.

I’m not interested.

“Ah… I see. I’ll have to ask next time too. “Then I hope you take good care of your dog sir.”

“Oh thank you. thank you!”

But instead of stopping talking T-Holic started following me as I walked to the parking lot.

“…?”

“No I have something to ask.”

“yes?”

“It’s our agency. Speaking of the Eter kids who debuted at Wonder Hall how was it when you met them?”

Are you asking this out loud?

‘What is your intention?’

I responded calmly without showing any signs of agitation.

“They seem to be hard-working juniors.”

“Um… right.”

The Tea Holic member nodded.

“You probably haven’t felt like you’re just playing around with the stage yet. These days my agency is so obsessed with the Tic Tac Tok stage that they only ask the kids to do that.”

i get it. I guess he really doesn’t plan on renewing his contract with Wonder Hole.

“Is that so?”

“yes.”

Despite my soulless response the T Holic member cheerfully spoke up again.

But this time the tone was a little different.

“But don’t underestimate me too much. “Kids who have been trainees in large companies for a long time usually have the ability.”

The Tea Holic member laughed a little bitterly.

“tenacity.”

* * *

When Park Moon-dae unexpectedly met a T-Holic member at a dog facility.

“…”

At the same time in Eter’s dormitory their leader was monitoring with a serious expression.

A music video that I have watched several times.

[TeSTAR ‘Hunting season’ Official MV]

It was Testa’s comeback music video.
