---
title: "Chapter 534"
category: "book"
index: 533
section: "Chapter 534"
slug: "534"
---

# Chapter 534

Testa’s comeback music video.

What first appeared in the video was a picture cartoon with gaps between cuts.

A scarlet circus tent with blinking lights at midnight. The bizarre place where Kim Rae-bin took off her rabbit mask and got sucked into in the teaser video.

An echo effect was used as if in someone’s memory and a faint playing sound rang out.

[♬♪♪-♩ ♬♩-♬♪♪]

A circus performance’s unique melody and cheerful drum sounds played with colorful lights accordion and harmonica.

However the circus performers wearing animal masks looked tired and shabby and performed a dangerous performance wearing prisoner chains while the audience only black silhouettes giggled and slapped their palms together.

Images of a joyful festival full of disparity passed by in a dizzying fragmentary manner as if changing a film.

But as if a flame goes out

Tuk.

Everything suddenly disappears.

There was silence on the screen calm and dark. And what appears is a dark backstage.

Real video not a cartoon.

[—-]

The camera slowly captured the black screen and slowly took a close-up as if it were being sucked in.

ridge. ridge.

While the slow meaningful sound of a heartbeat-like drum resonates a human figure standing in the center comes into view in a blur of light.

It was a silhouette of a circus performer.

The silhouette of the performer who was standing quietly was tearing off the old mat and chains that were on the outside.

And what is revealed is…

A man wearing a long coat with a scarf over a black suit that closes at the neck.

Liu Chengwu.

Sweet.

The moment the close-up stopped.

A light bulb came on like a flash above Liu Chengwu who was standing.

Boo-!

Along with the low howling sound of a boat horn the sound of drums like a battle ceremony spread out and a sharp and powerful synthesizer sounded dangerously.

In response to the sound Liu Chengwu slowly raised his collar covered his face and pulled his hat down.

And the moment he suddenly runs into the screen it switches to a performance cut.

[It’s now.]

The choreography that seemed to spread the shadows exquisitely stole the view as if swallowing the camera.

From then on I binge-watched music and videos without any break.

As each part changed the camera went back and forth between inside and outside the complex circus tent showing the audience being attacked.

The way it unfolded as if running through a mysterious space from the cameraman’s first-person perspective increased immersion.

The moment he encounters a camera shaking in the dark Kim Rae-bin kicks a rabbit mask in front of it and throws it in the first verse.

[The tables have turned

Today you are the sheep

Run further go ahead

It’s fun doing some tricks]

In contrast to the somewhat comical retro circus music I first heard modern and heavy syllables struck my ears in sync with the performer’s movements.

Even using sound effects that will whet your appetite at the right place.

It almost feels like an invasion from an advanced civilization.

“…Whew.”

Ether’s leader Noir rewatched scenes he had watched over and over again.

Foot-stomping chorus choreography.

The choreography and expressiveness seem to have honed the image of ‘hunting’ to the limit in the most attractive way.

A neat and intimidating feeling where even the shape of every limb and joint fits no matter what timing you stop.

[A night of reversal

hunting time

(Yea-h)

[Call up it’s hunting season]

Halloween night when circus animals hunt the audience.

The fun and glamorous yet cruel atmosphere of the circus seemed to be torn apart by the weight class difference due to the overwhelming sound and performance.

That catharsis!

The performers vividly brought out the unique atmosphere of anti-heroes without any awkwardness.

The members who knew when to apply strength and when to withdraw strength knew where to most effectively apply wow points were in awe.

Last refrain.

Cha Yu-jin standing at the center bounced her whole body and moved wildly as if leading the way.

Even then the moment the music stops as if it’s sucking you in you pose at the right time.

His eyes sparkled like an animal.

[Get close to me]

That overwhelming command of command.

Testa’s music video did not lose its tension until the final moment when Sun Ah-hyun threw a circus light bulb on the floor with an expressionless white face.

No matter how many times I watched it it was overwhelming.

“…”

The leader of Eter put down the note he was writing with slightly trembling hands.

I felt my vision becoming blurry.

‘I can’t do it… ’

I tried to hold back but despair came over me.

It was like a feeling a high school student would feel when trying to write a major thesis.

It is certain that this is the goal to be met at the end of the studies one has learned but it is too far away to be realized in a standard way with what one has now.

The performance of an incredibly talented opponent who was several years ahead of him put tremendous pressure on him who had just become a professional.

“ah…”

Originally when they saw Testa as just a ‘respected senior’ they could use it as motivation that they would become like that someday.

However if you think that you have to be as good as these people right away you will feel suffocated.

It seemed impossible.

“…”

However the leader of Ether tried to escape that feeling.

He then flipped through the notes he had written down and looked at the keywords he had written down that he ‘wanted to emulate’ or ‘express in this way.’

‘It’s slow but there’s nothing to be gained…!’

There is definitely something new to write about every time I look back. Every time I analyze I wonder ‘Why is Testa’s performance so good?’ This is something that can be caught specifically.

So he gritted his teeth.

I won’t give up.

‘Even if it’s similar!’

“brother! We’d like to practice a little more… Yes. This is Teacher Choi. “If you have time today…”

He asked his manager to schedule additional practice.

Those who didn’t have much had to do it somehow even if it meant splitting their time.

‘You can do it!’

We will do it as always.

He made a promise and hid the laptop he had secretly brought back under the bed.

On the last screen of the laptop there was an image of Park Moon-dae singing a gentle cross-beat bridge alone.

* * *

“Mr. Moon please close your eyes~ I will not touch the earphones as much as possible.”

“yes. thank you.”

As I carried out my schedule for the day I recalled what had just happened.

‘therefore… ’

I was trying to take a few pictures of someone else’s dog but ended up getting harassed by a senior colleague who didn’t even know me.

For your information that senior T-holic Ha Jin-tae had a lot to say until the end.

-Mr. Moon Dae let’s have a drink together with Udan sometime!

I don’t know how I came up with this idea but I just want to say that I really wanted to reject it.

I also want to say that I never wanted this phone call either.

[I heard that you met senior Jintae.]

Oh yes.

I continued to put on my makeup while taking calls from VTIC Joo Dan with my Bluetooth earphones.

“yes. “But I’m sorry but since I’m currently at a shop my response may be a little late.”

[it’s okay. I am not one of those people who cannot be considerate of others’ situations at all. Moreover the situation I am in now is also special.]

I can also give a simple explanation that I am in the military like that.

Anyway since there was no reason to refute it I readily agreed.

“You’ve been through a lot.”

[yes. There is no such thing.]

“…”

And I listened to him say something along the lines of ‘The military isn’t rational but if you adapt you too will be able to survive.’

‘Is it a national rule for corporals to change their words when they have time?’

Anyway since I didn’t really have anything to say to this guy I thought I’d just listen to him for a while and then hang up.

In the meantime a somewhat interesting topic came up.

[Senior Jintae claims that he seems to have given quite useful advice. Is it okay if I treat it as truth?]

hmm…

I frowned slightly recalling my conversation with the Tea Holic guy.

‘It was advice.’

T-holic Ha Jin-tae said not to underestimate Eter too much and said “Guys who have been trainees at large entertainment companies for a long time have perseverance.”

But honestly when I first heard it it didn’t seem like very meaningful advice.

‘Are there any idols who succeed without persistence?’

First of all it seems like a virtue that all successful people have.

So I asked again without thinking.

-What does persistence mean?

-hmm. Is this a bit ambiguous?… Do you know how kids who debut at large entertainment companies usually debut?

-yes?

-You work hard to pass the audition work hard to get into the debut group and work hard to release your debut album. But there is no guarantee when that will happen.

And through the explanation that followed I understood what this guy meant by ‘persistence’.

-The period of when the debut group will be released is unknown so we have to work tirelessly for several years but since debut is through a needle hole it is very difficult.

This meant that the aspiring kids knew that debuting at a large entertainment company would be an unconditional advantage so they were trying to stick with it for dear life.

And if you overcome that and win you will debut.

-So the kids who made it through that and debuted got the idea that they could do anything if they worked hard. They all think they achieved it through their own efforts.

The group of guys who made it through each stage without any compromise whether due to luck or skill is the group that debuted at a major agency.

In short I don’t know the taste of failure.

-Subconsciously they never admit that they might fail no matter how hard they try.

‘So… it’s called persistence but it’s closer to stubbornness.’

Are you glorifying the fact that you can’t stop cutting because you don’t know the timing as ‘perseverance’?

I came to that conclusion but the conclusion the T-Holic member came to was strange.

-That means you can always try your best. For a very long time without getting tired. Ugh.

In those words I could even sense that I was a little tired of myself. Just like I experienced.

‘…no way.’

At that time a different group came to mind than the Eter that T-Holic used as an example.

This is the idol that would have been the most annoying to T-Holics in their prime and they are a group that perfectly fits the description of being ‘from a large entertainment company’.

[hmm. It’s not wrong.]

It’s VTIC.

From Tiholic’s perspective since VTIC was viewed that way it seemed like Ether was also analyzed from the same perspective.

‘That’s not it.’

VTIC was like that because the leader was held tightly by a crazy person who was outside the standards and Ether was not outside the standards.

‘I think it would only make sense if there was a guy on the team with a lot of skill.’

…The VTIC party seemed to sympathize internally.

[This is a convincing analysis. It’s a bit surprising. I too made my debut without knowing failure. In fact it is no different from a flower in a greenhouse.]

“…I see.”

[yes. I don’t want to leave the greenhouse in the future.]

Are you saying that with your own mouth?

Anyway I kept T-Holic’s advice in mind but decided not to try to adapt it too much to Testa’s situation.

‘Because each situation is different.’

…and soon I was able to see with my own eyes what I said\: ‘Each person’s situation is different.’

A few days later.

The day of recording the mid-stage evaluation of &lt;True Competition&gt;.

[Escape the silence and gear up again

Fill this space with applause]

Eter performed before Testa.

[Set up]

I did my best until the end of the stage.

“…”

The amount of practice was visible during the dance break.

Of course it seemed complete before but this does not mean that.

‘The quality has changed.’

Before it felt like I was practicing hard as someone else planned and taught me but now it feels like I’ve been practicing to squeeze out the ‘maximum’.

‘I can feel that he put a lot of thought into giving each part as natural an impact as possible.’

It was evident that he was desperate to show everything without a single regret.

This is the look of a desperate person.

The feeling conveyed to the viewer by a person who fights and tries to win at all costs even though he knows the reality is that he cannot win.

“…”

I clenched my fists.

There is a narrative in the world that universally moves people’s hearts.

A situation where there is a cliff behind you.

The tenacity of gritting one’s teeth and trying to do something in a tightrope walk of dilemma.

Unique persistence and effort.

The will to push forward despite being under fire amidst checks and controversies.

It was a unique attribute of Rising.

…regardless of the reason for the controversy.

Regardless of whether it’s a real bastard or not.

The mentality that makes you want to cheer for this team that is on the rise as an underdog.

-Underdog.

It was a position that Testa had almost monopolized until it received the grand prize.

Even in Testa there are a lot of these ‘bad guys’ and by maximizing the narrative through survival it was an attribute that was able to capture the public for a very long time.

However when a challenger becomes a champion the challenger’s attributes naturally disappear.

An image that can only be had for a limited time.

‘But not all well-known teams can have this.’

This is because there is a minimum line.

-He looks good at it too.

This was the qualification.

-If you work hard and do well like that you should be treated better.

Evoking this emotion on a stage where the public is interested.

At least this threshold had to be passed to be effective.

And so far no team has surpassed that since the testa…

[Jump over!]

The guys performing the mid-term evaluation performance on that stage were barely crossing that limit.

“…”

Holy shit.

This is the story that the survival production team will like the most.
