---
title: "Chapter 535"
category: "book"
index: 534
section: "Chapter 535"
slug: "535"
---

# Chapter 535

Testa waiting room after mid-term evaluation.

“You did a good job.”

This is a short review of the members who watched Eter’s mid-term evaluation performance.

Half of them have faces that say ‘We need to work harder too!’

And the faces of the rest of the guys who instinctively knew how the situation was going to turn out… were closer to ‘I got it.’

“Will this be aired before the final stage recording begins? “I guess that’s because of the date right?”

“uh. I think at least the pre-release video will come out before the final stage.”

“…after.”

In short it is difficult to reverse the production team’s editing direction by re-planning for the final stage.

Before that there is a video that is released in advance considering only this middle stage.

‘If I were on the production team I would never miss this phrase.’

A rising group that prepared desperately to pierce the needle by appearing in the midst of controversy and finally showed its potential on stage.

And even the senior group the other side of the controversy.

Our role here will be like this.

-Hey what was Testa’s reaction?

If you don’t act like a great person here it’s only for a moment that people become dirty. In a situation where the target of empathy in the program has already been identified as Ether.

Testa was pushed out of the narrative fuck.

‘Anyway viewers will find it interesting.’

Unless the production team was stupid the narrative of ‘Ether overcomes adversity and achieves good results’ was already confirmed at the time the interim evaluation was selected.

It was only natural that the painting was chosen like this.

Instead of retorting Keun Se-jin also let out a long sigh. Unlike usual there was no bitter smile.

I was similar.

‘I feel better than I expected.’

And perhaps because the atmosphere was strange Raebin Kim cautiously raised his hand.

“…? Do you think that our stage prepared this time will be inadequate compared to that of the Ether people?”

Ryu Cheong-woo smiled bitterly as he looked at the guy who looked like he was going to blurt out ‘We did better’ at any moment.

“No I don’t think so.”

Looking at it objectively of course Testa did better in the intermediate evaluation.

Raebin Kim also nodded loudly.

“As expected! “I wondered if I might have missed something.”

But you probably wanted to ask why the atmosphere was so strange.

I gave the answer in advance.

“It’s because it’s natural to be good at it.”

“yes…?”

“This means that now even if we do well people won’t be agitated or surprised. “Because there are expectations that have been built up over time.”

“…”

This isn’t just a problem of Testa being pushed to the stage by a rookie.

It’s a question of freshness.

and…

‘The problem is that those bastards’ agency is showing how far they will go to suck this up.’

Wouldn’t you go viral and get excited while talking nonsense about turning a crisis into an opportunity?

-Participating teams responded well in today’s real match (spoilers included)

– Current status of Eter which I thought was going to hell

-A rookie group that is more practiced than you can imagine.

-Hey are you good at Ether?

It’s already nice on the eyes.

In the meantime Eter itself is just working hard so it seems like we are finding loopholes and sending them to public opinion.

This is because it may backfire.

‘People recognize that as if it were a ghost.’

As soon as the ridiculing atmosphere created by Wonder Hall’s self-destruction disappeared it seemed clear that the ‘unexpected discovery’ that the Eter members were just honest and easy-going guys would become a trend.

In order to go against the trend something bigger was needed.

‘My bone hurts.’

“Mumundae do you have a headache…?”

“…are you okay.”

I took my hand off my temple.

…I had a feeling that it had become complicated in many ways.

And things started to go as expected.

A few days later.

[&lt;Jin Seong’s match&gt; What’s going on? Midterm evaluation with twists and turns | [Pre-release]

When the pre-release video came out

-Is Eter finally going to collapse? But if it’s a twist isn’t it supposed to float?

-I knew it would be like this because the broadcasting company is close to Wonderhole.

-Write a narrative hahahaha

Some people said this just by looking at the title.

-Are you good at it?

-It’s better than I thought.

-I feel sad for no reason when I strain my eyes to keep from crying.

This changed after watching the video.

This means that Eter’s desperate attitude felt too realistic to be said to have been created through editing.

‘And because the results actually came out.’

I could feel public opinion shaking.

It seemed like the production crew could be heard from far away rejoicing that the aggro was a success.

‘after.’

There were people who expressed interest in our performance but it was pushed down from buzz to numbers.

Naturally I thought I would do well so there was nothing to criticize so I lost interest.

I looked at the smartphone screen.

‘Can you turn it over?’

To be realistic and safe I might have to give up this game and plan the next one.

There are rookies who have caught the timing well and have risen to the top and I am prepared to share the pie with them in the future.

‘…I would have thought this if it were another rookie.’

I don’t feel like it.

These bastards have accumulated too much karma for their agency.

Moreover right after this video was released Kim Rae-bin discovered the final blow to that karma.

In fact it was not created by the agency but by Ether themselves.

“I may be mistaken but the more I watch parts of Eter Junior’s pre-released performance the more I feel a sense of déjà vu in the composition and expression.”

“Deja vu?”

“yes.”

Kim Rae-bin who had been thinking for a moment while looking at his laptop opened his eyes wide and shouted as if he had figured it out.

“All right. “You can see the gestures the members usually use on Eter people’s stage!”

“…!”

“For example in this scene where he is raising his hand…”

We listened to Raebin Kim’s explanation as he brilliantly went back and forth between the videos using shortcut keys.

And I was convinced right away.

“It seems similar…”

“OK. Literally I see.”

The facial expressions and gestures that Testa members used as a habit seemed right at the right time.

Of course the people were different the songs were different and they all fell into the right place quite naturally so it wasn’t to the point where I could tell where they came from as soon as I saw them.

‘…I must have done a lot of analysis.’

I felt like they didn’t roughly follow it but really thought about ‘why it’s good’.

But that’s from the perspective of those who followed suit and what do you think about those who were harmed?…

“Isn’t this too harsh?!”

This is it.

However I calmly shook my head at Bae Se-jin’s embarrassed words.

“You can’t say anything just because the gestures or facial expressions are similar. “Because it’s not copyrighted.”

If you can’t do it awkwardly it will stand out in a bad way and you will be found out quickly. And he will be criticized for saying ‘He thinks he is a tester.’

However if you do it well you will be able to move past the question ‘Did you pay for the gesture?’

“And in the first place everyone practices with a cover stage before debuting. You start by imitating your favorite idol’s gestures and facial expressions. “I can’t practice if I don’t have a reference.”

In a word it means ‘It is difficult to criticize it for having no business ethics.’

“…So this is also a reference?”

Bae Se-jin gritted his teeth.

“Are we the only ones following?”

“…”

He probably didn’t necessarily intend to follow Testa alone.

I guess I just didn’t have time.

‘I wouldn’t have been able to conduct research while watching multiple teams.’

So I guess I was trying to pick out the strengths of the senior by focusing on the stage of the senior I was most conscious of right now and watching it several times.

From Eter’s point of view you might think they were just trying their best but for a group that has experienced similar things several times it was natural for a member to be upset.

“This isn’t the first time someone has used a reference like this one-sidedly. “Shouldn’t we do something to protest?”

“Brother thinking like that is useless.”

Big Sejin spoke clearly. Then he pressed his eyebrows and spoke lowly.

“It’s a stage. “If you handle this well it’s yours.”

“…! Where does such sophistry come from…”

“no! “The atmosphere doesn’t suddenly change just because my brother doesn’t acknowledge it.”

“…!”

“Look at the situation now. “If I say something like that people will think that Testa is acting mean-spirited against a rookie so what’s the point? I’m sorry.”

“…”

Keun Se-jin barely calmed down and Bae Se-jin answered with a stiff face.

“…no. “You must be frustrated too.”

“…”

The atmosphere is amazing.

I pressed my eyes with both hands.

What is even more surprising is that the butterfly effect of this work does not end here.

Do you know what the bigger problem is?

‘They’re saying Testa will leave this program after this performance.’

If Wonder Hole gives this a try people say things like ‘Aren’t you getting off to avoid Eter?’ or ‘You’re getting off because it looks like you might lose.’

Because timing is everything!

-Something is going wrong Testa is getting anxious now.

-Is it better to say that you will buy it if you buy it? Do you pretend to challenge yourself to fail and come out on survival show then get off after tapping the calculator? Really… ah.

-Azusa has lost all her original intentions. Was Testa’s contract renewal the limit?

This becomes a problem of group image.

And this means that Eter who took the underdog narrative is also enjoying the pleasant effect of killing two birds with one stone by damaging Testa.

‘I think I’ve succeeded in my revenge.’

I don’t like it even more because I know what the people at that agency will think.

I held back a sigh.

And there was silence in the car.

“…”

“For now let’s stay while we prepare for the final stage. There will be a group photo shoot soon so let’s see the atmosphere at that time. how is it?”

“…okay.”

“Ugh…”

Big Sejin calmly scolded the others.

However his complexion was not that good.

* * *

The recording day of the return of &lt;Jinseong Competition&gt;.

“You did so well guys!”

“thank you!”

Voices of congratulations and encouragement rang out in Eter’s waiting room.

The atmosphere which had been stagnant for several days due to controversy and reorganization was finally reviving.

It gave Eter a heart-wrenching sense of pride that they had worked hard to create that opportunity.

‘Is this a real sense of accomplishment?’

The leader nodded saying that it was an experience that made me realize again as an artist that the results of my performance are related to the joys and sorrows of many people involved.

And I felt a greater sense of responsibility.

“Our leader has grown up. “I really trust you and the company is working.”

“thank you!”

The leader of Eter left the waiting room with encouragement and a great sense of responsibility.

‘I need to say hello to the staff and cast in advance.’

Since I had to shake hands I thought I would at least wash my hands before going.

So when he naturally entered the official restroom.

‘uh.’

There was already a passenger at the sink.

“hello~”

“…Hello senior.”

The leader of Eter bowed his head.

Testa Sejin Lee who was washing her hands at the sink smiled slightly nodded slightly and shook off the moisture.

Even after meeting him he was not at all shaken.

‘…You still have a lot of free time.’

For some reason I felt a little jealous.

Doesn’t it feel like a sense of crisis just because a junior competitor on an entertainment program did well on stage?

Is it still possible?

‘Then why did you release something like a transcript?’

While the leader was slightly intoxicated with injustice a calm and gentle voice came from above.

“Ah the midterm evaluation performance was really good~ Congratulations on the good response.”

“Oh thank you.”

And the leader couldn’t resist and gave the greeting he had been thinking about before.

“Senior Testa’s performance was also good. “As always!”

There was a bit of a double meaning here.

It could be heard to mean that you are always good at something or it could also be heard to mean that there is no progress.

If the listener has a dark side and listens sarcastically it will sound bad but if the testa are really good people it will be received as a compliment.

‘I think I said it well!’

The leader of Eter thought proudly. and…

Lee Se-jin smiled bitterly.

“is it so? Oh my thank you~”

“…yes!”

“Then let’s do our best on today’s shoot!”

Se-jin Lee left the bathroom after saying goodbye and the leader of Eter eventually acknowledged it.

‘I guess he’s a good person.’

But I didn’t know why I felt sad when I thought about it.

And at the same time Testa’s waiting room.

“Mundaemun University. wait for a sec.”

Lee Se-jin tapped Park Moon-dae on the shoulder to get his attention.

“why.”

Despite his harsh response Sejin Lee knew that he was listening.

“Do you remember what I said? “This time… let’s just wait and see.”

“I remember.”

And I also knew why he said that.

‘Testa already has so much that he can’t raise the stakes for all of it.’

It was an awkward situation.

However even if you give up a little here it is safer and the expected value is higher not to act hastily.

It feels a little dirty though.

This is because Testa is no longer at the age where the public views him as ambitious even if he rushes in to win the Rookie of the Year Award.

There was also a great risk that the powerful would see this as too much.

‘It’s wise to buy things here.’

Moon-Dae Park guessed that Se-Jin Lee probably gave the same answer with a cold head.

but…

“I’m sorry but I want to cancel. “That word.”

“…!”

“I don’t know. Normally I’m the one on this team who says things like ‘Let’s take a long-term view and move on.’…”

Big Sejin smiled his eyes shining.

“I don’t want to do that. I.”

There were D-3 days left until the final stage.
