---
title: "Chapter 536"
category: "book"
index: 535
section: "Chapter 536"
slug: "536"
---

# Chapter 536

&lt;True Battle&gt; started the first stage of the second half with a fairly large audience as if it were an opening ceremony.

I am hoping that the stage will be such a great narrative that the audience will want to make a fuss about it even if it is okay to spread spoilers.

‘There are a lot of Testa fans.’

Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin’s twin home horse an office worker was a Testa fan himself and sat down with that in mind.

As Ryu Seo-rin’s younger sister and Ryu Geon-woo’s senior in the club she had no idea that Ryu Geon-woo had become Park Mun-dae but she sometimes contacted Ryu Geon-woo a great master.

Actually I asked him if he wanted to come today too…

-it’s okay. It’s the end of the year and I’m busy with work so I think it’s going to be difficult.

I received a reply.

‘I wanted to get a picture from a different angle… Tsk.’

The office worker clicked his tongue saying he was still a blunt guy.

The fact that Keundal was scared and restless and responded by shouting ‘I am… Geon-woo hyung!’ was never going to be revealed.

Anyway after setting up the camera carefully to avoid being caught she sat down and searched the surroundings with sharp eyes.

‘It seems like almost half of them are Testa fans.’

In this case as long as Testa didn’t ruin the stage it was a given that he would finish in second place.

However that didn’t mean it was good.

‘It’s so blatant that you want to push Ether.’

If things continue like this if Eter gets 3rd place or lower

-To be honest it wasn’t a stage that would receive that level of ranking.

-Half of the audience there were Testa fans. They seemed to have gritted their teeth and kept it in check haha.

In this way we were able to give a narrative of ‘the rise of a misfortune that was devalued by the powerful’.

The thought of hearing such words from Eter made even Twin Homma feel uncomfortable.

‘I don’t know how much money they will make in the future to even think about what they know… ’

Her idea was that there should be professionalism and responsibility as long as you receive money.

In any case isn’t Ether also benefiting from what Wonderhole did?

[…now welcome the audience~]

The MC’s opening remarks ended just as Office Worker Homma was thinking about this in her head and fixing the camera with her hand so it wouldn’t be visible.

‘It’s starting.’

She adjusted her posture and sat down. I was thinking of taking a few test shots of groups other than Testa as well.

[The first stage… Oh he is also the winner of the last first half stage. Soft and sweet!]

And she predicted it as soon as she heard the name of the first order.

‘The next or next time will be Ether.’

The production team may have intentionally given Eter a first place. Because it fits the image of a challenger perfectly.

‘And there may have been an attempt to separate the testa and the order of the contest.’

Testa is always the last or just before the last for the sake of viewer ratings. It was obvious even without looking.

And since performing in succession in front of them would lead to direct comparison with Testa the analysis is that at least two or three teams would have been sandwiched between them.

[This order is… Ether!]

‘That’s right.’

She narrowed her eyes and watched Ether appear after Soft Sweet had finished performing.

Wow!

With the cheers of the audience following the staff’s guidance Eter took his place on stage and formed a formation.

And after a short period of silence the stage begins with an explosively powerful accompaniment.

[Feel the sunrise!]

The song seen in the pre-release began to unfold with powerful sound effects.

Angled like a knife it is the title song of T Holic’s 3rd album.

It was a strong and childish social criticism song that T-Holic had only released as a title once and was a song aimed at appealing to teenagers performed in classic black school uniforms.

[Get out of the pain and gear up again

Fill this space with applause]

Anyone could see that the lyrics fit perfectly with Eter’s current situation.

Even when compared to the stage theme of ‘Who am I’ it was a stage that left many interesting things to think about…

‘also.’

It was immediately visible to the eyes of those who have been watching Testa consistently and have found the joys in detail in their stages.

Gestures and facial expressions similar to those of Testa.

“…”

It seemed clear that it was a reference. Twin Homma crossed his arms.

‘That agency doesn’t know the extent.’

Originally when people reached their limit they lost their reason.

This hasn’t happened once or twice.

Until now everyone had held back because they thought there might be a backlash against Testa but once this was properly aired they had no idea what the backlash and explosive Testa fans would do.

‘…for a moment. ‘Do you rather want that?’

Twin Homma who asked back for a moment soon realized that it was the truth.

Wonder Hall intentionally allowed Eter to refer to Testa.

-If Testa fans start a fight it becomes noise marketing.

If Eter performs well the public will empathize with him and fight for him.

-Why would I do it again after seeing a rookie having such a hard time?;;

└I think the staff felt resentful and swore at Testa fans because they were being so cruel.

└Kingry Godshim hahaha

-Testa seems to hate you more than Eter dog viewers.

And now Eter definitely performed well on stage.

A performance that seemed to have been put forth with all of one’s desperate energy.

What he lacked in technique and talent he made up for with practice and a life-threatening spirit.

Against the background of red and yellow lighting effects that resemble the rising sun Eter took the ending cut with full force.

[Feel the sun rise!]

Wow!

The stage ended with cheers.

Among the people cheering as if they were impressed the reactions of some audience members with subtle faces were hard to see.

“under.”

The office worker looked at Eter on stage with mixed feelings.

They bowed to the audience and went down with tears in their eyes and out of breath.

‘The eyes of those who like the newbie will roll their eyes.’

At that time there were quite a few people who were only impressed by Rising which was full of venom and earnestness.

‘The unit price… will go up.’

And Twin Homma realized that he had nevertheless not taken a single picture of Ether.

If it had been the same originally the unit price would have risen and the team would have taken it first because they had some left over.

‘Is it loyalty in its own way?’

She held back a laugh and watched the rest of the performance.

Unexpectedly my slightly disturbed mind calmed down in the meantime.

and.

[This stage is a testa!]

Finally the reason for this hearing has come.

Wow!!

The crowd was filled with screaming cheers. Homma calmly developed his thoughts in the meantime.

‘During the midterm evaluation… ’

Intermediate evaluation Testa arranged famous songs from 2000s bands like a KPOP idol and presented a stage that was pleasing and pleasing to the eye.

It is a stage where national songs are changed in a trendy way to suit their identity as idols.

Leisurely and skillful charm.

However seeing as there was very little screen time in the pre-release I think the production team didn’t edit it very well…

‘No it’s better.’

It is a stage that is completely opposite to the desperate performance that Eter performed.

If things continued like this there was a high chance that public opinion would gently move on to saying ‘both did well’ without any unnecessary comparisons.

Then even if Testa fans are angry with Eter they will be able to endure it one more time after seeing the situation.

This was the smart way to go.

‘Because there are kids on the team who know how to use their brains in politics they wouldn’t have made hasty changes out of consideration for mid-term evaluations.’

She trusted the quick thinking and cool-headed judgment of the two members she photographed.

[…]

Meanwhile thick darkness fell on the stage.

And the twinkling lights came to life.

The star-like twinkle of not just one but numerous lights filled the stage.

A voice soaring above it.

[Wait because you stand up

Even if the floor is cold

Your life is so br-ight!]

“…!!”

There was no slick dance pop there as seen in the mid-term evaluation.

A powerful rock sound that is flashy sexual and yet popular.

[Yeeees

Ride the clouds and

Shoot out into the skyyyy-!]

Glam metal rang everywhere.

‘ah.’

Riding on the thumping sound a group dance that is fearsome in its pace and pace rushes in in formation.

The blonde dyed hair black rider jacket and white printed T-shirt stood out exquisitely.

The performers shoot out to the front of the stage like lights in an aggressively flashy manner.

[Pouring down as a comet

The pain of last night

Shine on the asphalt

City of lights]

Perhaps the theme of ‘Who am I’ was easier to understand in the version at the time of the midterm evaluation.

Because they showed their identity as ‘Grand Prize KPOP Idols’.

The statement ‘Testa is a group that always challenges conceptually so we thought this was unique to us’ was less direct.

however.

[Sparkle like a star

Your tears running away

Shining like the nightscape]

The stage became more direct.

The moment I saw Park Moon-dae raising his hand at the end of his high note shaking out his hair and flipping his jacket.

‘I’m going crazy.’

The office worker knew.

This was a stage where I changed my mind after looking at the mid-term evaluation in order to use my energy and win.

A brief thought passed by as to why this was happening.

‘for a moment.’

[Come to me now

crossing the sky

[Beyond the sea]

Testa’s gestures are flashy as is common in metal bands these days.

And those gestures…

‘You’re doing exactly what Eter did earlier!’

That’s right.

Almost all of Eter’s gestures occurred during each part.

Raise your hand rest your chin close your eyes lightly then open them and nod your head as if you understand.

Although it was an attitude that went incredibly well with this glam metal.

‘You crazy people!’

[Come to me now

Forget the tears

Leave the pain behind]

Testa came out openly like when he was competing with Onyx for the Rookie of the Year Award.

And this was a mistake Homma thought Testa would never make.

‘If you make one mistake you’re ruined.’

When the strong try to win over the weak it can lead to resentment.

It’s easy for your image to be ruined by people telling you that you try to fight with your juniors or that you’re just greedy.

So I thought that Testa who has never made a foolish choice until now would never make this choice again…

[The world is yours

I want to give it all

[This must be love]

They chose.

An exhilarating feeling like pleasant goosebumps rising from my chest made my head hot.

‘Oh fuck… ’

Homma sighed.

There was something strange about that momentum of going all in like crazy without calculating anything that made the viewer cry.

On stage Cha Yu-jin with her piercings flashing and frowning performs with a hand microphone while Park Moon-dae quietly adds chords from behind.

[Wait because you stand up

Even without street lights

Your life is so br-ight!]

A storm of performances and vocals pouring down like a barrage of unrivaled levels.

Homma an office worker managed to find a realistic reason in the gap.

‘Realistically speaking.’

In order for it to be effective to make people feel like they could be compared openly with their juniors they had to be extremely good at expressing themselves.

Anyone can see the originality of Testa.

[Yeeees

Ride the clouds and

Shoot out into the skyyyy-!]

And Lee Se-jin knew that too.

-I’m really sorry but can I do it?

He insisted on doing this in three days and worked hard to choreograph and distribute gestures to achieve it and he barely slept at all.

In the meantime I didn’t forget anything I needed to do to take care of myself.

He knew it too.

I’m not a rookie who just debuted so it’s not a very smart and human thing to do.

Give what you have to give and think about what you already have.

‘People should live by controlling the tempo.’

Otherwise they say the balance will be lost.

It’s a job where you can easily be swayed by the public. It means that they cannot live as their own selves as individuals not as idols.

So it means that people need to have time to rest.

‘it’s okay.’

He didn’t want to live like that.

Be successful and live like a human being.

If that means you can no longer overcome pain and grow.

He desperately wanted to live in constant anxiety and anxiety.

So I wanted to go beyond the limits.

As much as you can.

[Come to me now

crossing the sky

[Beyond the sea]

I wanted to live only as an idol.

[Please be quiet (B)]

-Propulsion +100%

more.

[Please be quiet (A)]

-Propulsion +120%

more.

[Please be quiet (S)]

-Propulsion +150%

…more!

[Quiet (EX) activated!]

-Propulsion +180%

You do not feel any stat limitations during activation.

He came to the center.

[Name\: Sejin Lee]

Singing\: B (B+)

Dance\: S- (S)

Appearance\: A (A+)

Talent\: A+ (A+)

Trait\: Be quiet (EX)

He is this kind of person.

[Skill\: A+ (A+)]

I wanted to live as an idol.

[Skill\: S- (A+)]
