---
title: "Chapter 537"
category: "book"
index: 536
section: "Chapter 537"
slug: "537"
---

# Chapter 537

Sejin Lee was out of breath.

There was no complicated calculation left.

[Come to me now

Forget the tears

Leave the pain behind]

While breaking the beat it suddenly slows down and gives strength. The moves that use the whole body to the end come out three-dimensionally through the voice.

I feel more fit than any other practice.

The things that have been repeated trained and learned to become ingrained in the body are expressed as if they are bursting out of the whole body and limbs as desired.

Experience goes beyond imagination.

[The world is yours

[I want to give it all]

Even the hair and jacket swayed along the body as if it were part of the choreography. The movement shone brightly in the light.

climax.

My body is burning hot and light at the same time.

‘ah.’

How stunning is the view from the stage.

The feeling of finally reaching the desired state after putting in all your effort

How thrilling.

Lee Se-jin’s grinning face with beads of sweat appeared on the electronic display board.

[This must be love]

That was enough.

“Aaaaaaa!!”

A roar that makes your ears ring.

Twin Homma suddenly realized that she had been unconsciously holding the camera in front of her face so that it was fully exposed.

In a state of extreme excitement one was bound to hold on tightly to whatever was in one’s hand.

‘…ah.’

I looked up at the stage with out of breath and saw the idol’s performance boiling over at its peak.

smile.

opening.

How stunning is the view from the stage.

How thrilling it is to see a stage on fire as if someone has put their soul into it.

[Oh love!]

Testa’s performance ended at the peak of excitement.

* * *

That night.

-torn

-crazy

– Hahahahaha testa wow

-How do I beat this?

I swept my hand across the smartphone screen.

The impressions expressed in real time by the audience at the just-concluded contest passed by my eyes.

‘It’s just an explanation and nothing else.’

There is just a lot of emotional expression. There was nothing raw about it.

After a while it will become a mess with the aggro who roughly understood the situation but for now it is the real reaction of the audience.

-If you don’t get first place in this it’s a masterpiece haha.

Pure admiration.

As the reactions exploded with adrenaline to the point of madness even the people who were there to read the reviews began to get excited.

-Why why?

-What did Testa do lol?

-Is it very different from the middle period?

And finally people who were watching started to give spoilers sporadically focusing on keywords.

‘Blonde’ ‘Arrangement’ ‘Danv’ etc…

‘The story about gestures hasn’t come out yet.’

But it seemed like it was only a matter of time before it came out. Of course it will be mixed with aggro and it will be a mess at first.

‘I’ve already made up my mind to get there.’

…From the moment that guy started talking.

-Let’s change.

I turned my head.

Lee Se-jin who had suggested changing the stage to a barrel three days ago seemed almost lost as she was sprawled out on the sofa in the waiting room.

It was worth it.

‘It seemed like everything was poured out.’

The capabilities he showed when he took over as the center of the mid-to-late dance break on stage were clearly beyond what I saw during practice.

A frighteningly desperate immersion.

-…!

I felt it intuitively as we performed on stage together not from the front but from the side.

Worst of all it was constantly mentioned in the reviews of excited audience members.

-I don’t know what Keunsejin did but it really turned around in the second half.

-I was coming to the center and suddenly I saw something that looked like a halo.

-Lee Se-jin please look at Danve.

-Look.

└Okay guys calm down.

And as soon as the stage ended I confirmed that Keun Se-jin had this trait.

[Please be quiet (EX)]

-Propulsion +180%

You do not feel any stat limitations during activation.

I almost rubbed my eyes.

‘I thought I saw something wrong.’

This is the first time I’ve seen a crazy situation where a trait jumps from B to EX.

And the additional effect attached to it was… it was almost like being hit on the head.

‘I don’t feel like my stats are limited.’

“…”

This was one of the questions I had about the notation of the system so far.

-Is it really impossible to break through the limit stat?

And I felt like I had a vague answer to that.

Even if this is only true when the characteristic is activated on stage.

‘You can do it.’

The limit has been broken.

The analysis of the system was not flawless. There were certainly exceptions and loopholes.

okay. Sun Ah-hyeon’s characteristic ‘guts’ which ignored ‘status abnormalities’ was also an example.

‘Maybe the system is making up for its own errors with each individual’s ‘characteristics’.’

I guessed with a clear head.

Taking that into account it wasn’t a strange thing.

Sejin Lee.

His characteristics were probably suppressed.

Over the past few years there have been so many controversies and incidents that we had to make a rational decision rather than use our momentum.

‘That’s why I couldn’t do what I wanted and endured it.’

This time it exploded in the wake of the ‘Eter provocation’ incident.

The same was true for the trait of ignoring limit stats.

If there’s only one guy on this team who has those characteristics… it’s a big boost.

It wasn’t awkward at all.

‘…anyway.’

Well let’s analyze the reasoning about the rest of the system a little later.

For now I didn’t think it would be a bad idea to enjoy the results of this contest.

I chuckled and turned off my phone screen.

Although the online verdict has not been released yet the results in the on-site atmosphere were already clear.

That shout.

-Wow!!

won

Testa’s all-in gamble… paid off.

‘This is it.’

I quietly threw my smartphone aside and placed my head on the head of the sofa.

I felt pleasantly relieved of my strength.

“Wow… everyone is awake right?”

Sejin Lee opened her mouth in a hazy voice as if she was refreshed or exhausted.

There was a clear response here and there that even though I was feeling weak I was in a good mood.

‘I am indeed.’

It was fun.

The thing is that the guys who decided to completely reverse everything they had planned to do three days ago and take a crazy gamble are in a peaceful state after the performance is over.

Even Liu Chengwu burst into laughter.

“hmm. “I don’t know how to say this but I think people should live their lives doing what they want to do.”

“…uh.”

Bae Se-jin who gritted his teeth and endured the three days of crazy forced march was delighted with Se-jin’s change of attitude more than anyone else and almost mumbled his answer.

“Yep I liked it too.”

“It was useful and satisfying…”

The guy who greeted me with excitement and the guy who actually liked it when the second arrangement plan was adopted.

And finally Seon Ah-hyun’s words.

“For asking me to do it like this… Thank you Sejin. It was good…”

It was sincere gratitude.

I jumped on the bandwagon and nodded slightly.

“…no way”

Keun Se-jin seemed to be trying to answer in a low voice but was silent for a moment as if his throat was blocked.

Then he suddenly shouted in a lively voice.

“Well shall we give it a try?”

“Uh oh…”

“great…”

Fighting here and there with bad timing popped up with significance. Staff passed by from all directions laughing.

‘Good atmosphere… ’

I closed my eyes.

At that time the guy standing across from me called out to someone.

“Mundaemun University.”

why.

“I think I did a really good job of doing this.”

Big Sejin lay down and muttered.

It was a voice full of satisfaction as if drunk in a dream.

“I’m just… happy?”

“…”

Are you coming?

I tapped him with my foot.

“Do it for the rest of your life.”

“…! Of course~ Ah don’t you know Testa Forever?”

The guy was lying down grinning and raising his fist.

“Ah Testa showed me something today too!”

“Ohhhh!”

Satisfactory performance.

Before they knew it Eter who had been a hot potato had been pushed to the background even in these guys’ minds.

And the moment this contest was aired on live broadcast.

-omg

The same phenomenon occurred on the Internet.

* * *

-Crazy hahahaha

-It turned ㅅㅂ

Ether’s waiting room.

After the main broadcast of the contest stage it was finally a filming site where everyone gathered to announce the rankings.

The structure was almost the same as Testa’s waiting room but the atmosphere was completely different.

A strange feeling of nervousness and embarrassment weighed heavily on the air.

And even a small murmur.

“Is this intentional again?”

“Really something like that…”

Because of the previous leak I couldn’t make a big fuss but I knew who the staff was talking about.

Testa!

The team that upset the stage after the mid-term evaluation heard whispers from officials at the time of the contest that it was clear to everyone that they had kept Eter in check.

He said ‘I didn’t know he would do that.’

But the problem is…

-Wow this is a contest.

It’s so good.

And it was visible that he was desperately trying to do better.

To some extent at the time it aired there were almost no topics comparing it to Ether on the Internet.

Even though there was already a controversy going around that it was changed with Ether in mind due to spoilers from the audience.

People were just saying in real time that Testa did a good job and then finally the topic of ‘We changed the stage by keeping Eter in check’ came up.

-Hmm the difference in stage quality is not enough to say that they were kept in check…

-By any chance did Eter kill any of the testers during the mid-term evaluation? Wow they massacred the civilians haha.

-In competitions the best thing to do is to do your best.

-Just cast it while you’re at it don’t get caught talking nonsense.

-Are you a Wonder Hall employee who was fired?

Because this is what happened.

No one was offended. When the result was overwhelming the intermediate process tended to be glorified and this story even contributed to the nature of the result.

-It’s been a few years since I debuted but I’m tired of it.

-Ah I feel really refreshed. If you want to be in the first team you have to be like this.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠCompared to when he was Azusa his anger hasn’t changed at all. Look at this (eye comparison video)

-If this was a failure it was going to be

A desperate attitude that stays alive even after selling over a million albums!

Obsession and desperate effort for stage quality!

Rather it became a selling point as the stage preparation process was revealed.

-Generation change seems to be difficult.

-ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.

Still that doesn’t mean Wonder Hall didn’t try to turn public opinion around.

First of all it was clear that Eter had been sniped based on the circumstances so they actively encouraged the aggressive accounts that were gnashing their teeth at Testa.

– Speaking of Testa Eter imitated all the gestures he showed during the mid-term evaluation but this is a bit weird.

-Am I the only one who is strong even when I perform well on stage?

-Honestly if it had been like this during Azusa it would have been controversial but they pushed public opinion with their fans… phew

Of course there will be an explanation saying ‘It was written by Testa in the first place’ but once the instigation is done it is usually fortunate that half of the explanation works.

First of all it was more important to raise Ether to the top of the topic by at least arousing controversy.

however.

-It doesn’t seem like much of the same movement.

– Didn’t you just do it to fit the stage? I used excessive gestures to match the concept haha.

-I used all kinds of movements and facial expressions but I couldn’t put them together.

-Oh Testa’s poison has come back~

-Even the gesturesㄷㄷ;; This is fun

The public tends to be tolerant of things they like at first impression.

For a while comparison posts were ignored telling people not to be impatient while watching the performance and even people liked this story saying it was more interesting.

Driving public opinion too hastily had the opposite effect.

-Jinseong’s competition is so funny these days haha.

It was a complete defeat.

So the expressions on the staff’s faces when they heard about this situation inside the company were not bright.

Of course the Eter parties who were almost banned from Internet monitoring under the pretext of ‘voluntary self-restraint’ did not know this news.

However just by looking at the atmosphere of the staff everyone could already feel it.

That I lost.

“No you guys did well. Who would have thought it would be like that there? really…”

“They probably did it later on purpose…”

fizzle.

One of the managers who was trying to make a speculative comment while being noticed by other staff closed his mouth.

However the leader of Eter had already heard all of those words.

‘…’

He was sitting calmly on the sofa but his clenched hands were shaking.

‘what’s this.’

It was unfair.

This time it was time to step up.

This was an opportunity for all the group members and staff to gain strength by overcoming adversity and finally achieving results and encouraging each other.

“under…”

“Hey it’s okay it’s okay.”

The members who were clapping at each other had a look of resignation on their faces as if they had already seen the result.

‘…This isn’t it.’

My stomach was boiling. I felt like crying.

-Thank you for your hard work~

It became even more so when I remembered Testa casually saying hello and leaving the filming set as if it was refreshing.

How can they set the stage as if they were holding themselves in check and not even change their complexion?

From then on it seemed like I was suffering from mental aftereffects.

“…wait a minute.”

The leader stood up.

Since I couldn’t throw water on my face I wanted to cool off on the cool emergency exit stairs.

And that was when I left the waiting room door.

I saw a tall figure drawing a drink from a vending machine right next to me.

A man in slacks who raises his body in an upright posture.

“…ah.”

It was tester Sun Ah-hyun.

And only after a few seconds did the Ether leader realize that he had been staring blankly at the other person’s face without even saying hello.

“Oh that.”

“…I’m so sorry! “I was thinking about something else… I’ll pass by senior.”

The Eter leader spoke loudly with gritted teeth then turned around and tried to walk away again.

He had made a firm promise not to show a dejected appearance.

But soon a gentle hand touched my back.

“Just a moment.”

“…”

Even so since he was a senior the Eter leader eventually turned his head to be polite.

And saw.

“…!!”

What Sun Ah-hyun was holding in one hand was a drink from a vending machine.

But what he held in his other hand… was a small note.

I saw words written on a dark blue cover.

&lt;Practice&gt;

…It was his own handwriting.

That’s me… thoughts analysis and application ideas written while watching Testa’s music video and notes.

It was his note.

“…”

When did you drop it?

“This… is what the Eter member left behind at the filming set last time… right?”

The Ether leader suddenly froze as if his heart had fallen.
