---
title: "Chapter 538"
category: "book"
index: 537
section: "Chapter 538"
slug: "538"
---

# Chapter 538

Ether leader Noir’s practice notes.

He created it by analyzing his senior’s music video over and over again while he was sleeping.

-I’ve tried to distribute the distribution to our members as best as possible according to their positions. Would you like to try it like this?

-As expected brother!

I vividly remember feeling proud among the members who said it was amazing.

And the sincere positive reviews from the staff during the mid-term evaluation and the brightened expressions of the employees at the company after the pre-released video.

Thanks to the good feedback I was able to spend several days practicing without worry.

However a few days later the main broadcast of the competition stage took place.

[Wow!]

[Did you just see it?]

Like a lie Testa overturned all the choreography and arrangement shown during the mid-term evaluation and brought a powerful performance.

As if he had sniped at Ether.

And Eter’s leader was as shocked as the satisfaction and confidence he felt while performing on stage just before.

For the next few days only afterimages of that stage regret resentment and sadness swirled through my mind.

I barely managed to keep up with my schedule but when the cameras weren’t rolling I forgot all the little things I normally took care of.

Among them… there were those practice notes.

It had already served its purpose and was no longer needed.

“…”

And now it was in the hands of the senior Testa member who was the person involved in the analysis.

Asking myself ‘Isn’t this something that belongs to an Eter member?’

A situation I never imagined.

I felt my blood run cold.

‘What should I do?’

Did you see inside the note? No there was no question. I’m sure you saw it. Since I checked the contents I decided that it was from Ether.

My hair turned white.

Noir desperately tried to think of something but before that something came out of his mouth reflexively.

“I… I don’t know.”

I was a bit scared.

I couldn’t think of a way to fix it so out of anxiety I started denying it.

“I don’t think it’s our member’s note.”

“…”

The other person Sun Ah-hyun did not answer. I just quietly held the note and stared.

And Noir realized that he had said something absurd.

It’s not ether!

Now didn’t that senior give other people a reason to casually show the note and ask ‘Is it yours?’

And if other people see it… I mean.

‘ah… ’

Cold sweat ran down my back.

He stood there frozen unable to believe that something like this had happened so suddenly.

It didn’t feel real.

‘Is it a nightmare?’

It was time to think like that.

“Okay… then can you possibly find the owner? “It seems like there is no owner on our side.”

Noir stopped breathing for a moment.

At a sound that made me doubt my ears I wondered for a moment whether I had heard it wrong.

“Here.”

However Sun Ah-hyun stretched out one hand and handed a note to herself.

“…”

There was no need to hand the item over to a junior who said ‘I don’t know’ or ‘It’s not ours’ to ask them to find the owner.

Noir knew instinctively too.

‘I know.’

The fact that this note is his.

that you are lying.

It was an action that couldn’t have been done if Sun Ah-hyun wasn’t sure.

But he couldn’t miss this heaven-sent opportunity so he quickly nodded and stretched out his hands.

“yes…!”

The moment I grabbed the note and accepted it the dizzying fear subsided and a sense of relief filled me.

‘ah.’

He held the note tightly. My heart slowed down as if it had lasted ten years.

Testa Sun Ah-hyun didn’t say anything even as she looked at that scene.

He just nodded slightly with a calm expression then turned around and walked down the hallway with his drink in hand.

“…”

Only then did the Ether leader begin to feel other emotions and thoughts than relief.

It was just shame.

About how you appear to others…

‘Oh no.’

He quickly stopped thinking.

This was due to the uniqueness of the situation.

Isn’t it natural for idols who want to work hard to analyze the performances of their competitors and seniors?

‘Yes it’s natural… but the situation is strange.’

This was because Eter’s staff was confused by rumors and controversy that they had kept Testa in check.

At a time like this Testa was embarrassed because he thought he might misunderstand if he suddenly saw the notes in which Eter studied their gestures.

‘I didn’t intentionally study only Testa’s gestures.’

Since I didn’t have time I quickly analyzed the idols who were my current competitors. Eter thought they were just trying hard.

I didn’t mean to embarrass myself.

However given the situation it may seem that way to the other person which is why I was so embarrassed.

because…

-Because Testa senior doesn’t know my situation.

“…”

However at that moment the leader of Eter realized a sense of incongruity in the completed sentence.

Senior Testa wasn’t the only one who didn’t know his situation.

‘…It would have seemed that way to anyone.’

If I had shown the note to anyone other than Ether officials they would have had a similar reaction.

‘Eter persistently imitated Testa’s gestures’…

Because that is the result.

‘The exception is me.’

He was only looking at himself generously.

Because I know all about my unfairness and circumstances.

‘Because it’s my job… ’

The moment I realized that it was like a protective shield was broken and a rush of cold air passed through my head.

“…”

Noir put her notebook in her arms with trembling hands as if to cover them.

I felt like I woke up from a dream.

‘I see.’

Everyone has circumstances.

But since I know everything about my situation I just show a particularly compassionate attitude towards myself.

And usually it was called self-justification.

If we remove this self-justification and think that everything is someone else’s problem…

‘…It was a shameful thing.’

And wouldn’t I have thought that a senior who treated a junior who imitated him without permission without being so condescending was a much better person?

“…”

He thought of Sun Ah-hyun who silently handed over the note to him and Lee Se-jin who gently responded to his thoughtful words.

In fact in all those situations I realized that I wanted to find evidence that my seniors were bad people.

‘Because it makes me feel at ease… ’

Because I feel comfortable that the people who take care of me are good people and the people who get in my way are bad people.

It’s already hard but it’s so hard to blame my company when I can’t do anything about it.

It has been unconsciously ignored.

“…”

The leader of Ether slowly left the hallway and began to return to the waiting room.

My mind was sufficiently cold.

And that day.

——————==

3.1. Testa reference controversy (7)

——————==

After filming was over he began to look up the incidents and accidents of Eter that were evaluated by the public for the first time using a laptop he had secretly brought into his dorm.

I tried not to look for indiscriminate swearing.

However just by looking at the articles that people had organized I had already received a huge psychological shock.

-… Various materials including compositions props and choreography were released and the opinion that ‘It is only Testa that can be considered a reference’ (9) spread mainly in the entertainment community…

“…”

If you look through the photo materials that have already imitated Testa from the debut album tears will come to your eyes.

I kind of wanted to run away.

‘Couldn’t these people be mistaken?’

But he tried to shake off that thought and look at the data as objectively as possible.

However the more it happened the more it seemed like Eter was a wrong group from the planning stage.

‘Is that so?’

As an idol I felt like everything was wrong with me so much so that I even had the urge to retire.

Then I found it.

It was a screenshot of a fan’s SNS post.

-It seems that Eter barely participates in producing but this problem needs to be fixed at the company planning team level. Even if Eter members don’t like it there’s nothing we can do about it.

He realized.

‘ah.’

Fans also did not think of the company and themselves on the same lines.

There was a proposition there.

-A company and an idol are not the same.

“…”

He wiped away his tears and concluded.

First let’s reflect on and correct our mistakes.

And there was no need for me to defend or become overly invested in the company’s faults.

It was okay to have opposing opinions.

‘Because the company is not me.’

My heart felt much cooler.

widely.

He closed his laptop after completing an ego search full of growing pains.

And then I remembered the announcement of the results of the contest we filmed today.

-1st place is… Testa!

-and!

Testa’s place was noisy with applause and happiness.

And Eter finished in 3rd place.

It’s not a ranking that earned sympathy because it didn’t fail and it’s not a ranking that’s great enough to attract attention.

The company failed to meet expectations and the group’s goals were not achieved.

Nothing happened as desired…

However Noir was no longer unfair.

* * *

-Sir thank you for always giving me kind words even though I have caused a lot of trouble. If I can meet you next time I would like to see you as a more mature person…

“The Eter kid sent this?”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded. For reference what this guy handed out was not a KakaoTalk message or a message but a handwritten note.

Maybe they chose this method because they weren’t close enough to exchange numbers. Even though I asked the manager to let me know the relationship between the staff was so bad.

‘hmm.’

I skimmed through the text he sent again.

To summarize it would be a profuse apology and a pledge to prevent recurrence.

“He gave it to me but actually… I think he gave it to our group.”

“okay?”

Although she couldn’t really agree Sun Ah-hyun nodded with a slight smile.

“Ugh. “It was because I found the note in the first place.”

Well that’s right.

Actually I was the one who found the note on set a few days ago.

-…? That one.

‘I was observing the behavior of the staff there and saw them leaving it on the chair.’

And the moment I checked the contents of the note…

-Are you leaving this behind?

I thought it was a crazy jackpot.

Several appropriate ways to expose things that could shake things up immediately came to mind…

‘I didn’t use it.’

uh. discarded. The reason is simple.

This is because Testa was persuaded by Keun Se-jin and went all-in to gamble on the stage.

I also felt like adding more variables here.

‘I don’t know what will pop out due to the balloon effect if I step on the Wonder Hole like a dog.’

As the body was so large I didn’t know that something unexpected could happen as sparks flew.

Unlike Wonder Hall which has been in the industry for decades and has hundreds of employees we are still a small startup and do not have the staff to take care of everything. So I was a little worried.

It can be seen that he chose a political detour.

I chuckled as I placed the letter from the Eter leader on the table.

‘Well… actually when it explodes it’s less efficient because it’s an Eter member rather than a Wonder Hole member.’

You should be harassing the company but even if you harass that non-regular worker who is completely integrated into the company it only leaves a bad aftertaste.

And the notes assigned to him at Sun Ah-hyun’s insistence… seem to have had a pretty good effect.

‘I can’t believe the attack on conscience worked.’

After all a child is a child. Now I won’t have to bother you for a while.

“You had a hard time.”

“Oh no.”

Sun Ah-hyun also looked back at the letter with a happy face as if she wasn’t feeling too bad.

‘It ended so neatly.’

I thought it was cool.

However I received a call from Wonder Hall officials a few days later…

[Oh I heard you won first place. Congratulations on Testa!]

It was T-holic Ha Jin-tae.

However this attribute of ‘Wonder Hall official’ was now limited.

“…Congratulations on your independence from T-Holic seniors.”

[haha! No somehow the conditions were right and we became the CEO together.]

That’s right.

These guys were planning to become independent soon with their own name as their own boss.

But do you know why they were able to screw up the large Wonder Hall so much while barely becoming independent?

Of course there was a part of me that believed in it.

[So I guess we’ll have a lot more to see right?]

“…Of course.”

That comment wasn’t made out of politeness… it’s a very plain truth.

‘Damn it.’

Surprisingly the T-Holics also took money from LeTi just like us.

They didn’t even bother to hide it. He slapped the driver.

‘Anyway the position doesn’t overlap with VTIC right now.’

T-holic is a popular entertainment-type idol whose prime as a performer has already passed.

In this case T-Holic fans would also prefer to know that a large agency’s organizational skills and capital were invested rather than worrying about being scattered around due to individual activities.

Yes that’s right… but look at this.

‘Suddenly the male idols who received the grand prize all ended up in the same line.’

Seniors and juniors tied up with capital.

That’s how this crazy game was set up…

[I’m sure I’ll see a lot of juniors at Orbit the Testa company. Oh can we really all get together like this this time and have something like a sports day? how is it?]

The offer is also terrible so stop.

“Wouldn’t it be difficult to keep up with the schedule?”

[Ah of course we old people who play have to accommodate the young and busy testa schedules!]

Fortunately the guy who was giggling as if he had noticed soon turned around to say goodbye.

[Oh I heard you’re really busy this time too. Enjoy it because it’s proof that everything is going well. This album is also a hit!]

“…thank you.”

This was a plain fact.

Aggro and Testa which appeared at my US awards ceremony attracted overseas inflow through synergy with internet memes planted in the English-speaking world.

Thanks to this album activity and Bae Se-jin’s past acting activities the company’s rating in the system was smoothly rising.

‘I just need to prove my weight class a little more.’

What is that?

[Let’s go on tour now right?]

“yes.”

That’s right. It’s a concert tour.

Since ancient times there is nothing better to write about overseas than the number of seats.

‘I’m going the standard way.’

And of course we have deployed our own content one by one during each break due to tour.

There was no exception this time too.

[Testa’s hotteok sales competition… Do you remember? (Eye emoticon) We are back!]

I finally found a hotteok entertainment production crew.

However there was a slight difference.

[But now it’s the opposite]

“…”

[Please watch Testa earn money just to eat a piece of hotteok (link)]

…Program name &lt;Testa’s A Lonely Gourmet Journey&gt;.

Planning completed.
