---
title: "Chapter 539"
category: "book"
index: 538
section: "Chapter 539"
slug: "539"
---

# Chapter 539

As I said last time there is a reason why the production team that worked with Testa on entertainment shows from Hotteok Pal to Carrot Coin has not been used recently.

That PD was from a T1 affiliate line.

In the first place that was why I often met Testa who I had heard called T1’s son since his debut.

It is said that contact was difficult after Testa became independent.

‘What can an office worker do?’

So last time Testa’s occult entertainment saved someone else.

Ryu Seo-rin who was the writer of &lt;Azusa&gt; but was kicked out by T1. I collaborated with that author… but interestingly enough there was a butterfly effect that occurred as a result of that incident.

The point is that writer Ryu Seo-rin has been building her career by launching a very successful entertainment show since then.

The writer who moved to a studio close to Netplus thanks to Testa’s own content was on the rise as the main writer of entertainment for the promotion of dramas and movies.

I also made good use of my connections with Bae Se-jin so the cast of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; also appeared on that variety show.

-… I don’t think he’s a very good person but I can’t owe him anything.

That was correct.

And Ryu Seo-rin who is certified by Bae Se-jin as someone who can’t be trusted with character ends up exerting a positive influence that even she could have never expected.

Producers from that line who were dissatisfied with T1 gained courage after seeing this case and several of them even defected to independent studios.

-everyone! I quit my job hahaha!

…This PD was quite included in it… That’s it.

Then with the typical madness of a retired office worker he suggested that we do entertainment.

Of course we thought what the heck.

“let’s do it. Please let’s do it.”

“I heard you want to take a picture of Munggei too?”

It’s already been about half a year since we broke up with T1. The testers’ desire for fun entertainment shows that they had been unable to film for a while was aroused…

“ha ha ha! i look forward to!”

In this way collaboration was accomplished once again.

“Please take care of us. “I trust that the PD will make it as good as always.”

“Okay then. “Isn’t it true that people should do what they are good at?”

It was so shocking that this extraordinary producer was overwhelmed by the momentum of Ryu Cheong-woo shaking his hand.

“The same emotions as back then! “I’ll do my best.”

Still when I saw him smiling it seemed like he was full of confidence…

“Is it okay if I make a suggestion?”

“yes? Oh sure. do!”

“Of course the sensibility of the entertainment we filmed before was good but I was afraid that if we continued to be similar there would be many people who would predict the content.”

It would have been difficult if when leaving the company I had used up all my energy and chose a no-fun option to play it safe.

The PD answered simply.

“Oh just the emotions are the same.”

“…??”

“The content is the opposite!”

Wow.

And Testa suddenly encountered the production team’s flashy PPT.

[Testa’s Lonely Gourmet Journey]

Boom!

Along with the working title dazzling rainbow colors dominated the conference room. It’s a composition I’ve seen many times filled with well-wishes and emoticons.

‘…KakaoTalk meme for the elderly.’

The members fell into confusion.

Only Raebin Kim is looking at the PPT with interest with his eyes shining seriously.

[No need to bake hotteok anymore!]

[Let’s earn money and buy delicious food!]

“Do you… make money?”

“You all have jobs right~”

[I support Testa’s activities~ *^^*]

[Idols let’s do idol work!]

“…”

wait for a sec.

By no means should I buy delicious food with the money I earned from the tour… I’m not saying that we should do entertainment that only heals idols.

In fact aren’t you going to get criticized for calling it a deceiver special rather than healing?

“Oh of course excluding what you earn when the cameras aren’t running!”

yes.

“Only the money earned while our camera director is watching is recognized!”

Fortunately the PD was steadfast.

But then… how on earth do you make money doing ‘idol work’?

“omg! Are you coming to our concert?”

“Oh it can’t be like that~”

From there PPT started again.

The plot is about idols making money while being idols and spending it all on food.

Here how can an idol turn his main job into a short-term part-time job while traveling?

[Let’s perform!]

[where? At a travel destination!]

[☆Testa’s street performance☆]

This is busking.

“…”

While on tour in a foreign country ‘Is the busking singer with crazy talent who suddenly appears actually a KPOP megastar?’ A meta that hides the same power!

Aiming for Gukbbong MAX!

The ambition to properly attract aggro in PPT was burning brightly.

“You guys love your work so much wherever you are! Any conditions! “You can demonstrate your 100% ability right?”

[Good luck with your main job as a tester!]

“…”

“…”

There was a moment of indescribable silence in the conference room.

But there was no escape.

“Is it true that I can’t perform unless it’s a big stage? “I’m not confident I can make money with just my skills?”

“I’m absolutely not like that!”

The PD laughed hard at Raebin Kim’s voluntary tax payment. Is it good?

“great!”

Next to him Bae Se-jin covered his face. I feel like I’ve given up.

…and all of this is filmed and uploaded as a pre-release video with a title like ‘Testa’s shocking reaction never seen before’.

‘For some reason there was only a PD in the conference room.’

I should have expected it…

Time passes like that.

The day we left the country for a tour and were taken out onto the streets by the production crew who followed us carrying various things.

-But from the fans’ point of view wouldn’t it be disappointing to see someone on the street for free even though they bought a ticket and went to the concert a day or two apart?

-Then just don’t show it!

-…??

I wasn’t feeling fine right now.

I’m wearing a penalty outfit that I (forcedly) chose through a minigame…

‘That’s awesome.’

That’s Rudolph.

It wasn’t even a doll mask but makeup.

“…”

I felt the red nose fluttering from my nose and looked into my hoof-gloved hands.

‘I gave money even if I saw it.’

I would have given money out of sympathy for the guy who did this.

A luminous light came from the stupidly attached nose and flashed. I picked up the microphone.

And carols sung passionately.

[Oh~! baby You and me~ on a Snowy Christmas!]

Next to him Santa did a breaking dance. This is Cha Yu-jin wearing a barefoot Australian-style Santa.

A warm year-end.

I never imagined that the day would come when I would do something like this on the streets of another country.

* * *

&lt;Testa’s A Lonely Gastronomic Journey&gt; was launched with an unusual tentative title.

And we received an explosive response from the pre-release video.

-The production crew are crazy people

-I waited for this taste

This is because although this was the main reaction there were definitely areas where likes and dislikes differed.

-It must be hard for the kids to concentrate on the tour stage so are you asking them to perform on the street again?;;

-I don’t know if it has to be like this.

-What’s the difference between it and antlers?

Doesn’t it somehow hurt our pride that a singer from our country is trying to earn some small change by performing on the streets in another country?

However all these worries disappeared in the official trailer released one after another.

[♬Call me Santa Claus~]

In the snowy square on the screen a snowman was singing a chord while Rudolph and a gift box were running around happily.

To the tune of carols.

-crazy

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-No this is a part-time job of dressing up as a doll.

-Isn’t this an opening party?

Testa’s costume show which presents a splendid street performance with his soul blown away was already more like an amusement park parade than busking…

Moreover the skill of livening up the mood with Christmas carols which is the easiest way to cheer up the end of the year somehow reminded me of a part-time worker at a business opening event.

-For some reason there were no eyewitness accounts.

-Who knows lol

-The person who got this didn’t even know he got it.

-Even looking at the camera I think people would have misunderstood me as a comedy YouTuber. What should I do?

There was even a scene where he received bread from a nearby store merchant after being mistaken as a worker employed by the local government. At this point even the skeptical person could no longer hold back his laughter.

-lost

-Hey you look happy?

-This is not an idol stage this is a new job experience.

Moreover it does not simply end here but has been supplemented.

Testa did not make money through busking in this entertainment show but rather received busking missions from the production team and received pocket money if he succeeded.

And to the neat conclusion he donated all the money he received.

[Testa who worked hard]

[It also does healing…]

Of course mukbang was also included.

The scenes of people visiting various restaurants in the city they were on tour and even trying the challenge menu were shown on the screen in quick succession of cuts.

In addition working and eating while listening to various stories about the travel destination from people in the country was quite a worthwhile experience.

Of course I also encountered something unusual.

[Pedestrian\: Thank you for joining our protest! It was a big help!]

[Lee Se-jin\:…?!]

[I started social activities without realizing it]

There was no sitcom out there where the members who had almost been certified as participating in an unidentified protest held at the same location cried out for the production crew and ran away with their instruments.

[Bae Se-jin\: You can hear what the protest is about!]

[Lee Se-jin\: Bro we are foreigners on a trip!]

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

-This is what was said in the bar entertainment show.

-I admit it we have honest conversations as if we were drinking.

└Are you crazy hahaha

And as if he had failed in his mission I also passed by the sight of Testa just looking at the menu in front of the restaurant without any money.

[Cha Yu-jin\: I want to eat this!]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Looking at the wallet and shaking)]

[Seon Ah-hyun\: (a person who is not familiar with this situation)]

And even a clear answer.

[Lee Se-jin\: Let’s ask Moon Dae to do it~]

[Park Moon-dae\: (Me?)]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Okay let’s give money to Mundae.]

Park Moon-dae’s mesmerized expression was slowly shown in close-up.

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\: ($$Employed as a chef$$)]

-Hmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-I gave up.

-Take care of the minimum guys.

If you can’t go to a good restaurant the only option is to cook your own food!

Still even that seemed romantic in its own way.

[Cha Yu-jin\: Oooooh!]

A foreign beach at sunset.

It looked friendly as the members laughed and chatted each holding a Cuban sandwich made by Park Moon-dae and holding a cheap soda.

Even Park Moon-dae laughed and lay down on the sandy beach.

All of Testa’s delicious restaurants and makeup shots passed by above it.

[It is full of laughter adversity and healing.]

[No lonely gastronomic journey]

[Let’s leave with you now~]

The trailer ended with Testa waving his hand at the self-cam.

-Good.

-Sounds fun.

-I want to see you soonㅠㅠ

-Yeah this is what travel entertainment is about… It’s only fun when there’s an unexpected situation.

└But what if there is a production team that creates that unexpected situation?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk

It seemed like a dynamic entertainment show was coming for the first time in a while!

People left friendly comments creating a good atmosphere.

-I was a bit manic about Jackon last time but I like this one.

-I’m going to watch it with my younger brotherㅠㅠ

-Please look for any sightings of people wearing funny makeup and singing in the tour cities.

└If you search on WeTube you will definitely find this one haha.

Videos that are popular with fans and good for business are always welcome.

Moreover the tester in the video looked happy even though he had a little hard time so I didn’t feel uncomfortable!

-Are you still filming? Today is a rainy day between concerts.

└Oh that could happen hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha it’s Spain now right?

Fans had fun guessing and chatting about what interesting things Testa was doing now.

And at the same time.

“I feel like I’ve… lost my way.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae and Sun Ah-hyeon were stranded in the middle of Spain.

‘Cha Yujin!’

I’ve never been so desperate to be the only Spanish native on the team.
