---
title: "Chapter 540"
category: "book"
index: 539
section: "Chapter 540"
slug: "540"
---

# Chapter 540

This is an alley in Barcelona Spain.

Hahaha!

It is a foreign landscape filled with the sounds of children running around and adults walking around busily.

And we got lost.

“…”

“…”

Embarrassed? So do I.

Why… Me and Sun Ah-hyun were suddenly standing in the middle of Spain.

If I were to tell this story I would have to tell the story of when I had just arrived in Spain.

-Oooh! Barcelona is a really cool city…

-We have to eat churros!

-…

So under Cha Yu-jin’s strong insistence I tried to go to a churros restaurant…

-… Where did he go?

-Cha Yujin!!

Cha Yu-jin suddenly evaporated in the alley and with panicked people running around we were separated from the production crew.

‘What’s going on like this?’

We too are evaporated while trying to find Cha Yu-jin. I tried to rack my brain.

It was the first lost child incident I had experienced in decades.

Of course these are two grown adults so there’s no reason they can’t stay calm. I calmly opened my mouth.

“First of all… take a taxi.”

And then I realized.

‘I can’t ride it.’

I have no money.

Currently according to the entertainment concept the production team holds the entire budget and we use our pocket money through busking missions.

And even that pocket money was divided into operating funds Ryu Cheong-woo’s emergency fund and Bae Se-jin.

That is for us…

“…You can take the bus once.”

“…I see.”

There was only enough cash left.

‘Smartphone pay service won’t work because it’s overseas.’

wait for a sec.

I put my hands in my pockets and realized the fatal fact that I didn’t even have a smartphone in the first place.

This is because I left it to my manager so that I wouldn’t be caught using it while filming.

And Sun Ah-hyun doesn’t use her smartphone much in the first place so she keeps it in her bag.

“…”

So now… two foreigners have landed in a foreign country with no money.

‘I’m going crazy.’

The moment I had to change buses I had to contact the embassy because I didn’t have a single penny. This was a shocking moment.

Sun Ah-hyun must have realized the situation her face turned pale and she stood up.

“I’ll… tell the others…!”

“for a moment.”

What kind of confidence does this guy have when he can only speak English and French?

Of course if you use English words and make hand gestures it will work to some extent but then you will not only attract attention…

‘It’s difficult if there is misunderstanding in communication.’

We must not forget that we are celebrities. If you are guided to the wrong place some kind of controversy may arise…

So let’s think of a simpler method.

A simple lost child rule.

“Let’s sit down and talk.”

It’s just waiting for the group. So as not to get confused for no reason.

“Ugh…”

I just sat on a nearby bench in the alley next to this square. Sun Ah-hyun followed suit and quickly sat down next to him.

So I felt a little more calm.

‘It’s been a long time since this happened.’

It seemed like it had been several years since I sat leisurely in an open space outside on a bright day watching people.

Even though I’m doing this because I’ve lost my way.

‘It’s not bad.’

I kept my mouth shut and looked at the square.

“It feels like it’s been a while since I walked around outdoors like this…”

Sun Ah-hyun’s face also softened.

But then as if he realized something he quickly added in embarrassment.

“Of course I am grateful and happy to be able to work hard but…!”

“yes.”

It’s just… well it’s not a bad thing to enjoy something like this sometimes.

When I nodded Sun Ah-hyun seemed a little relieved and the atmosphere returned to people-watching.

‘hmm.’

Now that I think about it something came to mind when I was talking about activities.

“Seon Ah-hyeon.”

“Ugh.”

“Do you have any desire to try solo?”

I thought Sun Ah-hyun was jumping up from the bench.

“My I…?!”

“uh.”

Even if I postponed my enlistment as much as possible due to the cultural medal in order to manage my prime I could not avoid going to the military itself.

‘He who is going must go.’

If you want to maintain public opinion in Korea it is a choice with no other options.

Then naturally around that time it will be effective to play solo or as a unit back and forth.

It was a reality that would come within a few years.

However looking at Sun Ah-hyun’s reaction it seemed like she had never even thought about going solo.

The guy seemed to be deep in thought but then shook his head seriously.

“I still prefer working with the members.”

“Is that so?”

“huh.”

I wonder if I would faint if I found out that Kim Rae-bin has already released the demo version of Sun Ah-hyun’s solo song.

‘First of all if we want to lower the barrier to entry we should start with this unit.’

I chuckled and nodded.

“I also feel more inclined to team activities.”

“…huh!”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded her head as if she was quite happy.

Even though the team activity we did just before was dressing up as a Christmas tree and selling stamps on the street…

It was even B-level makeup.

The twinkling light bulbs were singing a cappella carols but rather than being sacred it seemed like a ploy to sell stamps.

It was miserable.

‘…We all ended up losing the minigame together.’

The 7 people… no the 7 sparkling moving trees were so amazing that there were more people looking at them than ever before.

For reference the mission given by the production team was to ‘get cheers from three or more children’ and after a desperate argument that all minors were children Testa was successful.

-If you haven’t grown up you’re all a child! for a moment. Could it be that the PD is saying that a minor is an adult…?

-No you are pushing it like this.

Since we had money for food the idea of buying churros passed without difficulty.

‘Cha Yu-jin… ’

I wiggled my eyebrows.

I don’t know why he ran away but anyway if he’s caught he will have to eat only a healthy low-salt diet from the moment the cameras turn off and throughout the tour.

‘Eat late night snacks only in your dreams.’

I was also a little worried about what the members and production staff would do after we disappeared but when I looked at the list of remaining members it seemed okay.

‘Only the calm ones remain.’

They were the ones who could find us.

I stretched my legs and leaned back on the bench.

In fact the weather in December is cold and I feel lost.

It was a gourmet trip and I didn’t have anything to eat even snacks but I really didn’t feel too bad.

‘Maybe it’s because I put on so much strange makeup.’

When I compared it this was a fairy.

How long had he been sitting like that?

“Guys!”

“…!!”

I heard familiar Korean.

When I turned my head Inyoung came running from far away and waved her hand.

“brother…!”

It was Liu Chengwu.

The guy who was rarely out of breath ran towards me in one step.

“Are you both okay?”

“yes.”

“yes!”

As expected the right answer was to stay where I was. The situation was over.

I was willing to get up from the bench and greet him.

however…

“But what about the others?”

“ah.”

…’ah’?

When I heard the ominous sound and looked into the guy’s face Liu Chengwu looked behind me where no one was around and smiled shyly.

“It looks like it fell because you were looking for it.”

“…!!”

“Well then…”

It was just before Seon Ah-hyeon’s voice came out of her mouth that she was just giving Mia +1.

I held back a sigh.

‘Still three is better than two.’

This guy even has the most important thing.

Money.

“…But thanks to my brother I can take a taxi or anything else. “What if the production crew can’t find us?”

“Okay that will do. Before that…”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“After you eat something. “You’ve been in a cold place for a long time.”

“ah…”

Sun Ah-hyun was touched but at that moment an idea crossed my mind.

‘Something to eat?’

wait for a sec.

Could it be that Cha Yu-jin’s destination is…

* * *

Next to the square.

“Gracias!”

Churros restaurant.

Standing in front of the store with the smell of cinnamon in the air I nodded.

“I think he’ll come here.”

Unlike us Yujin Cha who is a Spanish native will find her way.

So I don’t know what it is but after achieving the purpose there was a high probability that I would naturally go to my original destination.

“That’s a good guess. “It’s perfect for you to eat.”

“hmm.”

Because it’s better to be on the street so people can see us looking for us. This is better than the food that goes inside somewhere.

I nodded slightly and Liu Chengwu smiled and walked towards the store.

Come to think of it that guy’s coat is a bit much to wear in this weather.

“Aren’t you cold?”

“are you okay. “I also ran a bit.”

The guy who responded lightly took out a bill from a lucky bag that said &lt;pocket money&gt; given to him by the production crew.

And placing an order.

“Esto por favor.”

“…!!”

Surprisingly Liu Chengwu spoke Spanish.

‘What is it?’

He must have sensed the gaze on me and spoke in an embarrassed manner.

“I’m not good at it but I remember learning something a little bit before.”

“…”

It probably refers to the steer era.

“It can be helpful like this.”

The guy who said that smiled wryly as if it was something new.

For a guy who seemed to be reminiscing about those days the strange feeling of rejection towards ‘steer’s self’ that he had felt before seemed to have subsided quite a bit.

The guy even opened his mouth again while waiting to receive the churros.

“…Now that I think about it there were times when Yujin left the room without saying a word when she was resting.”

It seemed like it suddenly came to mind in light of the current situation in which he had evaporated.

“…I guess it was because I was having a hard time.”

At that moment Sun Ah-hyun answered.

“But right now Eugene… I think he’ll tell me directly if he’s having a hard time.”

“…!”

Liu Chengwu was surprised for a moment but then grinned.

“that’s right. Right now I don’t think I’ll leave suddenly.”

It was a pleasantly stable response.

Sun Ah-hyun also quickly smiled and nodded.

I could feel the trust in the group and its members which had been running well for several years through the conversation.

I feel embarrassed for having given Cha Yu-jin a low-salt meal.

“Do you think so too…?”

“okay.”

I leaned slightly against the wall.

Well… if we were to look at it with a somewhat generous attitude we could have thought that Cha Yu-jin must have had a good reason.

And you can go a little further and think about his future.

“In that sense. Since it happened during filming the production crew must have been filming…”

Let’s see if this is filmed and released…

-Cha Yujin is really the type of person you don’t want to see in group life.

-Oh I’m already pissed.

-Honestly it’s a funny edit isn’t it serious?

-Yes Cha Yu-jin if you keep acting unexpectedly cancel your contract renewal (emoticon with hands together)

It’s hell.

“Let’s pretend it never happened.”

“okay.”

Both Liu Chengwu and Sun Ah-Hyeon quickly nodded without protesting.

So on the premise of discarding the footage we each enjoyed snack time in the alley each holding a hot churro.

And by the time I was halfway through eating the churros.

“Ohhhh!!”

“hey!”

Surprisingly Cha Yu-jin appeared at the corner of the alley as if she had smelled something.

My predicted shot was correct.

‘at las.’

First of all I have to tell you to give up any thoughts of eating churros.

But the moment I focused my attention I realized that Cha Yu-jin was different from when we broke up.

The guy whose hair and face were all scruffy and dirty was even holding a clump of dark red hair.

‘what.’

Cha Yu-jin adjusted what was in her arms and hugged it.

It was… a cat.

“There’s a fire over there! “I rescued that cat.”

“…?!”

And behind the alley.

Among the production crew and members who were panting and chasing Cha Yu-jin Bae Se-jin pointed at him.

“…He saw the building on fire and ran…”

“…”

[My baby! Thank you so much!]

…Thus Cha Yu-jin received free churros with the cat’s owner’s gratitude.

He achieved remarkable results by being featured in local newspapers with titles such as ‘Christmas Tree That Saved the Cat’ and all of these incidents were made into episodes and successfully featured on entertainment shows.

[Testa Hocat saves a cat while going to a restaurant… | &lt;Testa’s A Lonely Gourmet Journey&gt; EP. 4]

Within an hour of the video being uploaded the funny parts were captured and a summary was circulated on social media and communities.

Naturally it was a dramatic episode that was difficult to construct on purpose so it attracted a lot of attention.

Taking advantage of that attention an article about the sold-out tour was released at just the right time.

[Company grade (B+) → Company grade (A-)]

Promotion successful!

Finally the company’s rating was raised.

And what this means is simple.

[Mission accomplished!]

Mission\: &lt;Stars Orbit Entertainment&gt; Achieve Grade A

-‘Fragments of ■■■’ can be recovered

It was time to go see Cheongryeo.

To retrieve system fragments.

If there’s just something special…

[VTIC Cheongnyeo JSA unit deployment completed…”Can I see it when I go to Panmunjom?”]

JSA Joint Security Area.

Cheongryeo was deployed to Panmunjom the northernmost part of Korea.

Right in front of the ceasefire line.

“…”

First of all I can’t take the dog with me.
