---
title: "Chapter 541"
category: "book"
index: 540
section: "Chapter 541"
slug: "541"
---

# Chapter 541

Shin Jaehyun raised his head.

The snowy scenery of the DMZ was very beautiful regardless of whether or not unexploded bombs were hidden underneath.

However it was rarer than expected for him to serve outdoors with that scenery in the background. This is because he was assigned to the command and control room.

It seems that he was originally supposed to be assigned to Panmunjeom guidance work as a special job but Cheongryeo speculated that he was excluded for the same reason because ‘there is a possibility of incidents and accidents.’

And perhaps for the first time in decades each day passed in a calm and regular manner.

It was unique.

In fact people may think that the show business industry is very dynamic and fresh every day but humans are creatures of adaptation.

Especially for people who repeat the same thing over and over again for a long time and everything is manualized.

In that sense a docile day with nothing to control and squeeze did not fit well with Cheongryeo’s thought structure.

Still this daily life was quite interesting. Except for the disadvantage of not being able to be with your dog.

And soon that desire was satisfied to some extent.

“Hello senior.”

A guest has arrived.

With news from my dog Kongi.

He smiled as he faced Park Mun-dae who had a nervous expression on his face walking towards him.

* * *

“It’s been a while.”

I was silent for a moment when I saw the person who came to meet me.

I had expected it but this was the first time I had received permission to enter so loudly while visiting.

‘It’s almost my first time coming to see someone else.’

In this neighborhood visits are only accepted on Sundays so I almost had to grind my teeth trying to keep up with the schedule.

“You must have had a hard time coming.”

“no.”

Just from the way I speak I feel like a private. He even kindly suggested it.

“Something like tourism?”

“it’s okay.”

I’m not interested in the JSA museum tour that this guy leads. I didn’t recommend it again perhaps because I was just saying it myself.

We just walked slowly through the quiet space and entered the equally quiet interior.

“Sit down.”

It was a space that seemed to be often used for meetings. But there were no visitors other than me.

“It’s a place where there aren’t many people.”

“yes.”

It would be strange if there were many civilians along the ceasefire line.

I sat down and took out what I had prepared.

“Take it.”

It was a paw stamp engraved with a dog’s footprints.

That damn dog… Anyway I think it was made while playing with clay outdoors but it wasn’t a prohibited item.

The guy’s expression relaxed slightly.

“thank you.”

He picked up a small disc-shaped ornament made of dog paw prints and swept the surface quite gently.

“…”

It doesn’t seem like I did anything bad.

However I did not come simply to show the status of the dog’s paw pads. It doesn’t matter if you just send it as a text message.

But before we get into the main topic let me just say something quick…

It’s about work.

“Now that I think about it I met senior Tea Holic.”

“yes.”

“I heard that T-holic seniors collaborated with LeTi to establish a company.”

“Of course.”

Cheongryeo naturally agreed as if nothing had happened and said with a smile.

“Now you really don’t have to worry about our schedules overlapping when we make a comeback. haha.”

“…”

okay. This guy took the lead.

I tried it but he was truly a terrible person. Do you think you will quickly swallow up your past rivals once they help you?

‘You did a lot of damage before enlisting.’

Moreover Cheongryeo’s words were not over.

“Well we also created a small event in the process. “You already know this right?”

“…event?”

“yes. “You saw it in an article.”

I realized like a lightning bolt.

‘Knight Event.’

An incident worthy of an article that involves all of T-Holic Testa is…

-I heard that Eter officials criticized Testa?

This is the case of the Eter staff’s ‘testa transcript’.

“…T-Holic senior created that event.”

Cheongryeo didn’t answer and just smiled but it was practically an affirmation.

I swallowed my sleep.

‘I thought it was a competing rookie.’

Was it T-holic who exploded it?

“That’s right. “It must have been fun for you too.”

“…”

Whether Testa benefited from that incident or not it did benefit.

It was to the point where I wondered what kind of benefit this was. It was as if someone had suddenly shoved ice-covered cider down my throat.

However what Testa saw was probably a reflection and from T Holic’s point of view… it was a deliberate attempt to upset the Wonder Hole man.

‘It was to divert attention to prevent them from engaging in useless tricks on their own independence.’

In other words they somehow ended up taking advantage of each other’s manipulations.

I want this.

‘I feel like I’ve become a victim of deep-rooted corruption’

Wonderhole did something that was truly evil but it seems like these bastards took the role for no reason by taking advantage and wiping their mouths.

And it seemed like this guy was deliberately trying to rip off something by reminding us of the benefits that Testa had seen.

So I responded rationally.

It means to stop being pretentious.

“I’m not sure what you’re talking about.”

“Oh I guess so.”

Can’t you just stop splitting the thread as if you’re letting him get away with it?

Surprisingly Cheongryeo quickly changed his tone.

“But I probably didn’t come here to tell you this.”

“…”

“I think I came because I wanted to ask you something. “Tell me.”

okay. It has a purpose.

And there are many things to ask.

First of all I’m curious as to how this guy after completing the training camp still naturally uses the way he speaks that makes that person mad…

No he’s probably been using that tone for at least several decades so it’s natural that it won’t change in just a month or two.

I realized there was no need for these mood-setting questions and decided to throw a fastball right away.

Let’s go clean.

“I think I talked about system fragments last time.”

“hmm.”

I didn’t hesitate to bring this up. It was such an absurd story anyway that even if anyone overheard I thought it was just a game story.

Still as I lowered my voice out of courtesy I received immediate feedback.

“Speak comfortably. “There is CCTV but there is no recording device and no one is listening.”

Otherwise we’ll be together but that’s not a lie.

If that’s the case.

“okay.”

I immediately stopped talking and continued talking about this fragment of the system.

The building collapse mission failed because I had the fragments. I created the company system with the remaining fragments.

This is a story that has already been explained but I will summarize it once more to fit the flow.

And the conclusion is this.

-You too will have fragments like that time bomb.

The guy’s expression which was hesitating when I stopped talking became impassive as the story progressed.

Until I finally respond like this.

“so?”

“I’m going to try to collect the fragments from you now.”

“…”

“It’s possible now because the conditions are met.”

If I didn’t do it now I didn’t know when the fragments in this guy would explode and the mission would fail.

‘And for this guy without a status window there’s a pretty high chance that day will be the last day of his life.’

Don’t you think this guy would want to die suddenly and unexpectedly without being able to make a comeback? Honestly this is a proposal I lose.

But Cheongryeo frowned.

“I think it was induced.”

what?

“Raise the level give them missions… This doesn’t seem any different from what we’ve done before.”

“…”

“Think about it carefully. “I must have said this several times.”

Don’t use the system.

Well I also agree.

“But if you don’t do it you will die.”

“It’s the same.”

“yes.”

I sighed.

“So shouldn’t those who don’t do it need to avoid it even more?”

“…”

Haven’t you already witnessed and experienced how much a person can become X? Well what I’m saying is let’s use the next best solution.

There will be no need for more words among those who know what happens if a system abnormality or mission is not handled.

And I have prepared some countermeasures.

‘If we look at the logic… such singularity will not occur anymore whether it’s steer memory or anything else.’

As long as the operating principle of the system is ‘make me use it more’ that part is directly controlled through regular use so there is no need to trouble me with ‘system update’.

And most of all I will turn off the system as soon as I get it.

“So you will unilaterally bear the risk?”

“That’s not it.”

I clasped my hands together.

“I need to promise you a few things.”

“Say it.”

“first.”

I said seriously.

“We do not refer to Orbit with words such as ‘LeTi family.’”

“…”

“Of course all similar words such as younger brother a family meal are prohibited.”

The next thing was also important.

“There will be no group appearance on the second Tea Holic entertainment show.”

“I don’t know what that means.”

“There is such a thing.”

No matter how much you think about it it seems like those people’s personalities will really drive it.

I looked at the guy who looked a little dazed and continued talking.

“Lastly… cooperate fully in retrieving this and resolving if anything happens to me.”

“…”

This was a natural human duty.

And from my experience so far I knew how this guy would react.

“is it so.”

yes.

I nodded immediately.

“Under the condition that you stop using the system as soon as you retrieve this fragment.”

“of course.”

Even if you don’t say anything I’m ready to return it to your belongings right away.

I nodded and called up the status window.

“Then let’s do it.”

“is it so.”

I guess it’s because it’s a similar situation.

It reminded me of the time I tried to delete the system on this damn private plane.

However the difference was also clear.

At that time this guy was so interested that he even offered a private plane to watch the show.

But right now I’m not interested in either of these guys but I’m pressing this button to prevent the worst.

‘after.’

“What is your wish?”

“hmm?”

“It’s a necessary procedure.”

“hmm.”

The guy seemed to think briefly and then said this.

“I hope you take good care of Kong.”

“…”

Well… it’s better than wishing for Testa to fail.

And as if it was natural a pop-up appeared in front of my eyes.

[Check the owner of the ‘■■■ fragment’!]

[Register &lt;Wish&gt;]

also.

Cheongryeo had fragments.

‘I guess I should say I’m glad that they responded to this wish.’

And since all the company’s rating criteria had already been met the result pop-up followed immediately without any complicated base process.

[Reconfirmation of owner of ‘Fragment of ■■■’]

Would you like to absorb ‘■■■ Fragment (1 / 4)’ into ‘Company Use’?

※It may take some time.

Up to this point it’s as expected.

“Can you see it?”

“I can see it.”

After confirming that there was no problem I immediately responded to the status window.

‘Absorb.’

Immediately a cloud of light from the pop-up cheerfully circled Cheongryeo and returned.

Cheongryeo watched the phenomenon with cool eyes.

[‘■■■ Fragment (1 / 4)’ recovered!]

Up to this point as expected.

‘after.’

I was briefly relieved.

But what happened next was something that had never happened before.

[Check ‘■■■ Fragments’ (4 / 4) in full]

[■■■ Completion]

And the black paint on ‘■■■’ peels off as if it is being torn off… revealing the exact name.

[System completion]

And the explanation that appears at the bottom.

[Start reboot]

* * *

Cha Yu-jin raised her head.

He was someone who thought nothing of it even though he had saved a strange cat from a fire in Spain just a few weeks earlier.

Park Moon-dae who gave a contradictory review of ‘It was good but dangerous’ only used it to protest against the low-salt diet.

‘Well actually it wasn’t to the point where I couldn’t eat it.’

How nice it is to have an environment where you can be a little harsh.

He hummed as he opened the refrigerator and found Kim Rae-bin drinking apple juice on the table in front of it.

“Did Moon Dae do it for you?”

“that’s right!”

Cha Yu-jin felt a little disappointed but soon shook it off.

Let’s ask for it directly!

“Where did you go bro?”

“You went out to meet a friend. “You looked busy so I wouldn’t mind asking you an annoying favor…”

“OK!”

Cha Yoo-jin entered her room and lay down on the bed giggling before Kim Rae-bin who had stopped talking got angry and chased her.

Then I suddenly felt a strange sensation.

‘What is this?’

The unknown was annoying.

He was quite positive and even a little optimistic but he was not without a sense of reality.

There shouldn’t be anything to worry about now.

‘Everything is satisfactory.’

But why am I so anxious?

If he had been able to observe Park Moon-dae’s spirit from a place in the JSA 50km away.

-What the fuck!

I would have known the correct answer.

[—-]

Park Moon-dae was once again experiencing the world falling apart.

The system was imploding.

…No no!

‘it’s me.’

The person who exploded was Park Moon-dae himself!

I tried my best to hold on to it but in a mental sense my perception began to crumble as if I was being ‘pulled out’.

Something outside the standard occurred.

Without delay Park Mun-dae called an assistant who was on standby just in case.

-Big moon!

But there was no response.

Park Mun-dae tried to maintain his sanity by repeating every swear word he could.

But the situation was already out of control.

It felt like the number of people was increasing like crazy.

[Start reboot]

Even the status window became increasingly blurry and distorted.

-…!

For a moment it felt like the person sitting across from me was grabbing my arm but that feeling soon disappeared like a grain of sand.

And the surroundings of the status window also became distorted and the colors began to change rapidly as if I was being sucked in.

It’s like looking out the window while riding an incredibly fast high-speed train.

‘Fuck you.’

Park Moon-dae cursed again and tried to regain control.

‘Stop!’

It felt absurd like pulling a moving train to a stop with my bare hands.

But moment.

[-]

Like a lie he barely held on to the situation.

I was finally looking at a static world from a fixed perspective.

-Huh.

It seemed like there was so much tension that if I let my guard down even a little my consciousness would be sucked in.

‘Where is it?’

It was night around.

Outdoor.

rooftop.

…person.

In front of him on a cool winter night he saw Inyoung standing on the rooftop leaning on the railing and looking down at the building below.

“…”

A familiar man wearing a coat.

Cheongnyeo.

-…!!

Park Moon-dae reflexively recalled a scene he saw a few years ago.

I remember the first restart of Cheongryeo which I received as a reward after clearing ‘Status Abnormality’.

‘It’s the same place.’

It was as if his consciousness was barely hanging on to that memory. but…

He also realized the difference from memory with an almost animal sense.

‘No cigarettes.’

The cigarette that Cheongryeo was smoking at the time was not visible in Inyoung’s hand right in front of her.

And in her memory the electronic signboard that Cheongryeo looked at reminiscing ‘The VTIC advertisement originally appeared but it no longer appears.’

There.

[with VTIC]

The VTIC ad is still up.

Gorgeous colors sparkled on the electronic display board.

At some point his group wasn’t ruined yet.

To be exact a point in time in a certain ‘repetition of restart’.

-…

Park Mun-dae asked himself.

What number is this?

and.

‘Why am I here?’

What on earth happened?
