---
title: "Chapter 542"
category: "book"
index: 541
section: "Chapter 542"
slug: "542"
---

# Chapter 542

Let’s be honest.

It’s not the first time that I’ve closed my eyes and opened them and my body and the world have changed. It’s not strange even if you gradually get used to it.

‘Is this… the fifth time?’

I’m going to turn around… No if ridiculous situations like this are repeated you’ll get used to it. Now it only took a few seconds to regain my ability to think rationally.

So let’s calmly and rationally summarize what has happened so far.

-I recovered system fragments.

The fragments belonging to Cheongryeo who was serving in the military were successfully retrieved.

Up to this point everything had gone according to plan but what happened next was the problem.

-Suddenly my vision became distorted.

In fact not only my vision but everything around me suddenly became distorted and swirled like crazy.

It’s like fast forwarding a video.

And now that I have barely stopped what I see before my eyes is…

-VTIC Cheongryeo is standing on the rooftop.

That’s right.

However this didn’t seem to be the blue dragon serving in the JSA I was talking to just now.

I looked at the guy in front of me again.

Looking down from the rooftop here the blue guard was wearing a black coat.

Well-maintained face hair and body shape. Roughly speaking he appears to be in his early to mid 20s.

So at least the past.

&lt;Re-listing! One winter night before Idol Co. Ltd. even aired.

And… the rooftop of a building on the outskirts of Seoul with a night view of Seoul.

“…”

This was the first restart location of Cheongryeo that I saw through the system.

‘But there are differences in some details.’

Put all of this together and you get a pretty compelling hypothesis.

-Cheongryeo of the past repeating ‘restart’.

That means he has nothing to do with me and I don’t know him.

‘Damn it.’

I want to put a can of soju in its mouth right now. I sighed.

‘Things are getting complicated.’

The good thing is that this is not the worst situation compared to what I expected.

It’s not even a day or two that the system is a mess. Of course we took into account the most likely side effects that would occur when collecting debris. While doing this the big moon was almost foaming at the mouth.

But what if you meet an old Cheongryeo guy?

This is not something to panic about again. Well I’ve met Steer guys once too.

Let’s decide on a course of action right now.

Let’s roughly call this guy… Restart Cheongryeo.

-Check whether communication is possible with this restart cheongryeo.

Start by understanding the situation.

Moreover look how this guy bothered to visit the place where he first ‘restarted’. Seeing the meaning given to this… doesn’t it come out?

This is a guy who hasn’t restarted a few times.

‘I guess I can pester you with words.’

There will be a difference in information value from someone who has tried to make a hammock. Don’t you think it would be easier to bake and boil than the guy in the military?

Still the feeling of experiencing all kinds of crazy things is still there… but maybe it’s better.

I tried to calmly open my mouth.

‘you… ’

And then I realized.

I have no voice.

It’s not nonsense that you can’t even speak because you’re nervous. My voice itself is truly ‘non-existent’.

I tried to lift my hand up into my field of vision but I couldn’t see it.

‘…’

Now that I think about it…

‘This guy can’t even see me.’

If there is someone this close even the person who tried to jump off the rooftop is bound to recognize the other person at least once.

However Cheongryeo continues to look under the rooftop. They don’t notice me.

I glanced at him as if I had my arms crossed (even though he had no arms).

‘After all am I just watching one-sidedly?’

Like the flashback I saw every time I cleared a status abnormality. Suddenly I thought I was watching this guy’s memories again.

It was that moment.

“there.”

The upper body wearing a coat which was leaning on the railing suddenly turns around.

This way.

‘…’

Can you see it?

But there was nothing more.

It looked all over the air near me as if it were detecting invisible dust but it didn’t seem to find anything.

And then I turned my gaze to the rooftop below.

“…”

Why are you clenching your teeth like you’re hiding?

I wanted to punch myself in the head. I sighed in despair.

There was no sound either.

But there was a problem.

As if that movement had been a trigger the pressure that shook my body returned.

-…!

It felt like I was being sucked into a typhoon again.

If I continued like this I felt like I would be swept away and experience another crazy whirlwind of my surroundings.

‘If I do something wrong X will happen.’

Hopefully things will go back to normal eventually…

‘For some reason… I have a bad feeling!’

I gritted my teeth and tried to grab something nearby. Outdoor unit wire wall railing…

‘no.’

They all failed. The moment I had the gut feeling that I was going to be sucked into somewhere like that.

As I was trying to grab the end of the railing I brushed against Cheongryeo’s clothes.

[———-]

Then suddenly the force began to work in both directions.

‘for a moment.’

One is still outside.

One is… the Cheongnyeo side.

‘…’

I don’t know what the fuck is going on…

‘You now have a choice!’

And usually the new option is better.

Under pressure I began to struggle to hold on to the strength of the Cheongnyeo side.

And when the situation is over.

‘Whoop.’

I realized I was looking under the roof.

And this wasn’t my vision.

…This is the place where Restart Cheongnyeo stood.

“…”

It sounds really crazy but I felt like I was obsessed with this guy’s mind… or vision.

There was only one possible reason.

I realized this now…

‘There is a system.’

Now this bastard has a system.

Because I came into contact with it my mind was able to stick to it like a magnet.

‘what?’

Why am I stuck in the system?

However considering the cause is a later priority. What we need right now…

‘Are you aware of the situation again?’

It’s about finding out why I ended up in this situation.

Talking and digging.

The problem is that in order to find out something I first have to be able to express myself…

‘…’

It occurred to me.

How to communicate without a body.

Do you remember how I found Steer Lee Se-jin A in the system and made him open a chat?

‘…okay.’

I accessed the system directly.

Very directly and brutally.

‘And you can still try it now.’

After taking a short deep breath.

I jumped into Cheongryeo’s system.

* * *

The cool night air moved through the rooftop.

Cheongryeo briefly felt a sharp pain in her head accompanied by dizziness.

‘hmm.’

However there is no tremor in the hand holding the railing. The eyes looking are also calm.

Migraines were an occasional problem.

Physical pain should go away when you restart but that wasn’t always the case. Chronic pain with the vague cause of ‘mental fatigue’ appeared occasionally and was as bothersome as a penalty.

Of course as you get used to it you will gradually treat it as a condition rather than a penalty.

Besides this headache was instantaneous.

There was no need to put a hand on my forehead. He passed over the symptoms without any inspiration.

Because I’m going to restart anyway.

‘I’ll have to check again with my new body.’

Are there any symptoms left?

He returned his gaze to the road beneath the building he had been staring at just a moment ago.

A quiet back alley without crowds or noise.

It was just the right height to crush my head.

I tried a few different places but there was no restart spot as clean as this one.

‘The first attempt was the most appropriate.’

If you’re lucky that’s a good thing.

And he was originally going to put the ‘proper method’ into practice right now… but he twisted his hand holding the railing.

“…”

For some reason I didn’t feel like it.

For the first time in a very long time rarely.

‘Is it because of the headache?’

Actually it didn’t matter what the cause was.

There was no problem in staying for a few hours without restarting and continuing to check the new plan.

Just like you can practice as much as you want whether it’s cooking or sports before the real competition begins.

It’s time to throw this away anyway.

‘If used well it will be efficient.’

He felt mildly interested in this idea. It was a thin coarse feeling that could hardly be called pleasure.

Because this was already a familiar idea.

It was just one of many ways he tried to squeeze out efficiency.

“…”

Cheongryeo lifted herself off the railing turned around without any problem and walked down the building.

There was no cigarette but white breath remained.

The accommodation was not far.

“Hyung are you okay?”

“of course.”

After giving a gentle answer to the member who asked with worried eyes he returned to his room.

Of course if that member was always worried about Cheongryeo’s late return home he wouldn’t have been.

That attitude is due to an incident that happened to this group just four days ago.

[“Billboard male idol’s pink hideout in Seocho-dong” eyewitness account]

[VTIC Heeun apologizes…”I’m sorry for causing trouble to my fans”]

Romance rumors.

One VTIC member’s scandalous romantic relationship was discovered and took over the Internet.

The dormitory strictly manages it so the sasaeng exploded by renting a space and setting up his living space as if he were building a nest in a place that was not a lodging house at all.

Even in the first week of their comeback.

-You crazy bastard has managed to make a living haha.

-Resign.

-When I think about how he grinned after receiving the grand prize I want to kill him.

Thanks to this VTIC was able to quietly stop this activity which started with an ambitious awards ceremony after three days.

And Cheongryeo thought.

It would have been easier to deal with criminals.

‘If it’s a crime I could be deleted from the group.’

Withdrawal.

However the dating rumors are ambiguous.

The blow is greater than any other incident but morally it is difficult to drive out. Because it’s just a relationship.

And the rumor that they were dating during this year’s vacation was a death sentence for the individual idol and a fatal blow to the group.

It was like a signal for a fall.

‘Even if it rebounds… there will be no activity or reputation for at least a few months.’

Right now VTIC’s popularity was being completely absorbed by that member’s dating rumor.

And now it is December 27th.

What this meant was clear.

Even if they win the grand prize at VTIC’s current awards ceremony they will not be recognized as a ‘popular idol’ by the public.

With very high probability.

‘therefore… ’

This year’s grand prize is the end.

-failure.

It is time for a clean restart.

And this time a new opportunity will be given again.

Maybe forever.

“…”

Cheongryeo felt his head become cold and clean.

The feeling of rejection I felt earlier on the rooftop had disappeared before I knew it.

‘Then at 5 a.m. tomorrow.’

He insensitively made a plan.

There was nothing to lose.

At one point I did something somewhat destructive to relieve stress but I don’t need to do that anymore.

Relaxed and calm.

Everything becomes more and more insensitive as attempts are made.

Even if it means repeating endless challenges without any hints or help.

New Variables Unexpected Help Stop expecting unexpected miracles.

Everything becomes leveled flat flat and just becomes a pattern.

He just sat quietly and considered the idea of a new VTIC member once again.

It was such a peaceful moment.

[Can you see it?]

“…”

Cheongryeo closed his eyes.

And the translucent text in front of you is updated as if you were seeing it.

[wait for a sec.]

Color is stable. It becomes increasingly clear.

The writing in the air said.

[Do not restart.]

Cheongryeo stopped breathing.

There was a time when he too reasoned like a human being.

What kind of situation are you in?

An alien spiritual experience or even a kind of computer simulation. There were many hypotheses.

But it has never been proven. No matter what attempts were made no response came back.

But now.

[It still remains.]

[period! There is still time left.]

A pop-up appeared in front of me.

[‘Target or death’]

\: Death if you do not receive the grand prize at the most prestigious domestic awards ceremony within a set period of time

Remaining period\: D-359

“…”

Goals clearly stated in sentences and dates.

and…

[The dates overlapped. Since it’s December 28th… we have until December 28th next year. Then I think you can aim for a few starting with ToneA.]

Someone’s advice.

Cheongryeo blinked his eyes.

Then he took a slow breath and turned his head.

Another window was rising next to it.

[!Unauthorized error occurred]

Do you want to remove the status window (■■■)?

And there was only one choice.

[yes]

After a moment of dizzying silence.

Cheongnyeo took her gaze away from the window.

He did not erase this error.

‘after.’

Park Moon-dae who was trying to access the system could not help but sigh in relief.

Anyone could see that it was a choice to eliminate oneself.

And if it’s that guy wouldn’t it be reasonable to delete it right away because it’s annoying?

‘Of course it’s easy to convince them not to do that.’

It was very obvious that Cheongryeo cared about this period.

Only efficiency!

Park Moon-dae’s reasoning was that if it was an element that helped him reach his goal he would keep it unconditionally.

‘It’s proof of value.’

And that was also his specialty.

[First questions are asked.]

Park Moon-dae grinned as he randomly created terminals and forcibly connected them to display a pop-up in front of Cheongryeo’s eyes.

But after a while he starts to swear.

This is because I realized what kind of person this ‘Restart Cheongnyeo’ is.

[!Status abnormality\: Correction]

\: Let’s try again

-If you fail you go back to the beginning.

This was a familiar explanation of Cheongnyeo’s condition.

However there was no indication of deactivation.

‘It means it’s in an activated state.’

And as if to support it there was one more line of explanation attached.

[Number of returns\: 100]

‘…’

Not the 10th 11th or 20th episode.

101st episode.

‘Fuck you!’

Park Mun-dae became the status window of Cheongryeo which restarted 100 times.
