---
title: "Chapter 543"
category: "book"
index: 542
section: "Chapter 543"
slug: "543"
---

# Chapter 543

After the status window appears.

Cheongnyeo did not react for several tens of seconds as if she had been struck by lightning.

And spit it out like this\:

“Help.”

The process by which this statement came about is simple.

This is because this guy’s first thought about my pop-up that said ‘I’m asked a question’ was this.

-What is this?

I roughly treated it as a question.

So my answer to that was this.

-Help.

It was a simple and clear explanation of my function.

Because even if I told this bastard that I was your junior idol from the future there was no way he would believe me…

‘It will only make you more cautious.’

So I approached the familiar computer concept.

I was trying to make nonsense by saying that thanks to your 100th restart I appeared as an algorithm but I felt like I was crossing a line so I quit. Instead I just said… it happened naturally without my knowledge.

And even now I plan to very kindly answer this guy’s question ‘Are you really the help?’

Like this.

[of course.]

[This is help to help resolve your condition.]

It was bullshit.

Shall I put it bluntly? Let’s say I help this guy and VTIC succeeds in winning the grand prize this time.

But in reality that didn’t happen… Currently there is no member in VTIC who has created their own little dating hideout.

And the real-life Cheongryeo who was serving in the military and who I was meeting with just now said that he had never seen the status window before.

This means that Cheongryeo has no memory of meeting me who is now Sangtae Chang. and…

‘…No matter what I do here it won’t change what Cheongryeo has been through in reality.’

Isn’t this something that was already confirmed when Keundal became Ryu Geon-woo and was struck with a condition that would kill him if he couldn’t become a civil servant?

What I did there as a big moon status window did not change my future. Something like reporting Bae Se-jin’s father’s drug use and sending an email to a classmate at Park Moon University.

On the contrary I only knew that I had solved these incidents myself which I thought were coincidences.

In other words there is no time paradox.

It was impossible to influence the future by changing the past.

So this is probably the system’s virtual memory or something like that. Like the steer guys.

‘hmm.’

I felt bitter for some reason and quenched my appetite.

Still the reason I’m trying to stop this guy from restarting right now is…

‘It’s because of the variable.’

I’m stuck with this guy’s mind right now so who knows what will happen when I restart?

I needed to preserve the status quo as much as possible. To understand the situation and collect information.

‘So looking at it holistically my help is just… a scam.’

I never dreamed I would do something like voice phishing.

Still it was true that he was willing to help so it was a win-win situation for both parties.

[As a tip I will answer all your questions sincerely.]

What I say next is a plain fact.

[If you use my features at least you won’t suffer any loss.]

Isn’t it true that work is much easier if there is an instruction manual?

And as far as I know Cheongryeo was not the kind of person who would turn down something beneficial.

As a suspicious person I’m going to be asked a lot of questions and tested.

‘How do you feel?’

I was fully prepared and waited for his answer.

“…”

Cheongryeo stood still unfazed staring at the pop-up I had created.

Then he smiled.

“okay.”

I touched my forehead.

You pretend to believe this guy.

* * *

A pop-up poured out text messages.

[I can show the members’ status.]

[You can check now.]

Cheongryeo did not respond.

In the living room of the dorm there was only one person with a depressed expression who had fallen asleep while playing with the game console and two people who had gone to the practice room.

Then a pop-up appeared again.

[You can also check the characteristics and potential values.]

Cheongryeo did not react and walked out of the dorm without a problem.

[Not just the current members but anyone you meet]

“It’s too much.”

The text in the pop-up stopped.

“As for help you should only come out when I call.”

The hologram gave no answer briefly as if calculating.

And an obedient answer came out.

[okay.]

Cheongryeo started his car.

After arriving at the desired location he continued walking until he reached his destination.

It was the rooftop of the building I climbed yesterday.

And exactly as he had planned he straddled the railing…

[wait for a sec.]

[hey.]

[You bastard]

[This crazy guy said there was no need to restart]

As soon as I leaned on the railing pop-ups started to explode.

[You have enough time]

“Are you trying to convince me?”

[]

The letters stopped.

Cheongryeo leaned against the railing and bowed.

“They said it was help.”

The pop-up froze as if startled.

Cheongryeo watched the scene as if slowly exploring it.

Then I adjusted the gloves I was wearing and looked down at the rooftop.

“I don’t think so.”

He calculated with a cold head.

Something that provides systematic friendly verbalized help like a computer operating system that suddenly appears.

It also appeared at a time when one had enough experience with restarts to find it very tempting.

It’s like looking for prey.

That was an intelligent being with a will.

And there was one thing that was clearly proven through the process so far.

Cheongryeo grinned.

“It’ll be troublesome if I restart.”

Still the text popped up as if the pop-up had been prepared.

[Because if you use me your chances of success this time will increase. And even if it doesn’t work if you restart it will be like nothing that ever happened.]

[There is nothing to lose.]

Cheongryeo did not respond for a moment.

The cold early morning air swirled around the rooftop.

and.

“haha.”

The sound of laughter rang out.

“It increases the chances.”

Cheongryeo smiled and turned his upper body to leave behind the railing.

And then he opened his mouth as if talking to himself.

“What is the most fatal aspect of the dating rumor controversy?”

[…]

“It’s not a crime.”

A question-and-answer session followed.

“It’s morally reprehensible… The problem is that the public other than fans cannot sympathize with it.”

-I’ve collected good-looking men and good-looking women so of course they’ll date. Is there anyone at that age who doesn’t date? Haha.

“Then what will the fan do?”

There were no pop-ups.

Cheongryeo spoke comfortably into the air.

“They will find other controversies about that member.”

From controversy over ability to bullying within school violence groups.

I will passionately devote my time to discovering shortcomings that will resonate with the public and create persuasive articles.

As I liked idols a lot and knew them well I was able to create an effective and appropriate sense of controversy.

A reason to take revenge to match the sense of betrayal. For a just cause.

-Fans who turned anti.

“In popular terms you could say that.”

Cheongnyeo smiled and continued speaking.

“But even if a member voluntarily withdraws the risk does not go away.”

Among the individual fans of the member whose relationship controversy broke out there will be a small number of fans who still support the member but they will become antipathetic towards the group itself.

-Removing idols just because a dating rumor broke out? Really fucking idols have no human rights.

-Wow what kind of year is this?

It was especially risky given VTIC’s current position which has a large proportion of overseas fans. Among overseas fans it is common for people to dislike the idea of raising controversy over idols’ romantic relationships.

Of course Cheongryeo had the ability to plan the game well and minimize the risk.

But it definitely takes time.

“Well it will take half a year for public opinion to settle down. Even if we minimize the loss by going on tour at that time…”

His gloved fingers tapped the railing as if counting.

Tap tap.

And then it stopped.

“The opportunity for a comeback is June at the earliest.”

Just once.

There was only one comeback that was meaningfully reflected in the performance that year.

“This is the probability of receiving the grand prize in just one activity after a long hiatus due to a fatal controversy.”

Cheongryeo made a request to the pop-up.

“Answer me.”

‘…’

“There is an option to just restart without the member in question.”

Cheongryeo smiled and adjusted his gloves.

Then he nodded and asked.

“Why should I invest 359 days worth of time in this slim probability?”

‘…’

“Explain.”

Park Mun-dae thought.

X is done.

* * *

Moon-Dae Park stopped using the helper concept.

Because I don’t trust this guy anyway.

Instead he answered Cheongnyeo reasonably honestly.

[Actually I succeeded in the mission thanks to the person who helped me but this time I became the help myself.]

“okay.”

Of course Cheongryeo still didn’t seem to believe it. At least he didn’t seem to have any intention of asking how on earth that was possible.

‘Fuck you.’

So Park Moon-dae decided to just take the easiest route.

It was a future knowledge spoiler.

[I know what songs will be popular and what concepts will do well after this.]

[If you knew that it would be worth investing 359 days.]

Cheongryeo was also clear about that.

“Keep talking.”

[If you promise not to press that button.]

“…”

Of course what Park Moon-dae meant was the ‘Delete Status Window’ button floating right next to it.

Cheongryeo was silent for a moment but soon answered calmly.

“good.”

Park Mun-dae did not pass.

[Not roughly but sincerely.]

It seemed to him that Cheongnyeo twisted her eyebrows for a moment.

But the answer was still calm.

“okay.”

Provided that you continue to give useful answers.

Afterwards Park Mun-dae who could hear the omitted thoughts sighed but no one could see them.

The same was true for Cheongnyeo.

Instead he quickly organized in his head several genres singers and composers posted by the self-proclaimed ‘Help’.

It was a fairly decent portfolio.

but.

“What is the basis?”

[I don’t think I will believe it even if I hear it.]

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo’s gaze went aside.

[!Unauthorized error occurred]

Do you want to remove the status window (■■■)?]

‘You son of a bitch.’

Park Moon-dae who accepted that he would delete the question if he did not answer properly eventually answered clearly.

[Are you from the future?]

“hmm?”

[I am your next hitter.]

It was an unrealistic story but it was plausible. Because I am already confident that I can go back to the past and start over.

And there was also an implied meaning in that self-proclaimed ‘help’ explanation.

“I succeeded.”

It means that you will succeed someday.

Because there is a next batter it means that you finish the restart.

‘hmm.’

However Cheongryeo was not very impressed by the fact itself. Basically it’s because he didn’t trust the sentences in that help.

Moreover if you try anything repeatedly you will eventually succeed.

In fact the ‘success of VTIC’ itself was a very stable pattern even before dozens of restarts.

The only problem was the timing of several status abnormalities and the composition of the members.

Of course this was a problem that could be solved by trying several cases.

[…]

And the pop-up did not directly answer yes but indirectly admitted it.

[I can tell you the members you formed at that time.]

Cheongryeo smiled and answered.

“You didn’t ask.”

The unproven self-proclaimed ‘help’ was trying to cross the line with its coaxing.

The pop-up stopped immediately.

[okay.]

However Cheongryeo guessed that he seemed quite upset.

Of course since the pop-up was just text and no face was visible there was almost nothing to read.

‘It’s a bit annoying.’

As if reading his thoughts a pop-up suddenly appeared.

[Should I at least add an emoticon?]

“no.”

He wanted to scrape out information that the other person did not intend to express not to see unnecessary emotional expressions.

After finishing the conversation Cheongryeo stood up.

My mind was in order.

About this self-proclaimed help.

1. Personality exists.

2. Read thoughts.

3. Lie.

All three were confirmed.

And the most important confirmation remains.

4. It has utility value.

[Where are you going?]

“To use you.”

Now it was time to check the ‘provable’ utility.

* * *

Me to be exact the person I am attached to in the status window is currently at my company.

To be exact on the floor where the trainees gather.

“Are you a little weak? again!”

“yes!”

Every time the door to the vocal practice room was opened a few popular songs from that era and a VTIC song with a slightly different arrangement than the one I knew leaked out.

“hello!”

“Hello senior!”

And he was greeted with respect and reverence by those he made eye contact with…

‘next.’

…They are asking me for their status.

Mainly only those over 20 years old.

And I guessed his intentions.

This guy was just collecting information to use for the next restart…

If you are over 20 years old you will be in your late teens when you return so of course you can use it.

And if there is one more purpose.

‘You’re trying to check my capabilities.’

Looking at the status window now I see that this guy already has the ‘emotional’ trait.

[Emotion (S)]

\: There was little of value and there was a lot of trash.

-Human resources judgment +180%

So there may be an intention to check whether this bastard called ‘Help’ is distorting any information by comparing his judgment with the stats I show.

I don’t know exactly which guy this guy chose to debut with in the past…

‘for a moment.’

I looked at his emotional traits again.

There was a difference from what I knew.

[Emotion (S)]

\: There was little of value and there was a lot of trash.

-Human resources judgment +180%

The grade was S.

‘This doesn’t make sense.’

This is because in reality Cheongnyeo’s characteristic was A.

But why is the characteristic grade S in this place which is presumed to be this guy’s past?

‘Isn’t that a characteristic that seems likely to deteriorate with repeated restarts?’

I looked at his status window in doubt for a moment but something else was happening outside.

Squeak.

“after.”

excuse me. Because the guy who came out of the vocal practice room shaking his head was someone I knew.

‘It’s Judan.’

It was a familiar VTIC member.

It seems that this Cheongryeo did not add Joo Dan to the team but because he was young it seemed like he was still a trainee at this company.

‘hmm.’

I asked Cheongryeo.

[Let’s go with that guy next time.]

It’s a bit interesting to see what this guy’s opinion will be…

“no.”

‘…’

[why.]

“Because I’m not going to use that.”

Cheongryeo lightly touched her chin.

‘There is a lack of consistency in behavior and frequent unexpected behavior depending on the composition of the team. If the result is not consistent it is not a good resource.’

[…]

“next.”

Yeah well… your thoughts are free.

I willingly displayed someone else’s status window beyond the window.

But Cheongryeo’s words did not end there.

“And I would have told you not to make suggestions before I asked.”

The guy naturally looked away again.

[!Unauthorized error occurred]

Do you want to remove the status window (■■■)?]

‘…’

“You’ll remember now right?”

You bitch.

That’s how our hellish cohabitation began.
