---
title: "Chapter 544"
category: "book"
index: 543
section: "Chapter 544"
slug: "544"
---

# Chapter 544

VTIC Cheongryeo’s daily routine was very neat.

“Shall we put on 2 more kg?”

“yes.”

Now that his activities ended after a week due to dating rumors he was practicing and working out at the same time while also carrying out a Tetris-type routine of holding meetings with his company in between.

Of course easier said than done it was tough. Time is divided into minutes.

However there was a simplicity that seemed easy unique to people who had become accustomed to continuous repetitive tasks.

‘And the legend is that I’ve been watching this shit all day… ’

I pressed my eyes and let out a long sigh.

Since we can’t communicate I can’t coax you.

Of course the reason wasn’t just because that guy had lived his life as a perfect idol about 100 times and turned around.

‘You’re doing this on purpose.’

When I realized that the status window had a personality I chose the easiest way to handle it.

-I would have told you not to come out when I wasn’t called.

It’s about solidifying the hierarchy.

‘I’m trying to catch the discipline and tame it.’

They are trying to discourage you by showing in a very impactful way that you have the power to make decisions and that you have control over your life and death.

It was the quickest and most effective control method.

You’ve probably used it in various human relationships for years… or even decades so it’s only natural that you can use it like breathing.

I cracked my neck.

‘Well… I’m a little pissed.’

This young woman is mistaken about one thing.

It’s not the first time I’ve seen that guy pull a trick like this.

‘It’s obvious what you’re going to do next.’

Now that you’ve (in your opinion) been discouraged give them a little reward next time.

AKA stick and carrot.

That’s how you guide yourself in the direction you want.

Punishment and reward. That’s how control works in anything.

So this guy will show the carrot tip at the right moment…

‘Then you’ll have to eat my hand too.’

And I guess I’ll have to negotiate a good price for the watch.

I crossed my arms and smiled.

As expected he spoke to Sang Tae-chang shortly afterwards.

* * *

“Is it this much?”

Cheongryeo looked at the profiles of each candidate that filled her field of vision and spoke in passing.

This is a status window that I created by operating the terminal.

[Name\: Moonhyeon Lee]

[Name\: Won Seon-woo]

[Name\: Park Gwang-je]

…

Well I’ll guess.

You may be thinking about the fact that there are no ‘good to use’ items such as sincerity impulsiveness and patience and that it is an emotional factor.

“What about the other items?”

Are you coming? yes.

I answered the question exactly as I felt while producing the terminal within the system.

[It seems that information that is difficult to quantify cannot be converted into status.]

Cheongryeo grinned.

“You should try harder.”

But this time instead of looking at the error deletion window as if it were threatening I finish it a little gently.

Carrots are coming.

“Anyway it’s quite useful.”

Oh I guess so.

The moment they make a fuss about me saying they like me the conflict is over.

I can’t see that. I’ll just say what I have to say.

[I have something to say in that sense.]

First of all stop saying things like ‘Aren’t you ready for the next album?’

To a guy who looked like he was going to dive from the rooftop saying ‘I’m done gathering information~’ at any moment it was a warning to me.

Provide stimulation in a different direction.

I launched a pop-up.

[The help function also has limitations.]

Cheongryeo closed her eyes.

Amid the cold silence I launched the pop-up.

[Please refer to it.]

You can only check your opponent’s stats by directly confronting them so it starts with telling you to be careful about your gaze to even being able to delay clearing status ailments.

Of course this was just a minor tip.

The important thing is the last one.

[The most important thing is that the future information I gave can change.]

[It seems like the butterfly effect of your actions could make it useless so you’d better be careful.]

“…”

After a short silence.

“okay.”

Cheongryeo answered calmly.

Then he tapped his fingers slowly.

“But why do you think?”

Are you coming? I thought it would come out like that.

“You just have to answer my questions.”

You’re telling me not to be presumptuous but you’re also intentionally trying to create tension.

I evaluated it harshly.

And after a little pause a pop-up appeared.

[It’s contradictory.]

[Because I judge like a human being I’m trying to talk to you and negotiate in a way that helps you.]

[Or I just let you restart or not. Because I have no thoughts.]

The guy raised his eyebrows slightly.

I shook the pop-up slightly as if sighing and then continued.

[Honestly how long do you think I’ll be here? I don’t know how much I can help you.]

[But it’s a bit… frustrating to be like this.]

Cheongryeo knocked on the table.

“So your actions are pure good intentions?”

[At least there is goodwill involved. Because I think like a human being.]

And I started typing more passionately and excitedly as if I was angry.

[And it won’t hurt you if I stop you from restarting here. 359 days is a loss? What do you think that if you restart the waste will disappear anyway?]

“…”

Now the final blow.

I adjusted my pace and spoke my next words slowly as if I was a little tired.

[If this continues I honestly don’t even know the point of me being here.]

[Delete it or not do whatever you want. I won’t die.]

Ultimately what I’m trying to say is this.

-Boycott possible.

If I make a mistake I won’t spit anything regardless of whether I die or not.

When I wrote it down it looked like a labor union-like phrase but whatever.

‘What are you going to do?’

You’ve already seen what I can do. Then they must be trying to figure out how much more they can extract.

Lose your profits?

I crossed my arms and waited for his reaction.

Of course if I really wanted to delete it I would have to quickly change my approach but I didn’t expect it to go that far.

There is a reason.

The point is that this guy doesn’t know much about me.

I don’t know how far I can bet and I can only guess how far my bluff is based on very limited information.

Moreover the limits of the utility value I can provide are still unknown.

So the option of deleting it before the correct calculated value is obtained is obviously less attractive.

‘Then you will try to make the safest choice possible.’

That guy has already threatened me with deletion.

It just so happened that the timing coincided with the carrot he was trying to release and since he also holds the power to make decisions rather than trying to grab rank again in a very forceful manner…

“so?”

yes!

Take a step back and adopt the attitude of ‘I will listen and see’.

‘after’

I quickly worked my brain and organized my thoughts as if I was sitting down.

‘You shouldn’t push too hard here.’

Negotiation ends so be careful as you may end up with a stop loss ending.

Find an acceptable line.

[Now you know that this help has no ability to directly harm you.]

[I will cooperate as much as possible. Let’s talk for a bit and live. Be human.]

Just respect that I have personality.

“…”

Cheongryeo stared at the pop-up without answering.

It looked as if he was quietly tapping away at a calculator. I clenched my fists and waited for his answer.

And when I opened my mouth the answer that came out was…

“I guess so.”

‘…!’

yes.

First step is a success.

I grinned and looked at his face.

Cheongryeo stared at the pop-up without any expression.

“As long as it doesn’t get in the way.”

uh. Say whatever you want.

[If I disturb you then delete it. Because I won’t say anything else.]

[Please take care of me.]

“okay.”

I sent an emoticon waving my hand without saying anything to the guy who answered positively without even thinking about it.

[(ㅁ_ㅁ)ﾉ]

Make up your face.

* * *

After that Cheongryeo changed his attitude slightly.

This means that tips have also become more mindful of social etiquette.

[Time to exercise?]

“okay.”

We are having this simple conversation.

Of course in reality Cheongnyeo rarely speaks out loud and in most cases I read the thoughts on the surface and treat them as words.

And although this may seem meaningless at first glance if you do it you will definitely end up spilling something.

I am experienced.

‘When I participated in &lt;Azusa&gt; I had no intention of talking to children.’

Become a tester and see what I did. Now all the members know that I was Ryu Geon-woo.

This is an inevitable trend.

When you have a secret you are bound to end up revealing even the smallest details to the person you are talking to who does not have to keep the secret.

This is the same no matter how long you have been drawing a line between yourself and others.

Rather since Cheongryeo has had no one to openly talk about her restart experience with it will be difficult to properly watch out for this gap.

Especially when you add in the fact that I can read this guy’s thoughts…

‘There is clearly a gap.’

I grinned and touched the terminal. I feel like I want to bring Cha Yu-jin’s popcorn from the kitchen…

‘…’

Well let’s pick one up later when we return to reality.

First of all let’s do our best to get out of this situation.

I remained in a relaxed state (mentally) and waited without letting down my guard.

And the timing came a few days later.

“I’ll check the route again.”

VTIC whose activities had been faltering finally got to practice choreography for the remix for the tour.

So if we look at the number of VTIC guys who are gathering together and practicing as a group for the first time in a while…

‘There are seven people.’

indeed. I wonder what calculations he went through until he narrowed down this number to five. Separately 7 people are a very effective group but…

Anyway I took a close look at their faces.

First Chae-yul and Shin-oh were seen.

A few of the other faces were also quite interesting as I had seen them when I participated in LeTi Survival in the virtual world of the system.

I quietly threw the bait.

[Everyone has good skills.]

“okay.”

[But it’s not like they lined up based on their skills and shortlisted the best 6 people.]

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo paused for a moment but eventually gave an answer that was not a short answer.

“The combination is important.”

oh.

“The human resource is kind of… reactive. “The quality of the results can change depending on what stimulation is received from the environment.”

[That’s right.]

The words are getting longer. It was a good sign.

Even still talking…

“Just because there is no conflict is not necessarily a good thing. “Productivity increases only when appropriate stimulation and tension are maintained.”

Then Cheongryeo looked at his members.

“The important thing is… appropriate stress.”

It was an eye measuring the fate of meat.

[…I see.]

Let’s give significance to the fact that we had a conversation that was really unsuitable.

I sighed and looked around again with his eyesight. And just at that moment Cheongryeo caught a guy looking at him.

It was an unfamiliar face.

That means…

[That’s the guy who started the dating rumor.]

Cheongryeo’s eyes narrowed slightly and then returned to their original state.

Was it a joy?

The lover boy who hadn’t even come into the dorm for the past few days seemed like a typical LeTi guy and looking at his stats he seemed like he was probably a lead vocalist.

But that’s it.

[Why are you so proud?]

“It won’t last long. Everything will be okay don’t worry! “Oh of course I’m not worried.”

Surprisingly it was said by the person who caused the accident himself.

When I saw him talking actively to the other members he seemed to have no shame at all.

I nodded.

You must have been quite broken at work but your mentality is amazing.

The funny thing is that the person who almost had to restart thanks to that guy was calm.

Cheongryeo simply evaluated her lover.

“There is consistency in being strong against external stress.”

okay. I know that that guy’s mentality is strong in many ways.

Still it didn’t look very good to outsiders.

I clicked my tongue when I saw Cheongryeo who still looked calm.

[I think there must have been more than one guy like that so far but did you just leave them all alone?]

Now that I think about it isn’t that what a bastard like that should be like?

It feels unfair that I was beaten on the head and encouraged to commit suicide by this bastard from the future…

“I tried a few things.”

[…a few things.]

“Well… if there is an accident that requires retirement I will naturally withdraw.”

[…]

“But traffic accidents are difficult to control. “If someone accidentally gets maimed or dies public opinion will sympathize with them and the topic will go down.”

‘…’

“Other criminal incidents often harm the group’s image.”

And Cheongryeo smiled faintly.

“Oh there are times when things get difficult.”

[difficulty.]

“okay.”

Cheongryeo lightly stretched and then raised his head.

My eyes passed by the red light in the corner of the ceiling of the practice room.

“There are more CCTVs in this country than you think.”

[…]

Who is the guy who said this bastard was a mountain spirit? This is not something that is overlooked but is simply omitted because the cost and risk involved in processing it are too valuable.

“Come on cheer up and let’s go~ This year’s target singers!”

Surprisingly enough the atmosphere in the practice room was still good. There was also a time when the choreography trainer deliberately delivered good news.

“Did you know that you ranked first in the male idol category in the awareness poll?”

“Really?”

Well it’s not that strange for VTIC to rank first in such a survey but…

wait for a sec.

That’s a real VTIC.

If it were a long time ago now VTIC would not have been able to rank first in domestic recognition.

I said it without realizing it.

[What about Tea Holic?]

“hmm?”

Cheongryeo slightly raised and lowered her eyebrows as if she had heard something unexpected.

And soon a faint smile passed by.

“There is no need to be wary of a group that has already disbanded.”

‘…’

‘I sent it away.’

This guy is the culprit.

It looks like this bastard did something and this T-holic has already been destroyed.

That’s awesome.

I pressed my forehead and spat.

Let’s keep this in mind. This guy is not the real-life Cheongryeo I used to know… who owns a dog.

This kid’s thinking circuit was no different from that of a psychopath. It was in that damn state where all the humans around looked like NPCs.

‘after.’

That moment. Suddenly a thought passed by.

This was a concern I had for the past few days.

I was looking back at the conversations we had before I came here to see if there were any hints about how I escaped this damn place.

And among the candidates that were sorted out there was this.

A wish that Cheongnyeo submitted to me.

-I hope you take good care of Kong.

And considering I ended up like this right after…

‘…no way.’

This doesn’t mean I have to stay here until this puppy is born and I raise it well.

It was a guess that sent a chill down my spine.

In the meantime Cheongryeo was quietly looking at her beloved member and thinking fleetingly.

“It’s a shame. “It would be nice if we could just cut it out cleanly.”

“As if it never happened from the beginning.”

* * *

[Bae Se-jin\: It’s not cold…]

[Cha Yu-jin\: It’s cold! brother! Buy me chocolate!]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Save me)]

On the screen Bae Se-jin was fighting with Cha Yu-jin.

Sun Ah-hyun was smiling and watching it again.

The group’s own content gave a warm feeling like watching a home video or travel video.

It was then.

Drurr.

My smartphone rang and I got a call from an unknown number.

“…?”

Since it was a privacy smartphone registered only to family members Sun Ah-hyun guessed that someone among them was probably calling someone else’s cell phone so she pressed accept.

But the voice heard was none of them.

[Testa Seon Ah-hyun.]

Sun Ah-hyeon was able to infer the state right away from that characteristic tone of voice.

“Yes yes…… senior?”

It was VTIC Cheongryeo.

Sun Ah-hyun was just about to be a little embarrassed by the fact that someone she wasn’t even close to even enlisted called her on her day off.

A dry voice quickly rang through the speakers.

[Come to JSA. immediately.]

[My junior has disappeared.]

“…!!”

no way.

The fact that he was contacted meant that something had happened to someone during the tester.

For a moment Sun Ah-hyun was so nervous that her heart was pounding. And he asked with a trembling voice.

“Um… which junior has disappeared?”

[…]

There was a short silence on the other end of the phone.

[Park Moon-dae.]

“…?”

Sun Ah-hyun blinked briefly.

It was the name of an unknown person.
