---
title: "Chapter 545"
category: "book"
index: 544
section: "Chapter 545"
slug: "545"
---

# Chapter 545

JSA’s common space with cool air.

A cautious voice came from beyond the receiver.

[I… who is that?]

Tuk.

Shin Jae-hyun hung up the phone.

The name ‘Seon Ah-hyeon’ that appeared on the screen soon disappeared.

A trembling voice asked from next to me.

“You… don’t remember?”

Cheongryeo did not answer.

However Geoldal who asked the question also knew that there was actually no need to answer.

Sun Ah-hyun doesn’t know Park Moon-dae.

Even though Cheongryeo called Park Moon-dae’s smartphone.

“…”

When an unexpected situation occurred Cheongryeo’s decision to immediately select Sun Ah-hyun and call her was not wrong.

Because I had already seen Sun Ah-hyun causing an error in the virtual world of the system.

“He has a characteristic that nullifies status abnormalities…”

However even Seon Ah-hyeon cannot remember Park Moon-dae.

“Whoa.”

Thanks to this he called and summoned the official before Sun Ah-hyun. Geoldal was on the verge of completely panicking.

It had to be that way.

“This… doesn’t make sense now.”

Big Moon got up and stretched out his hand.

“Brother Moon Dae is here right now…!”

At the end of the hand I saw Inyoung lying unconscious on the sofa as if dead.

It was Park Moon-dae.

It looked peaceful without any injuries but that was only possible when you didn’t know what was happening.

A few minutes ago when Big Moon hurriedly arrived at JSA.

-Over there.

-yes?

-Hey… a little…

Keoldal held on to the employee with a blank tired face stretched out his hand and pointed to the sofa where Park Mun-dae was lying.

-How does he look?

And the cleaner answered like this\:

-Who are you talking about?

He did not recognize Park Moon-dae who was clearly there.

“…”

It was almost a scary situation.

Only then did Keudal realize why Cheongnyeo didn’t call 911.

Even if you call them they won’t recognize you.

It was time for Big Moon to swallow his saliva as he recalled it.

Tiririk.

“…!!”

Park Moon-dae’s smartphone which was in Cheongryeo’s hand vibrated violently.

It was a phone call.

Cheongryeo took it after checking the screen without any expression. A soft and urgent voice rang through the speakers.

[I’m sorry! [The phone suddenly hung up.]

It was Sun Ah-hyun’s voice.

When the call ended without any context he was polite and tried to contact me again.

And then he kindly asked again.

[By any chance… is the person you mentioned earlier related to me?]

Big Moon let out an indescribable groan and laid his head down on the table.

Cheongryeo looked at the scene indifferently and spoke in a dry voice.

“now. “Try accessing the portal site on the Internet.”

[…? yes yes…]

The sound of Sun Ah-hyun’s fingers hitting the screen rang softly as if she was operating a smartphone.

“Search for Park Mun-dae.”

[ah…]

At that moment Keundal also raised his head and searched for Park Mun-dae on the Internet.

‘…there is!’

Park Moon-dae’s profile came out in good shape.

All kinds of photos and history of his career activities fill the page.

‘thank god… ’

Park Mun-dae still remained here.

Big Moon felt a faint sense of relief and turned his head to Cheongnyeo.

[that…]

It seemed that Seon Ah-hyun who was on the other end of the phone had just checked the search results.

[What kind of person are you?]

“…”

A cool sensation passed through the big moon’s spine.

A voice as cold as that gave instructions to the smartphone.

“Tell me the first profile you see on the screen.”

[I especially… I can’t see your profile.]

“…”

Big Moon stopped breathing.

And with trembling hands I quickly went to SNS and searched.

-Park Moon-dae

The results poured in.

Just before Park Moon-dae retrieves the fragments.

There was no mention of it after that.

“…Now wait a minute.”

This time Keudal entered a search using Testa.

-Testa It’s amazing how two people of the same age are grouped together.

-Ryu Cheong-woo Bae Se-jin Sun Ah-hyun Lee Se-jin Cha Yu-jin Kim Rae-bin I love youㅠㅠㅠ Testa let’s live forever

does not exist.

Articles SNS communities and video sites.

Everyone ignored Park Moon-dae’s existence as if he were salty.

Geoldal’s face turned pale and he put down his smartphone.

I felt like I was crazy.

“This is so strange… It’s on video and in official records! Everyone seemed to be under some kind of hypnosis…”

Information on Park Moon-dae’s activities still pops up when you search but everyone acts as if they can’t see it.

Big Moon completely panicked.

However instead of looking in that direction Cheongryeo looked at Park Mun-dae on the sofa.

“…”

Another way.

I had to think of it.

[…]

[If I look at something now…]

“it’s okay.”

Cheongryeo hung up the phone again.

And then he opened his mouth in a dry voice.

“Why didn’t you stop me?”

“…yes?”

Geoldal realized that he had spoken to himself.

“I can’t believe you didn’t stop me.”

“You were clearly wary of your junior using the system. This time it was very…”

Cheongnyeo looked at the big moon without expression.

“You seem cooperative and passive.”

“…!”

The big moon got angry for a moment.

“If you think about it that way he was trying to help you in the first place! My brother has been preparing it for a long time. So I regularly update the system…”

Geodal’s words became quieter. Cheongryeo asked back coolly.

“The system?”

And the big moon realized.

“I used the system and changed my body…”

The more I said it the more strange it became.

Park Moon-dae who likes control so much can so easily use the method of changing his body into an untrustworthy system.

Is that a conclusion that can be reached immediately after thinking about it briefly?

“Well… my brother was originally very wary of the system but at some point he started using it. Slowly becoming less cautious…”

“…”

And so did he.

I… I stopped stopping my brother like that at some point!

-all right. brother! Instead if anything goes wrong you have to come out right away…

A flashback echoed in my head.

“…”

Big Moon’s complexion turned bluish.

‘Where did you get the influence from?’

It almost felt like a horror movie.

And when I turned my head I saw Park Mun-dae still frozen on the sofa.

“Brother Moon Dae… what on earth are you going through?”

* * *

I declared.

[I want to drink beer.]

“so.”

[Do you have any intention of drinking it?]

Restart Cheongryeo didn’t even respond. It means don’t talk nonsense.

‘Well I knew that would happen.’

I stretched out my bare body and lay down on the bed.

This was a hotel in LA. VTIC is here for tour rehearsals so how could you suddenly put alcohol in your mouth right now?

Fortunately it was quite nice to be able to have a comfortable conversation since it was a private room.

[I’m just kidding. I had a hard time practicing.]

“My practice will have nothing to do with you.”

It’s my heart baby.

Since I have nothing else to do I guess I should at least chat with a guy like you.

Of course there was nothing that could be done as a parasite on the system other than creating a communication terminal under enormous pressure.

‘It feels like I’m working overtime endlessly.’

It’s surprising but I think the big moon managed to survive with my status window. I typed while suppressing a sigh.

[Why is there no relationship? The better you practice the higher your chances of not having to restart.]

After hesitating for a moment he just smiled and continued.

[And even if it has nothing to do with you people want to comment when they see someone doing something good.]

[So your fans can support you too.]

“…”

[Have a good concert.]

“okay.”

Cheongryeo surprisingly answered obediently.

‘hmm.’

It looks like you’ve gotten quite used to me.

I (ideologically) crossed my arms.

It’s already been a few weeks since I started talking to this guy.

As if the small talk and exchange for a while had been worth it this guy was now less likely to try to create tension.

In addition the restart was temporarily postponed thanks to the new information it was collecting through the status window.

Of course conversations that are completely devoid of social skills often make people angry but it still means that it becomes a bit of a tug-of-war.

First of all this guy realized my usefulness.

Something like this.

“To my profile.”

Are you coming?

I brought up his status window.

[Name\: Cheongnyeo (Shin Jae-hyun)]

Singing\: B+ (B+)

Dance\: S+ (S+)

Appearance\: A+ (S-)

Talent\: A (A+)

Trait\: Emotion (S)

!Status abnormality\: Correction

Its status window was so similar to reality that it gave me a bit of goosebumps.

It seemed like this was the line at which he created and completed a perfect routine over a set period of time for the ‘final content’.

[Are you going to fill up the remaining stats through practice?]

“It’s not urgent.”

Cheongryeo answered clearly.

“For individuals within a group positioning comes first. “My capabilities are sufficient for the role.”

It means that you already have the potential to become a main dancer. I understand.

In the first place as soon as the status ailment hit my head I was the one who focused all of my stats on vocals to establish positioning.

However that was not the end of Cheongryeo’s words.

“Rather than that characteristics are more important.”

The guy shifted his gaze and looked at his own characteristics.

emotion.

Surprisingly this guy seemed very satisfied with his own characteristics.

This is an S-class characteristic that can judge an individual’s value like a knife.

The guy smiled faintly and continued speaking.

“Like I said. Because combination is important.”

Are you coming?

Congratulations on having the most advantageous characteristics for creating an idol group.

Still out of courtesy I decided to make a proposal.

[Perhaps you would like to have something with different characteristics?]

Recently I created another terminal in this system and built up a new function for the status window.

A special reward that Big Moon had previously provided to me.

It is a characteristic drawing roulette machine.

But as expected…

“I’ve probably said this enough. “Except when I ask questions directly…”

[I don’t recommend it. Do whatever you want.]

I thought you wouldn’t listen.

“yes.”

Cheongryeo looked at my pop-up and smiled happily.

The atmosphere was a little different from before. It seemed like he felt a slight sense of amusement at my reaction.

Is it fun?

‘Are all the years of chatting about nonsense paying off?’

Of course there is no sense of accomplishment. I held back a sigh.

‘I’d like to know why I have to do this in this condition.’

It was frustrating to just be stuck here without any hints.

I would have at least noticed if it was a status abnormality that occurred to me.

‘…I guess I’ll have to dig deeper into the system.’

I thought about going deeper into the system where I had not created a terminal yet. The backlash was so severe that I refrained from doing it out of fear that it would bounce back but I can’t do it anymore.

It was then.

“I have a question.”

hmm?

While there was a pause Cheongnyeo asked.

“Who were you?”

oh.

This question finally comes up.

With a bit of familiarity at the bottom I guess I finally felt like interrogating him.

I went back to the terminal and started typing.

[What does it mean?]

“It means what kind of mission have you solved?”

Cheongnyeo nodded as she sat down at the table.

“First of all seeing as you brought up something like beer I guess they weren’t in the same profession.”

[…]

I did it this week.

I stopped imagining the scene where I confessed to myself that I was also an idol. That’s lame.

[I didn’t drink it often.]

[It wasn’t a good job to drink and talk about nonsense.]

“haha.”

Cheongryeo smiled a little comfortably then leaned back in his chair and muttered.

“It’s a story.”

The conversation stopped for a moment as if he was lost in thought.

And Cheongryeo chanted not with sound but with thought.

“Well I’ve tried it too.”

‘…’

I didn’t bother to ask.

This is because Cheongryeo in reality had already heard about the results of that attempt.

Although it wasn’t this specific.

“I think he was a member I used about 10 times. “I tried to test myself by maintaining my composure even during incidents.”

The guy grinned.

“It wasn’t a happy ending. Of course there was no damage because I said it right before the restart.”

[…]

“Is this just an example of why it’s not a good idea to talk about it? haha.”

hmm.

This… okay.

After thinking for a moment I slowly completed my answer.

[I’m not sure.]

[In addition to that person you must have recruited at least dozens of other people to the group by now right?]

Cheongryeo did not deny it.

I continued to complete the sentence.

[What you mentioned is the case of only one of those dozens. Isn’t there a high probability that different attempts will produce different results?]

“…”

Cheongryeo was neither surprised nor impressed.

“I guess so.”

It seemed like those calculations had already been made.

“But sharing secrets in itself has little benefit compared to the risk.”

The guy grinned.

“And when using people whether there is a secret or not doesn’t matter much.”

[No it’s not that it has no utility at all. It will be easier if you have a collaborator.]

Cheongryeo answered harshly.

“It’s amazing. “I never would have thought that stereotypes created by the mass media would also be found in help.”

I sighed.

[No your mind will be at peace.]

However the opponent did not blink an eye.

“well. “It’s not uncomfortable even now.”

It’s like talking to a wall.

But instead of grinding on the keyboard I calmly started typing again.

[okay.]

[I know it’s dangerous and I don’t really want to do it so I don’t want to do it. It’s your heart. That’s also true.]

[But it’s not a bad idea to think about it again later when everything is done.]

[There is nothing to lose then.]

In reality the guy in real life had already shared some of his experiences with the members of the same group.

The two guys who are here now were also included there.

Although this guy doesn’t know right now.

“…”

The guy seemed to be thinking something like ‘That’s not nutritious’ but in the end he answered like this.

“Please take note.”

Are you coming?

Still a few weeks ago I would have said bullshit like ‘I never said you had a right to speak’ but now we’re having a decent conversation. I smiled and took my hand off the terminal.

[Then have a nice trip.]

And after a while Cheongryeo successfully completed the tour concert rehearsal with other VTIC members.

But still not a single system window appeared for me and no hints such as missions or status abnormalities appeared.

I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t worried about whether or not I’d be stuck here forever… Anyway time itself passed without a problem.

And then VTIC’s tour began.

“From now on ‘conversation’ will only be possible after the concert.”

[…]

“Remember.”

Do I really have to be stuck here like this?

Until that damn dog is born?

* * *

“Haam.”

Lee Se-jin passed Cha Yu-jin who was yawning lazily at a pleasant pace and headed toward the kitchen.

The mild holiday afternoon was a bit drowsy.

Even Lee Se-jin leisurely thought that it would be better to study Spanish today than to exercise more.

By recruiting a friend!

‘Then together… ’

“…”

Now that I think about it there isn’t really anyone on this team I can study Spanish with right?

Most people either had a specialty language or were more interested in something other than language.

‘Hmm.’

Strangely enough he felt a little down.

However he had worked in this industry too long to be swayed by such feelings so he soon regained his cheerful demeanor and walked towards the kitchen again.

Then I noticed a friend of the same age sitting at the table with a strangely stiff expression on his face.

“Ahyeonahyeon~ What are you doing!”

“…ah.”

Sun Ah-hyun suddenly raised her head.

Big Se-jin noticed again that his complexion was not very good.

“…hmm. How can I help you? “Has something bad happened?”

“Oh no.”

It was only then that Sun Ah-hyun took down the search bar of the portal site that was still up.

-Park Moon-dae

“It’s somehow strange.”
