---
title: "Chapter 546"
category: "book"
index: 545
section: "Chapter 546"
slug: "546"
---

# Chapter 546

VTIC’s tour was a success.

-Thanks LA!

-Waaaa!!

Even when rumors of a romantic relationship broke out few overseas fans canceled concerts they had already scheduled.

Because it was not a media activity it did not attract much attention in Korea.

So it was natural that LeTi focused on the tour.

It’s funny that the guy who caused the accident had a brighter complexion thanks to this but I think the VTIC members also felt a little relieved.

“Today was good~”

“Sure.”

Maybe it’s because they don’t feel like it’s over if they can’t make up for it in their next domestic comeback.

And the person who has experienced it dozens of times…

[Wasn’t today a day off?]

I’m practicing like a dog.

I heard there was a problem with the concert production.

-My feet don’t fit.

With that one word in mind people are being pulled out to prevent them from leaving work.

‘They said it would restart.’

In the meantime I still have a desire to be on stage.

It was a spectacular sight to see the VTIC guys following us without even making a sound. Even the guy who started the dating rumor was watching me closely and couldn’t even think of getting involved.

In the meantime it was a bit funny that the two VTICs were having fun in real life.

“oh! “Our feet fit perfectly!”

“Don’t you think it makes you feel better when you see something like this?”

Those guys have full-time jobs. I nodded inwardly.

And Cheongryeo who was looking at the two guys with the same eyes as grading new employees being interviewed answered my question like this.

“We are taking a break from the concert not because we are taking a break.”

It was an established theory.

Now that I think about it I don’t think I’ve ever taken a break during a tour.

‘I usually just kept filming my own content.’

Although I wanted to leave work at times it was overall a good experience. No I was a little tired.

It’s quite fun to travel around with comfortable people you’ve been with for several years…

[…]

“You have a strange attitude.”

[no.]

Let’s not get lost in unnecessary sentimentality about something that doesn’t have an immediate solution.

[Seeing other people working reminds me of what I used to do.]

[Never mind.]

“…”

Cheongryeo nodded slightly almost imperceptibly and then continued practicing without a care in the world.

However during the break between choreography practice the guy asked this while drinking water.

“When I restart.”

hmm?

“What happens to you?”

Let’s see.

It seems like he was wondering if I was going back to my original body rather than disappearing.

[I don’t know.]

I answered honestly.

[I was worried because I wasn’t sure. Because I don’t know what will happen.]

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo neatly organized the water bottle he was drinking from.

After living with this guy for about three months the frequency of his abuse of power to criticize me when I make mistakes has decreased considerably.

…Well that doesn’t mean it isn’t there.

I recalled a conversation from a few days ago.

-Did T-Holic go to jail?

-I don’t think it’s a good question to ask if you’re trying to tell us about the future.

-…

-What do you think?

-uh. In the future I knew Tea Holic eats together with you.

It was more convenient to do this openly.

In that sense I anticipated the following conversation.

Let’s see I said something like ‘Your restart is dangerous to me’ so this guy is probably telling me bullshit like ‘Then perform your role better’…

“It is cumbersome to deal with risks that cannot be calculated with certainty…”

hmm?

I stopped predicting.

Cheongryeo muttered as he put the water bottle back in its original place.

“That’s true.”

oh.

There seems to be some room to take advantage of this.

[yes.]

[Besides if you get help wouldn’t it be better to do some research and do some research?]

Cheongnyeo split it.

“I’m still trying to convince you not to restart.”

It’s ruined.

If I had hands and could change one of this guy’s hairs I would be able to give him this quarter’s settlement amount as well.

“but…”

Cheongryeo returned to her seat and continued speaking.

“It would be okay to spend about 359 days searching for information.”

[…!]

“As you said.”

I realized I had succeeded in plucking.

In the end Cheongryeo himself acknowledged that there was no need to restart until he saw the results of the next album.

This guy is working hard to beat this guy!

[thanks. For helping me.]

[ㅁ_ㅁb]

The guy smiled faintly. The atmosphere is very nice…

“If help is helpful why not reflect on the value of your own existence?”

[I know you didn’t lose anything. You bastard.]

After that a few words were exchanged but Cheongryeo did not take back what he said.

hmm. I (mentally) rubbed my chin.

‘This really works.’

Being a comfortable conversation partner.

Hasn’t he come to the point where he will take my situation into consideration as long as there is no harm to him no matter which side he chooses?

This is how the military’s efforts for three months are reaped like a rattle.

‘If we keep going like this I might say why not raise a dog… ’

No I don’t think that would be possible. I scrapped the hope torture.

‘I’ll have to find a clue before that.’

“Let’s go in!”

“okay.”

VTIC’s practice ended in the late afternoon that day and Cheongryeo returned to his hotel.

[What are you going to do now?]

“rest.”

Then he sat down on the chair attached to the table and closed his eyes briefly.

“…”

Why leave a bed?

Anyway it had nothing to do with me. Right now I can’t sleep at all.

It wasn’t a very pleasant feeling but considering that it was quite dangerous for me to lose my mind in this situation it was safer this way.

Let’s just use our free time well.

‘Let’s dig deeper into the system.’

I decided to take this opportunity to dig deeper into the system in case there were any clues.

Tung.

If a sound could be heard it would probably have sounded like that.

I pushed forward smoothly through the pressure.

‘Hmm.’

Now that I think about it at some point the pressure unique to this system wasn’t so unpleasant.

It’s like sitting in a massage chair your body is pressed but you feel cool and stable.

‘It’s strange.’

I fell into the system much more comfortably than before as if letting go of the flow.

further in.

further in.

More deeply.

[…]

It was my first time going this deep.

When you endure the feeling of your mind becoming hazy as if you were being weighed down by a thick blanket.

‘ah.’

I saw something.

A deep inside that has never been reached before.

Surprisingly there was something bright and bright inside.

‘hmm?’

That was… a terminal for the status window.

I’ve never made it.

‘…’

It’s strange.

Didn’t Keundal start making terminals like this to implement a status window?

‘This is a system from before the Big Moon was created so there won’t be a terminal itself.’

Why does something like this still remain?

I reached out my hand and touched the terminal as carefully as I could.

Then like other terminals a status window is implemented…

The problem was that the content was familiar.

[Start reboot]

-Learning in progress.

‘…!!’

Reboot.

That was the pop-up message I saw before I recovered all the system fragments and landed here.

However the explanation underneath… was something that had never been seen before.

‘Learning?’

It was then.

-Help.

A voice sounded like it was calling from the surface of the water.

Oh damn. I suppressed my sleep.

‘Wait a moment.’

This is a clue that was barely found.

I want to think more deeply about why this is here and what it does…

-Help.

You’re persistent.

I suppressed a sigh shook my hands off the terminal and stood up.

‘If you don’t answer they might think it was nonsense.’

Now that you have memorized the location of this terminal it is easy to return to it.

I quickly released myself from the pressure and headed to the chat terminal located on the surface of the system.

And then I spat out an answer.

[why.]

“…”

No why did you call me and not say anything?

Strangely enough Cheongnyeo had already woken up and was dressed in street clothes as if she was ready to go out.

[Do I need to take out anyone’s profile?]

“It’s not like that.”

But instead of going out the guy headed to the refrigerator installed in his hotel room.

And he took out a can of drink from it.

Just beer.

‘…??’

“You said you wanted to drink.”

Then he returns to the table and takes a slow sip.

The expression on his face is not that good as if he doesn’t really like beer. Moreover seeing as how he bothered to mention my preferences… I guess he’s being considerate in his own way.

‘What a mess.’

I chuckled.

I’m sorry but I didn’t even share the taste.

So watching other people drink gives me roughly the same level of satisfaction as playing a VR game.

Although it’s funny to say something like this when you’re only scratching the surface.

[thanks.]

The attempt is imaginary. I decided to roughly think of it as a non-alcoholic beer.

[But why beer all of a sudden?]

The guy answered briefly.

“compensation.”

‘…?’

[What a reward.]

“…”

Instead of answering Cheongryeo looked away.

[!Unauthorized error occurred]

[Do you want to remove the status window (■■■)?]

Right through that pop-up.

‘for a moment.’

[What are you thinking now]

“I thought about it during my break.”

Before I could even finish the sentence he started muttering.

“If it is difficult to predict what will happen eliminating it is the most stable option.”

‘…’

“Knowing that it’s not reasonable for me to choose the option of delaying the restart instead of eliminating you.”

[…!!]

Cheongryeo tapped his beer with his finger.

“Actually this behavior itself is strange. “You can just delete it but why bother talking and compensating before proceeding?”

The guy tilted his head to the side.

“It’s worthless.”

‘…’

Cheongryeo took the beer off the table.

And he said with insensitive eyes.

“You can’t have this kind of impact in just 90 days.”

[wait for a sec.]

X is done.

This guy also realized that he was starting to be generous to me.

And I don’t think I evaluated it very well…

‘Fuck you.’

If I had a spine I think it would give me a chill. I gritted my teeth.

‘We must proceed rationally.’

From usability.

[Not only can you add new characteristics but you can also prepare a way to quickly raise your stats.]

[In addition the period of abnormal status is displayed in real time for you]

“There is no need. “My plan is already complete.”

Cheongryeo nodded and smiled quietly.

“I have all the information you need. All that remains is to restart and find the perfect combination.”

You crazy bastard.

“Now I just have to try a few more times. It’s nothing difficult. The ability to start over like that…”

Cheongryeo stared at the pop-up motionlessly.

“I already have it.”

Strong confidence.

I stopped using the device for a moment.

‘…’

At that moment Cheongryeo took her hand away from the beer and raised her hand to the pop-up.

“then.”

no.

[I’ll just keep my mouth shut so don’t press it.]

[You are excited now. What you are doing now is an emotional choice]

“stop.”

And Cheongryeo.

Tuk.

I pressed the remove button with a slight touch.

That moment.

[Status window (■■■) removal completed]

I was torn as if torn apart.

* * *

Next to the sofa where Park Moon-dae fell.

“Maybe it’s good…”

Big Moon was desperately trying to come up with some thoughts. But my mind was completely blank.

I tried to explore the system but the system originally inside Parkmoon University was not connected without a trace.

No I couldn’t feel anything from Park Moon-dae’s body at all.

‘Oh no.’

That was the creepiest thing.

The sense of always being connected was gone.

It felt like I walked into my family’s room and it was empty. Keundal was devastated by the feeling of emptiness and fear.

But the disappointment could not last long.

“Listen.”

“…?”

Cheongnyeo was already trying something new.

He looked down at the large moon while holding his smartphone and put the call on speakerphone.

Then a lively voice was heard.

[Uh Brother Moondae?]

“…!!”

[Why are you calling? Is this by any chance a broadcast?]

It’s Kwon Hee-seung.

Moon-Dae Park was the last user of the system referred to as Gold 2.

‘oh my god.’

He remembered Testa Park Mun-dae…!

[Uh hmm.]

Kwon Hee-seung popped his head in with an excited face but when he saw Big Moon’s dumbfounded face he realized it wasn’t a broadcast.

He asked cautiously with a puzzled expression.

[The atmosphere is somehow unusual…?]

Big Moon who was in Ryu Geon-woo’s body looked at the situation in the video call feeling like he was going to cry.

After a while.

[No no…]

Kwon Hee-seung who heard everything that had happened so far opened his mouth and then sighed.

What does this mean a person forgotten by everyone? It’s not really a movie.

[How does that brother always get caught up in incidents? Wow I’m going crazy!]

I mean.

Geoldal felt like crying a little. However the human sitting next to him did not even blink.

This is because the call had a separate purpose.

“I have a question.”

[yes??]

“How similar is your current situation to your experience as a server?”

“…!!”

Big Moon almost jumped up from his seat.

And it was the same for Kwon Hee-seung who was on the phone.

[Wow that’s right! It’s the same? Everyone is forgetting me and doing this! When I became a servant of some sort!]

Although most of his memories from that time were erased some important information and feelings remained so Kwon Hee-seung immediately felt a sense of déjà vu.

Isn’t it the same that only Park Moon-dae and Cheongryeo who were involved in the system remember him?

Kwon Hee-seung shouted in shock.

[Mundae Brother aren’t you probably sucked into this system and become a part of it? Like parts!]

* * *

“Huh.”

I let out a breath and stood up.

My nerves were twisted and the pressure felt like I was going to vomit.

It felt like I was suffering from a crippling hangover or my intestines were twisted or my semicircular canal was shattered.

‘Damn… ’

I pressed my hand to my temple… wait.

“…!!”

I took my hands off my temples.

There was a sense of touch.

When I raised my hand and held it in front of my eyes I saw my hand.

“…”

What is happening?

‘Are you back?’

The damned bastard said the correct answer was to press ‘Yes’ in the delete status window?

I woke up shakily. I was thinking of checking how much time had passed and where I was.

But as soon as I raised my head I realized.

This wasn’t the JSA.

“…!”

It was midnight around here.

It wasn’t even… Korea.

This was LA.

It looked very familiar so I recognized it right away. Because it’s the place I saw in the status window of Cheongnyeo just now!

This venue was where VTIC held their tour concert.

‘Damn it.’

This neighborhood which was originally a sports stadium had been refurbished with VTIC-related promotional tents and decorations but the crowds that would have enjoyed it had already virtually disappeared.

‘What is this again?’

I’m shocked.

I was limping and trying to lean against the wall and almost fell.

It was then.

Someone tapped my shoulder.

“…”

Am I in a situation where other people can see me right now?

I immediately turned my head.

A man with both hands raised was visible under the dark streetlight.

“It appears that the situation requires help from public authorities.”

“…”

I looked at Inyoung standing across from me with a dumbfounded look on my face.

“I know the embassy number.”

Here he is still a trainee.

It was a casting.
