---
title: "Chapter 547"
category: "book"
index: 546
section: "Chapter 547"
slug: "547"
---

# Chapter 547

Cheongryeo’s 100th restart.

I found out here that Ju Dan did not debut with VTIC.

But I never thought we would meet in such a ridiculous situation.

It was Cheongnyeo’s status window but it got deleted and when I opened my eyes I found myself outside the VTIC concert hall at night.

furthermore…

I pressed my temples and asked back.

“embassy?”

What do you mean when you say you know the embassy number?

“yes.”

But Zhou Dan nodded without notice.

“It’s midnight in this weather and you don’t even have a coat on so I think you may have been caught up in a theft crime due to drinking too much.”

“…”

“If you think you have a passport why not check that first?”

In short I feel like a tourist who got drunk in a foreign country and got kicked out while struggling.

…It looks quite miserable. I asked while pressing my temple.

“…Do you happen to have a mirror?”

“You can use the smartphone selfie mode…”

Zhou Dan stopped while speaking and looked at me with mysterious eyes.

It’s an expression that says he knew that would happen.

“It looks like your smartphone is gone too.”

“…”

It creates a reason.

Rather good. There’s no need to make excuses.

“I’d like to move to a warm place first.”

“Ah there is a place that is close and accessible… hmm it is this way.”

I quickly followed the guy who started giving directions.

As I walked along with him like that apart from the pain my mind slowly began to regain its composure.

‘The current status is… ’

I still felt like if I missed it I would get caught up in it and lose my mind again but somehow I was able to endure it.

Instead my body felt like trash.

‘It felt like my whole body was being shattered.’

It felt like the aftereffects of being ripped out of the Cheongnyeo status window.

Well I thought the worst would go away but it’s a shame it’s this bad but…

“…”

And slowly I realized.

‘Are you out of your mind?’

What the fuck are you accepting so naturally?

I became a status window and escaped the crazy experience of spending three months in the system so what’s the regret? On the contrary I should like it. What kind of idea is this nonsense?

This is true even when living within the system. Did you flirt and send emoticons? I?

Instead of working hard and worrying about finding a way back.

‘That’s strange.’

Moreover this deletion incident is also the same.

Considering his thought circuit it was a problem that should have been expected and prepared for. No shouldn’t I have gritted my teeth and prepared something to hit him in the back first?

‘…No.’

I recalled it coldly.

I definitely thought so at the beginning when it became a status window.

‘But at some point I forgot.’

And he was beaten without preparation.

I couldn’t see the bigger picture and just appealed for my usefulness to not be deleted… no.

It appealed to the usefulness of the status window not ‘my’.

“…”

Holy shit.

I was just trying to naturally equate the status window and myself right?

I’m going crazy. I ran my hands down my face.

‘If I’m in the system will I be affected like this?’

So in conclusion…

I had assimilated to the point where I felt comfortable with the resistance and pressure I had felt when accessing the system before.

To a dangerous level.

I wiped away the cold sweat and thought calmly.

‘I’m just glad I bounced back.’

Even though I was in the worst shape right now I was glad to be free from this damn way of thinking. At the very least you feel something strange and get goosebumps right?

The more I looked back at the three months I spent with the status window the more ridiculous it seemed.

…And there was something I finally understood.

‘Big Moon also went through this process.’

Personal characteristics disappear and the self gradually becomes assimilated as part of the system.

My mouth was bitter. Especially since I don’t know how reality works right now.

‘I wish reality didn’t have the same time flow as here.’

Moon-Dae Park disappeared for 3 months? Then there will already be an uproar on the Internet and even when I return I won’t be able to be active as before because I have to explain it.

‘after.’

How do you handle this?

It was a time when I was holding my head and feeling confused about my chaotic family.

In the meantime the guy next to me started talking to me.

“I’m afraid you might suspect me of another crime such as human trafficking because the timing of my sudden comment was perfect…”

When will the main topic come out?

“I am a trainee at LeTi. “I came here to pick up something I had left behind.”

“Oh yeah.”

“If you are wondering why I attended VTIC senior’s concert as a trainee…”

Oh it’s obvious.

“Are you making your debut?”

“…yes.”

“The company probably requested it for the purpose of gaining experience.”

The company usually brings in ‘a passionate rookie who came to see the senior’s performance’ as a press play and to gain attention.

Since it is a wealthy company I guess they brought it to the LA concert to show the symbolism of America.

“…yes.”

Zhou Dan finally closed his mouth and started moving his feet. I guess it was the right answer.

The place he guided me to was like a cafe/bar.

Well most cafes abroad would be closed at this time so it was an appropriate choice.

The heated air was warm but I couldn’t feel any difference perhaps because my body was sore.

I responded rationally.

“Thank you for the guidance. But for the cafe… I don’t have the money.”

“I’ll buy you a cup of coffee.”

Oh I waited for that answer. I resisted the urge to drink whiskey and ordered something that looked like a hot latte.

“I’m sorry but I don’t think it will be difficult to accompany you after calling the embassy. “It’s already close to midnight and it’s hard for me to move after that.”

“yes. LeTi is like that. Curfew.”

“…”

“Official promotional material needs to be released but there is also the issue of eyewitness accounts. All right.”

“…”

why.

Zhou Dan seemed to be struggling intensely over something and asked\:

“Are you involved?”

Do you understand now?

I didn’t answer but he looked at my face and nodded.

“You have a decent appearance but as you know this industry places importance on age so you must not be an idol trainee. then…”

“…”

Is it true that I sit here at night and listen to this?

Actually I could tell what I looked like from what was reflected in the window here.

I was like Ryu Geon-woo.

That’s also what he looked like when he was an office worker who was about to quit his job.

The good news is that although it is thin it is suitable for going out. It would have been awesome if it had been pajamas. I silently sipped the served latte.

“Oh have you already debuted?”

I didn’t answer.

Isn’t it an ambiguous situation to say that they have debuted or that they haven’t?

In order to return to the state in which I debuted in the first place I had to return to reality… There was only one clue I could figure out right now.

-[Rebooting]

That terminal.

The pop-up I saw in the system and touched before I was dragged here in real life.

That was the only clue.

However to see it again it means that you have to access the system again and that you have to be able to survive with your sanity while experiencing the symptoms of your brain becoming flaccid again.

I frowned.

‘Then should I contact Cheongryeo again?’

This time I will somehow make good use of the bastard who is trying to restart to kill me…

“…”

wait for a sec.

I recalled the situation where I was eliminated by the guy through the status window.

Cheongnyeo’s outfit at that time.

‘I was wearing street clothes.’

The reason why I suddenly returned home even though I had no plans to go out.

no way…

“…”

Did you restart it already?

When I think about it it’s a natural circuit. I removed the status window to postpone the restart but of course I didn’t want to waste any more time and tried to restart immediately.

Then… where am I now?

In the life he restarted for the 101st time? Or will this world continue to move on regardless of whether Cheongryeo restarts it or not?

‘That wouldn’t make sense.’

Geoldal had already figured out that going back to the past meant rewinding the real world itself.

I looked down at my finished cup of coffee and shook my head.

‘It’s decided either way.’

The first thing to do is find out Cheongryeo’s whereabouts.

…in that sense.

I raised my head.

I found a helper that was just right to use… no it was a really good helper.

“hmm. “If you have calmed down it would be a good idea to contact the embassy soon.”

Judan was wiping his mouth like this while sipping the Einstephener he ordered.

I answered him seriously.

“There is no need for that.”

“…! “Why?”

The guy’s eyes light up as if he came up with some crazy idea.

Rather good.

I opened my mouth leisurely.

The words that might catch this guy’s interest are…

good. There is no choice.

“I am from the future.”

“Phew.”

Judan squirted out the Einstephener he had been drinking.

* * *

“…therefore.”

Zhou Dan stuttered quickly as if he was in a trance.

“The current leader of VTIC has the ability to go back to the past and he is a person from the future who inherited it…”

“yes.”

I hung up but I actually didn’t mind letting them talk as much as they wanted. Because it’s a foreign country.

Moreover even if they knew they would think that fans were creating settings and having fun. Because it sounds like bullshit.

But as expected this nonsense worked well for Ju Dan.

With a mischievous look on his face he asked me a few questions to see if there was anything strange in the context of what I said and even now he is seriously verifying it…

“That’s really interesting. Have you ever heard of chaos theory? “It’s similar to the butterfly effect…”

“yes. “I looked into many theories.”

I hurriedly cut him off.

No time. It would be better for me to verify it quickly.

“If you check my details you will see that I am still in college. “It will show that you are in Korea.”

And when he even logged in to my university account the guy who checked the information carefully nodded his head.

It seems like the medicine is working…

“Wouldn’t you like to meet yourself in this timeline? Well no. I don’t really want to recommend it. “It’s a bit of a dangerous assumption.”

“…”

Let’s be patient.

“So do you believe me?”

“Let’s assume you believe it and act on it. Honestly I feel like you know me well.”

“…”

“I guess there was a connection in the future?”

I nodded feebly.

“great.”

The guy spoke quite confidently.

Zhou Dan adjusted his outfit and said with a curtsy.

“First of all… I think you are older than me. Please speak comfortably.”

“okay.”

“…”

He nods his head at once and becomes silent as if embarrassed. what.

“…Even if I speak comfortably?”

“Sure.”

“Actually it’s okay. “It’s easier to use polite language.”

Why on earth did you ask?

Anyway I got back to the point.

“…I get it. Anyway there is one thing I want to check here.”

I looked at him seriously.

“I wonder if Cheongnyeo has now returned to the past.”

“…!”

Zhou Dan’s complexion changed.

Added a little thrill.

“In that case senior Cheongnyeo has already…”

I nodded.

“I’m saying I need to check that.”

Judan swallowed.

“All right.”

Thank you for catching me.

* * *

I stayed for a night at Judan’s lodgings.

It was a suitable business hotel and the company provided support up to this point.

“Is there anyone you share a dorm with?”

“It was originally a double room but I left to stay somewhere else with my family. Thanks to that I was able to use it comfortably.”

There is a golden spoon among the debut group. Anyway thanks to this I was able to avoid making lame excuses and sleeping on the floor.

But actually I couldn’t fall asleep even when I lay in bed that day. I’m not sure if it’s okay to sleep and the pain is so bad.

Thanks to this I had enough time to reflect on my judgment.

ruler.

First of all short-term coping measures such as ‘how to deal with Cheongnyeo depending on the situation’.

For these things you can make plans by checking the situation at the time. I’m not in great shape right now but I can use my head.

The problem is this.

fundamental threat.

-To check the clues you must re-enter the system.

I wonder what impact it will have on me when I go back.

“…”

Damn it.

Even if the clue itself was bait I had to see it.

‘I have to go back.’

I stayed up all night in such intense calculations.

And the next day.

Dan Joo guided me back to the VTIC concert hall.

Actually the concert is tomorrow but most of the people involved are there.

“If you are my cousin you will not be searched.”

I even created some background information on my own but I left it alone. If you leave that much fun they will continue to cooperate.

“For your information there are no special rumors about senior Cheongryeo.”

…okay.

So I followed him in the morning and headed towards the official aisle of the VTIC concert.

However my mind was cold because the problem still had not been answered.

‘How can I stay sane in the system?’

I needed that.

In the meantime I inevitably passed by the place where I came to my senses yesterday.

Even in the midst of hectic times I could tell that the atmosphere had changed 180 degrees.

-Oooh!

It’s bright and noisy.

The chatter and laughter of excited people echoed here and there. And VTIC’s hit songs came in in between.

It was a sight worthy of a concert audience.

What’s interesting is that you can hear songs that aren’t VTIC songs at all.

[Come on baby you know it’s real!]

[It’s like sweet cotton candy!]

“Well it’s like a Kpop random dance challenge. What you see to the west looks like a professional dance team performance.”

Ju Dan nodded looking at a place that looked like a square.

There were many small stages here and there in the large space for WeTube videos or for enjoying the eve of a concert.

“VTIC is a group that represents the genre. So concert commemoration often becomes a celebration of KPOP itself. “You probably already know this but let me explain further.”

okay. I already know.

I’ve seen it a few times at our concerts as well.

“…”

hmm.

I checked my shape.

A stranger wearing a hat.

And asked.

“Can anyone participate in something like that?”

“yes. That may be true but due to common manners only local fans participate…”

I didn’t listen until the end and moved on.

“hey?”

* * *

After a while.

In the middle of a noisy and exciting festival.

A man wearing a black hat stood at the edge of the stairs holding a makeshift microphone.

“…”

Ju Dan wondered if this was some kind of sudden behavior and if he was guiding a mentally ill person under the influence of coaxing but for now he stood across from him and watched his actions.

The man checked the microphone surprisingly skillfully but as if something was awkward.

And while I was trying to choose accompaniment on WeTube…

I paused.

“…”

There are almost no songs sung by Testa Park Moon-dae.

All songs that will be released in the future are songs that will be released in a future that will develop in a different direction from the present. For now it was just a virtual song in his head.

And of course.

‘…okay. ‘No.’

There are no Testa songs either.

Not even one song.

“…”

But that didn’t mean it couldn’t be sung.

The man eventually chose a song.

Soon a man picked up the microphone with faint accompaniment.

Tootuk.

Very early on.

The song I practiced to become an idol when I just crash landed in my new life.

That song still flows with that feeling because I practiced it so often.

It comes out of Ryu Geon-woo’s mouth.

[I remember the me I knew.]

.

Moon-Dae Park’s &lt;Re-listing! Idol Co. Ltd.&gt; First evaluation song.

Here is a solo song released by the youngest member of the disbanded T-holic just a few weeks ago.

Here the song that hasn’t even been reversed yet is now sung by Ryu Geon-woo’s voice.

“Shiny and dazzling – beyond the seasons and even through the tiring and weak times.”

The raw voice rang out along with the poor microphone sound quality.

“Containing my broken self oh…”

[Only me.]

[Yes it’s me.]

The voice spread.
