---
title: "Chapter 548"
category: "book"
index: 547
section: "Chapter 548"
slug: "548"
---

# Chapter 548

Raebin Kim raised his head.

At first glance the complex and tightly drawn dots and lines on the PC that I had been working on looked dizzy.

But he knew that if he converted all of this into notes it would produce a surprisingly harmonious and beautiful sound…

But it was strange.

‘Who will sing the song?’

Of course I also made songs with the singer I imagined as a hobby. After the members created the ‘Star Songs’ account together he would sometimes create songs full of imagination without a speaker.

However the fact that the song was completed so quickly and specifically means that there is a very clear singing voice in his head.

“that…”

He looked at the notes he had taken and reflexively began to translate them into sound sources in his head.

A voice that fits perfectly into this sound source like a puzzle.

That’s a clear and solid voice.

It’s not overly heavy and every time you go up or down an octave a bit of soft air is mixed into the note.

And for an appealing sound that brings out emotions at an exquisitely precise moment the vibrato is not excessive…

“Is Raebin Kim composing again?”

“…!”

At that moment Raebin Kim turned his head in surprise.

Cha Yu-jin was lying on one of the spare beds in his room and waving her hand.

“I want to listen too!”

“…okay.”

During a deep awakening a strange feeling of regret remained in my mind as if I had slipped away just one inch from enlightenment.

For some reason Raebin Kim let out a small sigh and connected speakers to the PC instead of headphones.

Music colored the room like three-dimensional layers sparkling and bouncing in all directions.

“Wow.”

Cha Yu-jin who was rolling around on the bed also stopped moving for a moment.

He fell into the music whistling softly. And Kim Rae-bin was also immersed in the sound source again.

After such beautiful music and silence dominated the space for a few tens of seconds.

Cha Yu-jin suddenly opened her mouth.

“But Kim Rae-bin. “Why is there another bed here?”

“…”

Kim Rae-bin looked at the extra bed that Cha Yu-jin pointed to with a blank expression.

“…I probably bought it just in case.”

“when?”

“So… quite a while ago.”

“For whom?”

Raebin Kim paused while speaking.

Like a fog blank spaces that I had inadvertently passed through float around in my mind.

The sound source he created came through the speakers and shook my thoughts like a background sound.

Who owns the bed?

And who on earth did he assume when he created this song with a vocal range that goes from 1 octave degrees (C3) to 3 octaves degrees (D#5)?

* * *

Square next to the concert hall.

The wind blowing outside hit my hat.

However Ryu Geon-woo was so immersed in singing that he barely even felt it let alone found it bothersome.

The melody moves up like an escalator and the song moves along with the beat like stepping stones.

-So me

I need to celebrate myself.

I must never forget again

It’s focused enough to keep you immersed but you’re not anxious.

A clever singing technique that catches the ear.

His attitude toward singing in front of an audience did not change.

However this song did not come from the idol’s main vocalist’s vocal cords which had been honed through years of practice and management activities.

It was the sound coming from the vocal cords of Ryu Geon-woo who did not even have singing as a hobby.

therefore.

-Now remember.

until now

It splits slightly in a husky way.

There are some parts where the pitch doesn’t come out the way I wanted and there are also parts where the voice doesn’t sound as expected.

However it was the same when Park Moon-dae first sang this song in &lt;Azusa&gt;.

-Always survive today

an amazing miracle

Don’t forget don’t erase

The essence does not change.

-So congratulations.

Celebrate now

That’s the party in me

Like every day is a PARTY Ooh-

He was a graduate of Testa.

No matter where you are or what you look like.

The identity formed during the densest and most intense years of his life was so strong that it kept him standing still.

I was me.

-Let’s PARTY

Her clear voice which did not waver even at high pitched notes firmly filled the range that the microphone could reach.

There was only one song that ended in a good mood with the song filling up until the end.

The man bowed his head as if he were performing normally.

Clap clap.

Applause from several audience members who stopped and listened filled the space where the musical accompaniment ended.

At the VTIC concert there was a strange feeling perhaps because he sang a song by his former rival T Holic.

Still a reaction is a reaction.

Applause was applause.

“…”

He came down the stairs with a refreshing breath.

Judan finally recovered from his dazed expression and made a confident comment.

“You’re a singer.”

Testa Park Mun-dae did not answer but grinned.

* * *

Judan guy started talking a lot.

When he saw me picking out a song with a thick face in a square where people were passing by he seemed certain that I was making a living from this.

Thanks to you I was listening to this guy’s mystery parade with great praise… Wasn’t he originally a secularist to the point of being a bit weird?

‘Why are you so excited?’

The problem is that the batting average is secretly high.

“Are you working as a singer in LeTi in the future?”

“…”

“From the knowledge that only LeTi officials know to the appearance preferred by this agency…”

And eventually we came to this point.

“No wait… I see. Will you soon join our debut group and debut as the last member? “If it’s been about 10 years that seems to be about the right age…”

“no.”

It’s so plausible that it makes me crazier.

However Zhou Dan nodded slightly meaningfully.

It’s a face that any member you meet in the future will see.

“All right. “That’s how I know it.”

“……”

…Let’s not say in the future that we have experienced something similar.

I walked silently.

Well the fact that people around me are slightly following me seems like an issue with the song selection I mentioned earlier.

‘No matter what did T-Holic’s solo song cross the line?’

It wasn’t intentional though.

Actually the reason I suddenly grabbed the microphone and started singing while walking down the street was because I wanted to experience it for real.

‘I mean I was Park Mun-dae.’

I felt like I needed that to properly come to my senses within the system.

To vividly experience the life I have lived over the past few years.

It’s about making sure your identity is clear.

Moreover I currently have no evidence or connection to Testa Park Mun-dae.

In the end what I felt was important.

And when I tried it it definitely worked… I convinced myself.

That idol is me.

I chuckled and squeezed and opened my hands.

‘good.’

I feel confident.

As long as I don’t lose this sense I can come to my senses anywhere. This is true even within the system.

Let’s define it clearly now.

-Just because I display a status window doesn’t mean I am a system.

Isn’t the cause of the status window originally a very human one?

A big moon.

The status window came about because that guy wanted to help me live as an idol.

He’s been doing that for years.

‘You can’t say I couldn’t last a few fucking months and my identity collapsed.’

Somehow I come to my senses and look at the terminal in the system.

My eyes flashed and I took a step forward. Judan finally calmed down and pointed to a nearby building.

okay.

“There it is. Arriving soon…”

It was then.

“Are you the person who sang in the square earlier?”

“…??”

A human intervened in a bright and loud voice.

‘This is the voice of a salesperson.’

Moreover when I checked the face it looked a bit familiar…

“Chief.”

“Uh oh Udan!”

“…”

He is the head of LeTi’s rookie development team.

‘Hey no way.’

This person who had been deliberately fussing over Ju Dan and pretending to know him looked at me as if he was asking a question to Ju Dan.

“Do you know someone? Oh is this the relative you said was coming? Wow you can’t fake blood but how did your cousin become so handsome? I was surprised. “You sing so well…”

“…”

“Ah it’s still early… Isn’t that before dinner? “I was already thinking of buying food from Udan but there’s a good restaurant here.”

“…that.”

“How are you? It’s right next door! Actually you sang the song so beautifully earlier… you weren’t nervous at all. As an audience member I was too immersed! So I wanted to buy at least one meal…”

“…”

It seems that selecting the T-Holic song had a more aggressive effect than expected.

hmm.

‘It would be more natural this way right?’

It’s about digging up information.

After a quick calculation I opened my mouth.

“yes. Um… thank you.”

“What are you saying! “I am grateful.”

The head of the rookie development team was delighted and quickly pointed to a restaurant called a good restaurant and naturally our destination changed.

The cast was mastered.

“You really calculated this far for that song?”

Is that possible?

But I just grinned.

“Let’s move.”

Judan looked at me with eyes that re-evaluated me.

It’s not a scam. As for fraud.

“Are you okay here?”

“yes. thank you.”

As expected at that ‘good restaurant’ the manager investigated my personal information while eating calming the mood with small talk.

“That’s right!”

And as if I thought it was appropriate when my stomach was full and dessert was about to come I started to unwrap it.

This is the basis for persuasion for a contract.

It was mainly about praising LeTi in an honest way about how attractive the agency is in reality… Of course it’s impossible not to mention the leading artist.

VTIC.

“This LA performance also sold out really quickly.”

And I looked at the facial expression of the manager who was speaking.

‘You’re fine.’

Moreover he brought it into the story without any hesitation. Seeing that he wasn’t being careful at all means that this person wasn’t even informed of any member-related emergency status.

“Udan’s training period is a bit long but if he does well he gets rewarded…”

And various information from this person’s mouth from trainee Joo Dan to the disbandment of T Holic.

Looking at the current reality that matches the information I collected as a status window a clear conclusion can be drawn.

-Cheongryeo has not restarted yet.

This is still his 100th restart of life.

It’s possible that it’s still preparing to restart or that it was about to restart but held off for a while because another problem occurred.

I quickly came to a conclusion.

‘Then all that remains is contact.’

Now all you have to do is kindly reject Director Lee’s scout and send him away and just aim for the right moment to naturally collide with Cheongryeo…

“So Geon-woo. “Are you interested in anything other than singing?”

“…”

Hmm.

* * *

Cheongryeo was lying quietly in the first class seat of the plane.

The LA concert is over.

But he still hadn’t restarted.

If I wanted to it would be easy to break open an airplane window and jump out.

But he didn’t.

Now that the risk factors have been removed there is no burden to start at any time.

…or without reason.

“…”

He thought as he lay in the almost private first class seat.

‘Good thing I deleted it.’

It was a sincere and feeble relief.

I had to erase this useless influence until I restarted.

but.

“…”

My habits of the past few months were more excessive than necessary.

A conversation partner who has nothing to hide and is always available to talk inevitably creates dependence.

It wasn’t good.

‘…Help.’

Cheongryeo muttered insensitively.

That moment.

[why.]

“…!”

My hand gripped the armrest tightly.

He immediately raised his upper body and looked into space.

A bright blue pop-up.

[You said you were restarting but why did it stay like that?]

“…”

Help.

Cheongryeo looked at it in silence and slowly muttered to himself.

“Whenever I restart it will be my heart.”

[I guess it was your intention to kill me because you wanted to restart quickly.]

[I’m not the kind of person whose death will disappear if you restart.]

“Is what you’re talking about welcome?”

[It’s not an illusion it’s real.]

[Anyway if you’re being sarcastic and saying you didn’t die in the end you’re an asshole.]

Cheongryeo looked at the pop-up blankly.

And I read the emotions between the lines.

It was anger.

[You definitely knew it too. I pressed it knowing I could die.]

[Isn’t that why you drank beer?]

“…”

Cheongryeo let out a long sigh.

For some reason he looked very tired.

However the pop-up poured out its remarks without hesitation.

[If you want to press it again press it. Let’s see what happens this time.]

“How did you come back?”

[I don’t know either. Somehow…]

The pop-up blinked as if it was struggling a bit.

It seemed like there had been some kind of blow but the sentence was still unstoppable.

[Anyway I recovered a bit and sent a message. I’m pissed.]

“…”

Cheongryeo looked at the pop-up without any expression.

However the suspicion and enormous questions that the person who sent the pop-up expected were not expressed with the shameless calmness.

[That’s all.]

Cheongryeo slightly moved her head up and down at the last message.

“…okay.”

Park Moon-dae removed the pop-up while suppressing grumbles such as ‘Is it an innate tendency to pat people on the back and become calm?’

Just like that the blue pop-up that appeared in front of Cheongnyeo’s eyes disappeared.

“…”

Help is back!

Cheongryeo silently deleted the red deletion recommendation window that reappeared.

And then he leaned back on his sheet again.

I had to delete it.

The problem is that it didn’t.

* * *

And at the same time.

“Geonwoo?”

“…ah.”

“Oh my you fell asleep while waiting~”

Park Moon-dae opened his eyes in the body of Ryu Geon-woo.

That’s right.

He succeeded in accessing the system in Cheongryeo while maintaining his body!

‘This is it.’

-hello!

Just passing by while the trainees and officials were shaking hands while greeting each other was enough.

The balance was better than expected.

Even though I’m in terrible pain right now and accessing the system is twice as burdensome…

‘I feel like there’s a bit of a corner to contend with.’

Including this one.

He smiled and shook hands with the manager in front of him.

“Congratulations on the contract.”

“thank you.”

Even in real life he signed a contract with LeTi as an aspiring artist.

Of course according to social norms the early 30s was a difficult age to debut as an idol.

So he wrote two secret strategies.

One is… change of occupation.

“You really won’t regret it. “Our actor line this time is really good.”

He signed as an aspiring new actor.

This was Director Lee’s purpose of scouting in the first place.

Rather than Ryu Geon-woo’s singing ability he was chosen because of his calmness and appearance when he sings in front of people without being nervous at all.

‘I don’t really plan on debuting here anyway.’

So this was enough.

And the second.

“If you’re in your mid-20s you’re the perfect age!”

“…yes.”

Isn’t your resident registration number required to sign a contract?

So… um. He really just used his number.

“Then please take care of me Ryu Geon-woo!”

This is Ryu Geon-woo here.

He sent a sincere apology to the college students who are living in this reality.

‘sorry.’

Let’s steal some identity.
