---
title: "Chapter 549"
category: "book"
index: 548
section: "Chapter 549"
slug: "549"
---

# Chapter 549

That’s right.

I did the crazy thing of signing an actor contract with LeTi from the past.

In order to collect information on Cheongryeo from various angles and obtain a status that can be used in case of emergency.

After completing the personal information and signing the director smiled and said to me.

“So you’re coming to Korea two months after the trip ends?”

“yes. thank you.”

Of course I couldn’t return to the country right away. Not only does he not have a passport but his identity is also fake.

‘There wouldn’t even be a record of entering the United States.’

It was perfect to get arrested.

So I postponed my entry by saying nonsense like ‘It’s difficult to cancel my two-month trip to the U.S. before the semester starts next year.’

Well LeTi didn’t even think about compensating for trip cancellation fees but they happily agreed.

“I understand!”

However when we parted ways the manager acted as if he was going to tell us some secret story.

“But before you come to Korea… you can make your screen debut right away. “There was just the right location.”

“yes?”

“When we reviewed it internally Gunwoo’s mask and attitude received very good reviews… You know that right?”

I don’t know.

“You can do it right after your debut.”

I have no intention of debuting.

Instead of saying that I deliberately hesitated.

“I think it’s too fast for me to do it but I think I should do it after practicing so I don’t embarrass the company.”

“Hey what are you talking about!”

You’re not listening.

It doesn’t matter. Anyway it will appear as soon as the analysis of system clues is completed.

I got up from the cafe and saw the manager leave.

“Anyway thank you Geon-woo!”

“yes. thank you.”

And then as if touching a baton a guy quietly got up from the table behind me and sat down in front of me.

“It looks like the contract has been reached well.”

“…”

It’s a casting.

I don’t know why he doesn’t just sit next to me and does such strange things. Instead of asking I just nodded.

“So are you staying in America?”

“okay.”

“It may be better than Korea but the United States is not an easy place for stateless people to live.”

“There are more than one or two illegal immigrants in the United States. “You just have to do it in moderation.”

Since I can speak English and cook and make coffee I will be able to get a job at any fast food restaurant or cafe.

Zhou Dan shook his head.

“At least I will activate your first smartphone. “With a prepaid phone.”

I laughed.

“What kind of money do you have?”

“I would think of it as an investment for the future.”

It seems like they still firmly believe that I was in their group.

His eyes lit up and he asked seriously.

“Let me ask you just one question. “Will I have the means to buy a building in the future?”

“…uh.”

That’s… not sure.

The guy nodded with satisfaction.

“Then please take care of me. “I monitor Senior Cheongryeo’s movements and keep in regular contact with him.”

And he held out his hand as if to shake hands.

I held out my hand while smiling.

“thanks.”

And then I realized.

That the other person’s hand feels hot like it’s burning.

My hands were incredibly cold.

“…!”

The other person’s eyes widened as if he felt it too and he nodded as if he understood the situation.

“This is what happens when you order a cold drink in this weather.”

“…okay.”

no.

In fact I didn’t even touch the drink I ordered.

In other words this is not a symptom of a temporary decrease in body temperature due to being cold.

“…”

After checking on Judan who stood up to order another drink I raised my hand and examined it.

When I held the glass table even the glass that was supposed to be cold felt lukewarm.

The dull pain is a bonus.

‘after.’

Yes this was a problem too.

The point is that my physical condition is quickly becoming like trash.

Not only has my identity been stolen but I don’t have any money so it’s difficult to go to the hospital.

‘It’s not a problem that can be cured by going to the hospital in the first place.’

I opened my fist and then clenched it.

* * *

“My body… became colder.”

“…”

“What should I do?”

Geodal was holding the arm of Park Moon-dae who was sprawled on the sofa.

This is because the body temperature started to cool down as if it was frozen.

My breathing is very shallow and my pulse is very light.

Feeling almost as good as dead.

One time it even faded into obscurity as if it would disappear and then came back making the three people lose their breath.

Kwon Hee-seung who was on a video call ripped his hair out.

[and. I’m going crazy. On the internet no one really thinks it’s strange. Besides… wait a minute! Is lunch time already over? Senior Cheongryeo shouldn’t you come back now? Wow then what should I do?]

“It doesn’t matter today. “Because it’s a holiday.”

[Ah… Well that’s a good thing.]

Cheongryeo was not relieved at all.

He looked back at the big moon and asked.

“I guess they still haven’t found any traces of the system.”

“…yes.”

Geoldal sniffed and continued to try but no clue came from Park Moon-dae’s body.

It was such a strange thing. Obviously it was my brother who put the system together and it had to be the system that put him in this state.

however…

‘How can there be no trace?’

At the time when my head was spinning.

Clap clap!

[Now let’s not get caught up in that too much and think about it again!]

Kwon Hee-seung recalled the situation.

[First of all seeing as my brother’s condition fluctuates from moment to moment from cold to faint…]

Cheongnyeo muttered.

“change.”

[yes?]

“Park Moon-dae is not dead.”

[Of course it should be like that!]

It wasn’t something I said to reassure myself.

‘If the condition continues to change abnormally while the body is still alive.’

Cheongryeo concluded that it was clear that there was a mechanism.

So this reaction may be occurring because Park Moon-dae is experiencing something.

Just somewhere other than here.

And there is just no clue as to where that place is.

Heeseung Kwon began to groan.

[Um… place. Ah that time… when I became a server. Do you know what state our bodies were in at that time? On that plane. That… big moon brother? My brother wasn’t there.]

The big moon groaned together.

“I don’t know because we were all dragged in together… Ah but even then I accessed my brother’s status window and found him!”

But now there is no trace.

[Oh really!]

Tuk. Tuk.

Cheongryeo knocked slowly on the table.

[What’s the difference? Are there any different conditions from back then?]

Cheongryeo stopped tapping his fingers on the table.

condition.

-Does Park Moon University have a system?

\: YES

-Park Moon-dae showed any abnormal symptoms?

\: YES

In summary it’s the same.

Then the other thing is the details.

And if there is one difference in the process…

medium.

“I see.”

[yes?]

Moon-Dae Park was in the process of collecting something called system debris.

And finally the person who had the fragment.

Moreover the only person he came into contact with when he was caught up in a strange phenomenon was…

“it’s me.”

“yes??”

It was himself.

Cheongryeo grabbed Big Moon’s arm.

“Check on me.”

“ah…”

Geoldal was pushed by the momentum and reflexively tried to ‘connect’ with Cheongryeo without even realizing it.

and…

I flinch.

“…!!”

The big moon trembled its arms.

Then he slowly raised his head and swallowed.

“there is.”

Hope shone in his eyes.

“There’s something about Mr. Cheongryeo! “So it’s a trace that leads to some kind of system something like a passage…”

[Wow I was right!!]

No matter what Kwon Hee-seung shouted Cheongryeo did not react.

“Can I contact you?”

“I’m trying it now!”

Geoldal tried with all his might.

and.

Tung.

Cheongnyeo felt a faint unpleasant dull ache-like ache passing through her mind.

But that was the end.

“…”

Big Moon was in a cold sweat.

“It’s too… too far… and too fast.”

[It’s fast?? What does that feel like?]

“I don’t know! “It just feels that way…”

It was as if he was trying to deliver a message to someone on a moving train by running bare-chested.

A feeling of inadequacy.

It felt like a completely different method was needed.

‘Ugh!!’

Still as he managed to get a clue Geudal tried to think more calmly.

How do I contact you?

“Seon Ah-hyeon.”

“yes?”

Big Moon looked back at Cheongnyeo.

“That was what caused the error in the system. “Can’t I use it?”

From the beginning Cheongryeo prioritized calling Sun Ah-hyeon as soon as the incident occurred.

‘ah!’

Geoldal understood what he was saying but at the same time he fell into deep trouble again.

This is because Cheongryeo’s phone calls did not work at all for Sun Ah-hyun.

“But you don’t remember Moon Dae or recognize him at all… How can you?”

How do you persuade them?

It was that moment.

dripping.

“Over there.”

“…!!”

As I turned my head I saw a tall figure coming through the front door of the building.

The person with a nervous expression… was Sun Ah-hyun wearing a coat!

“…?!”

For a moment Geoldal wondered if he had some strange ability.

“hello.”

But it wasn’t the end for Sun Ah-hyun.

Five more people each with different steps came in behind Sun Ah-hyun who carefully entered the room.

“excuse me.”

Big Moon was dumbfounded.

Testa Power.

Everyone suddenly appeared in the JSA.

“…!?”

“I came because I wanted to ask you something.”

Ryu Cheong-woo who came in last confirmed that all members had entered the door.

And asked.

To Cheongryeo.

“Who is Park Mun-dae?”

* * *

Two hours ago.

“Thank you for lending me the book. Sejin. “It was fun.”

“…what.”

Bae Se-jin felt a little embarrassed and snatched the book held out by Ryu Cheong-wu.

“haha.”

Liu Chengwu smiled coolly.

This is because I found out that although this friend may be blunt at times he actually takes the time to write a list to recommend books to me.

The books I read this time seemed to have been chosen with care. It was an autobiographical essay about a retired athlete becoming successful in the IT industry. Liu Chengwu laughed happily at the slightly explicit contents of the book.

‘I should read it carefully’

However when I finished reading the content I felt like it would be more interesting for someone who is more interested in the Internet than myself.

So among the members…

“…”

Liu Chengwu crossed his arms and leaned against the wall.

“Sejin.”

“…why.”

“Out of all of us did you do the most monitoring?”

“…! “I just watch a little bit of WeTube but not that much!”

“huh. yes.”

“Rather than me…!”

However Bae Se-jin who had been giving an example without hesitation froze there.

‘…therefore.’

I’m sure it happened but when I tried to give an example I couldn’t think of anyone.

There was someone.

“…”

“…”

A stiff silence fell somewhere in the living room.

Lee Se-jin who was trying to pass by with a toothbrush in his mouth paused for a moment.

“…?”

At that moment Bae Se-jin broke the silence and barely shouted.

“okay! You see more of that Lee Se-jin! Internet!”

“Me?”

“okay!”

“…I don’t know what it is but it feels like something bad? “Isn’t it~?”

“…Oh no.”

With the addition of a playful tone the tense atmosphere was finally relieved and an inexplicable sense of relief took over the living room.

However Liu Chengwu was deep in thought with a calm face.

Sejin Lee lightly tapped the leader’s shoulder.

“Ah Sejin.”

“yes. brother!”

Sejin Lee smiled cheerfully and rubbed the back of her neck.

“hmm. “For some reason the atmosphere in the dorm today feels really stuffy. Is it because everyone is working so hard?”

“Maybe so.”

Liu Chengwu nodded and then made this recommendation.

“Shall we watch some old videos?”

“Oh good. Let’s find our original intention!”

So they gathered in the living room and started watching Testa’s old stages and contents.

Randomly from debut activities to recent activities.

[I think of you whom I met tomorrow all day today.]

[Dream as blue as day]

“Oh what are you watching?”

“I just finished my work.”

And as it was a holiday the members joined in one by one and started watching the videos.

Debut stage extreme travel desert island shipwreck country living concert with Munggae special stage…

W Live to commemorate the first concert.

[Park Moon-dae (Today’s Crybaby King)\:… Thank you.]

But it felt oddly awkward.

“…ah.”

“hmm.”

But the more I looked at it the more the awkwardness disappeared and it felt like it was just my mood.

Bae Se-jin thought.

‘It’s strange.’

Normally gathering together and monitoring should be fun. Why does it feel like I’m holding back so much?

And Ryu Cheong-wu who was sitting next to him opened his mouth as if talking to himself.

“It was just a thought.”

“yes.”

“The high notes on stage just sounded good.”

“Yes.”

“Our members are good at it~”

Ryu Cheong-wu coolly asked in response to the gentle words of kindness.

“Who exactly?”

“…”

-Whose high note is it?

“Oh of course you are my brother. Ah except for our rapper line everyone is good at middle and high notes~”

“I don’t think I can raise it that high.”

“…yes?”

“I know my vocal range well.”

Liu Chengwu spoke calmly.

By absorbing his experience as a steer into knowledge he knew his own strengths and weaknesses more clearly than before.

“Not me.”

“…”

“I heard our member called.”

“That’s… that’s right.”

“who?”

A dizzying silence once again dominated the living room.

With only Testa’s stage sound coming out dully from the TV.

“Shit… is there a 7th member that none of us know about? Like a haunted house story?”

Cha Yu-jin covered her mouth and shouted like that.

“Huh??”

Everyone was shocked and started shaking their heads or hitting the person who spoke.

“Don’t say nonsense Cha Yu-jin!”

“You do it every time!”

“Ouch! It hurts! “I’m sick!”

Lee Se-jin didn’t hit Cha Yu-jin but he shook his head and said

“Hey where is there such a thing as a ghost? Ah the mention of a ghostly idol reminds me of that. Why is that there? Yes VTIC senior Cheongryeo and our members came out together…”

“ah. “That mountain cabin.”

Bae Se-jin who remembered &lt;Let’s become friends first&gt; spoke and the members nodded vigorously.

Yes there was that too!

Liu Chengwu asked.

“…Who is that member?”

“…”

“…”

Chilly silence.

The hand that was hitting Cha Yu-jin also stopped.

[OK. Now I’m literally getting goosebumps.]

And he realized that he had casually believed that someone would translate the English and that no one had come forward to do so.

About the sense of discomfort I’ve felt so far.

He frowned.

“It’s strange.”

Liu Chengwu pressed his eyebrows.

“good. If you’ve ever had a strange experience let’s talk about it in detail. Was there some kind of trigger?”

“That… I mean.”

But everything felt vague and stable like in a fog.

The goosebumps I felt for a moment disappeared and it was as if nothing had happened. They were just about to move on to the stage where they felt slightly embarrassed as if they had reacted excessively and unrealistically.

It was then.

“ah.”

Sun Ah-hyun let out an exclamation with a pale face.

“What is it?”

“brother…?”

Pressed by urging Seon Ah-hyeon slowly opened her mouth.

“I mean… earlier. I had a call on Saturday. “I suddenly got a phone call…”

“With who?”

“VTIC Cheongnyeo senior uses this smartphone.”

Sejin Lee frowned slightly.

“Isn’t that Ahyun’s private phone? “Why does that senior know that number?”

“Ugh that was strange… and.”

Sun Ah-hyun muttered as she lowered her smartphone.

“He suddenly asked me if I knew a certain stranger.”

“…”

“who.”

“A man named Park Moon-dae.”

It was a name I had never heard of.

So the members got even more goosebumps down their spines.

“…What did you answer?”

“I said I didn’t know so he told me to search in the search bar…”

“…”

Usually when a portal site asks you to search it means that it will come up if you search…

That occupation is usually a celebrity.

Idols like themselves.

“And now I checked.”

Sun Ah-hyun lifted another smartphone from the table with a still expressionless face.

It was Sun Ah-hyun’s work smartphone.

He’s been checking this since the call. There was something that kept bothering me.

“The number that called from my private phone was different.”

“what?”

“Senior Cheongryeo’s number that I saved here… wasn’t.”

“…”

That’s it.

Everyone felt it intuitively.

That was the strangest and most suspicious thing!

“How about adding a blank character?”

“okay!”

And under the supervision of Ryu Cheong-woo Seon Ah-hyun wrote this message to Cheongryeo.

-Is it possible to visit JSA on the same day? We would like to go see you now.

A few hours later.

“No matter how much I think about it it’s strange.”

This is what they asked here.

A ridiculous question that I would never have asked normally.

“I’m talking about the person named Park Moon-dae who spoke to Ahyeon on the phone earlier.”

“…”

“Are you by any chance a member of ours?”
