---
title: "Chapter 550"
category: "book"
index: 549
section: "Chapter 550"
slug: "550"
---

# Chapter 550

After I decided to stay in the US.

‘hmm.’

After getting a job at a store that barely paid the minimum wage I went back into the system to search for clues.

Of course Ryu Geon-woo’s body was left in a small rented studio with the help of Judan.

I took a deep breath.

‘It’s okay.’

It was worth holding on to.

As the pressure felt unpleasant it was safe and had not yet encroached on the system.

And even more so when I keep being reminded of the reality before I was dragged into this damn system.

‘…I’m sure the other guys are fine.’

It was fortunate that we didn’t drag this guy or that guy in like last time.

I continued to dive concentrating my mind to keep that thought in my head as much as possible.

To where the terminal is.

* * *

Shortly after Testa entered the JSA.

“…”

“…”

“No way. But maybe…?”

“Speak Korean Cha Yu-jin.”

The Testa members who heard about everything that happened through Keudal and Kwon Hee-seung’s collaboration – you really had a 7th member and it disappeared! – were momentarily dumbfounded.

They were so suspicious that they did something crazy by coming to JSA without hesitation because it was a holiday.

But I didn’t expect to get such a blatantly unrealistic answer.

“…So the 7th member is…”

“Lie down there…”

Bae Se-jin turned his head at Keundal’s gesture.

On that sofa…

There was nothing.

“…”

Bae Se-jin felt cold sweat running down her back.

‘for a moment. This group of people seems like a strange cult but they joined… ’

However the combination of VTIC Cheongnyeo spacer Kwon Hee-seung and a suddenly handsome 7th grade civil servant was very strange.

No if it was a cult in the first place wouldn’t it have used a more plausible and realistic method?

And as if to support that thought Big Moon hurriedly opened his mouth.

“Think of it again. “Sejin how do you know me?”

“…yes?”

Bae Se-jin stiffened.

Now that I think about it I knew this person’s identity ‘as if it were obvious’…

“So… you said you were my fan.”

“no.”

Big Moon muttered with a slightly sad face as if he was holding back something.

“That’s also Testa Park Moon-dae.”

“…”

“I’m a Testa fan too but… we got to know each other thanks to him.”

Bae Se-jin eventually kept his mouth shut.

Big Moon asked earnestly.

“You all have some knowledge or memories but the process of creating them is unclear…?”

“…”

Testa recalled several feelings of discomfort and doubt that each person had.

Sometimes a hobby sometimes an ability sometimes a surreal experience.

Or it was knowledge that only those who persistently continued their idol life without success would have.

A reality that subtly contradicts one’s current perception.

Everyone realized.

“…”

There was a deep silence with no one denying Geoldal’s words.

and.

“Over there.”

“yes?”

Sun Ah-hyeon slightly raised her hand and asked with a pale face.

“You said he was… on the sofa right?”

“…yes.”

“Wait… can I come closer?”

“sure…”

After hearing Keundal’s immediate answer Seon Ah-hyeon carefully and gently approached the sofa.

“for a moment.”

“…?”

Cheongryeo moved right next to Park Moon-dae’s sofa and placed his hand near Park Moon-dae’s carotid artery.

And he spoke quite softly.

“Here it is.”

“Ah thank you…”

Sun Ah-hyun slowly stretched out her hand onto the sofa.

Trying not to forget that there’s someone above him that he doesn’t recognize.

Sun Ah-hyeon thoughtfully stretched out her hand.

‘I want to know.’

A trembling hand slowly reached for an unseen person.

Without any sense of touch.

* * *

The center of the system has finally arrived.

Park Moon-dae put his hand on the terminal.

* * *

That moment.

Sun Ah-hyun felt something like static electricity explode from her fingertips.

All the way to the head.

And even to other people.

[■■■■■■■■■■]

A flashback passes by.

-The calm way of speaking when coming up with ideas in the first team match; the gutsy PPT presentation of first place thoughts; the rough consolation of Inyoung’s hands stroking the puppy that was crying at the first concert…

and.

-The person in front of you.

Sun Ah-hyun twitched her hand.

Something flashed under my hand and a silhouette passed by…

Patter.

[■■■■■■■■■■]

Big Moon saw Park Moon-dae’s body blinking as if it were breaking into countless holograms.

From under Sun Ah-hyun’s hands.

“…!!”

At the same time he got up from his seat someone pushed his chest to stop him.

It was Cheongryeo.

Still in contact with Park Moon-dae he stared at the large moon in silence.

“…”

[What is it? What happened?]

The phenomenon which could not be conveyed through the camera flashed sharply as if piercing the eyes of Geodal and Cheongnyeo but soon subsided.

The stabbing pain stopped and Testa staggered to his feet.

“Huh.”

Only then did the hand blocking the big moon disappear.

After glaring at Cheongryeo once he rushed out and hurriedly asked\:

“Are you okay?”

“So…”

“Oh my fxxking… Look! Look at that!”

Big Moon hastily turned his head. Cha Yu-jin who had already run to the sofa was freaking out next to Park Moon-dae.

Big Moon’s mind sparkled with hope.

“Everyone… can you see it?”

“Of course YES!! “Get up!”

Cha Yu-jin grabbed Park Mun-dae and shook it. People were freaked out.

“Watch your head watch your head!!”

“Oh my gosh I’m going to break my neck at Mundaemundae…”

Sejin Lee stopped talking.

Compared to the words that came out naturally the face was somewhat stiff.

“You remembered…?”

Geoldal spoke with less confidence than before.

“…hmm.”

In a slightly unfamiliar move Lee Se-jin took Park Moon-dae’s body instead of Cha Yu-jin and carefully laid it down on the sofa.

He seemed to be holding back his confusion.

Instead Kim Rae-bin who looked like she didn’t know what to do opened her mouth.

“I remember! “But I feel like I’ll forget it at any moment!”

“…!”

That’s right.

I’m not sure what the mechanism is but Testa recognized the existence of Park Moon-dae.

Just like a temporary measure.

Just like Park Moon-dae was blinking like a hologram earlier.

“…”

The expressions of the people present sank for different reasons.

This is because Testa slowly realized that this was an incredibly dangerous situation and Keudal and Kwon Hee-seung knew that Testa realized that.

Only one person spoke without changing his expression.

“It worked. “I think we need to make more similar attempts.”

It was Cheongryeo.

Bae Se-jin frowned.

“…Isn’t there an explanation first? “Park Moon-dae needs to tell us in detail why it happened like that so that we can come up with ideas…”

“Do I need to reiterate the importance of saving time?”

“…”

The moment when the tension was about to flow.

[Now wait a minute! Brothers you probably still feel uncomfortable but really don’t regret it later and say ‘Oh we shouldn’t have argued’ so let’s do something right now!]

Kwon Hee-seung who was able to see all of this objectively because he was participating through the camera shouted.

“…”

After checking everything Liu Qingyu slowly opened his mouth with a bitter smile.

“Heeseung what you say is persuasive.”

“…!”

“Of course we will try something.”

Big Moon clenched his fists. Liu Chengwu asked calmly.

“Is there a way to make Mundae wake up again? Or should we think from there?”

“That means…”

From here on I didn’t come up with a specific method!

Geudal who was sweating and trying to explain the method suddenly realized that Cheongryeo was staring at him without saying a word.

And when I thought about it the reason these people came in like this… wasn’t this person giving permission?

It was clear that Cheongryeo knew this in advance.

“hey.”

Cheongnyeo just slightly rolled her eyes.

Big Moon asked with a huff.

“You were in contact with the testers a long time ago right?”

“…”

As I was able to get in touch with him the person who passed the snatched meeting that was almost at the level of controversy over celebrity favors through connections he made while working in the command and control room did not respond.

“Why did you contact the testers but not even tell me?”

Knowing I have a backup makes me lazy.

You will achieve the most efficiency if you think that there is no other way than to try yourself and stick to it desperately.

Cheongryeo who skipped the explanation without even blinking answered simply.

“I don’t have time.”

“…”

“I’m sure you’re not saying that you need to hear an explanation either. “You probably don’t know that action comes first.”

“…”

[evil! Yes that’s right! Start with action not explanation! Act quickly!]

“Oh I understand!”

At the urging of Kwon Hee-seung who was feeling frustrated as if he had eaten about 10000 sweet potatoes Geudal eventually quickly contacted Cheongryeo again.

It means roughly grabbing the arm.

“And… uh then”

“Among Testa’s juniors there is someone with a unique personality.”

Cheongryeo cut off the conversation like a knife and came in clearly.

“There is no need to explain the method since it has been used in the virtual world as well. “I will do it in a similar way this time… Seon Ah-hyun.”

“…yes?”

“No matter what I was thinking when I contacted Park Moon-dae earlier.”

He stared at Sun Ah-hyun.

“Just do it.”

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun bit her lip and nodded.

‘Do it as a favor please!’

Big Moon felt like screaming but he held back and persevered.

Instead I also gained enlightenment.

‘Come to think of it Sun Ah-hyeon is not the only one like this.’

He recalled that Lee Se-jin had developed his characteristics and surpassed the potential stats indicated by the system.

Thanks to their characteristics both of them showed moves that deviated from the system’s notation.

‘perhaps… ’

At that moment his mind lit up!

-If the power of this ‘characteristic’ of a person becomes large enough wouldn’t the system be unable to understand it?

And coincidentally most of Testa possessed high-grade characteristics.

‘This is it!’

Big Moon opened his mouth with the thought that he had to make up for it.

If you ‘connect’ with direct contact you might be able to use that characteristic as well!

“Wouldn’t it be better if we all put our hands together?”

“God… this is totally like Astrology. Do you guys believe in Voodoo?”

“…”

Although she said that Cha Yu-jin quickly cooperated with surprisingly serious eyes.

He asked sullenly placing his hand on Big Moon’s arm.

“Is this right?”

“yes yes!”

Big Moon nodded vigorously.

And then he looked at the other members with eager eyes.

“hmm.”

Most of the members either shrugged their shoulders or made desperate faces and did as Geoldal said and contacted him.

And last.

“…”

Big Moon looked at Testa’s greatest realist with slightly fearful eyes.

It was Lee Se-jin who was watching this scene with his arms crossed.

Lee Se-jin laughed when he made eye contact with Big Moon.

“Ah I don’t know. Normally it would be normal to be angry here. “You know right?”

First he wanted to hear a proper explanation of what the situation was.

I felt like yelling at Park Moon-dae saying that if he gets involved with these people he gets caught up in these ridiculous incidents.

I wanted to ask for an explanation and make a plan myself.

but.

‘I’m not an expert.’

“Let’s try this first and then talk about it.”

He acknowledged it and extended his hand.

Even after you cooperate you can still be questioned.

“Thank you!”

Geoldal swallowed his saliva and spoke as loudly as possible.

“Well then… I will.”

After he took a deep breath.

– Tung.

Through Cheongryeo I accessed the ‘passage’ through which the system passed.

* * *

“…Whoop!”

Testa Park Moon-dae took a long deep breath in Ryu Geon-woo’s old studio apartment.

When I felt a strange sensation in the terminal and saw no other changes I immediately exited the system after waiting for a while.

‘What happened?’

He recalled the subtle twinge of pain as he clenched and unclenched his fist.

…Somehow I felt like my body hurt less.

“…”

However after a few days his body got used to it again so Park Mun-dae almost dismissed it as just his mood.

* * *

Big Moon blinked his eyes.

The passage over was still too fast. The distant and overwhelming acceleration made him tremble as if he could never catch up.

at that time.

[‘Trait\: Guts’ activating!]

\: Offset mental status abnormalities.

The terribly heavy resistance is suddenly lowered and the spirit becomes lighter.

‘Whew.’

Big Moon settled down near the passage more easily and checked the goal beyond…

[‘Attribute\: Focus’ activated!]

\: Concentration +120%

The goal became clearer as if my vision became clearer and I could clearly see distant places.

Geoldal prepared in place.

[‘Attribute\: Full draw’ activating!]

\: Performance equanimity +150%

Calmly in the perfect position.

After taking a deep breath check the route.

And shake everything off.

-Phew.

Let’s go.

[‘Attribute\: Be Quiet’ Activating!]

\: Momentum +180%

Acceleration increases.

[‘Attribute\: Maestro’ activated!]

\: Creation speed +150% when inspired

Faster and louder.

The engine-like power becomes more solid and powerful as if it were being absorbed into a single point.

[‘Attribute\: Black Hole’ being activated!

\: Stage immersion +180%]

Big Moon took a deep breath.

The characteristics bounce around inside the large moon clashing with each other like ping-pong.

[‘Attribute\: Focus’ activated!]

[‘Attribute\: Full draw’ activating!]

[‘Trait\: Guts’ activating!]

[‘Attribute\: Black Hole’ being activated!]

Big Moon connected the dots in a trance and gradually increased its power.

Lines shapes three dimensions.

More massively.

[‘Attribute\: Be Quiet’ Activating!]

[‘Attribute\: Maestro’ activated!]

[‘Attribute\: Full draw’ activating!]

More quickly.

The acceleration increases in an instant.

[‘Trait\: Guts’ activating!]

[‘Attribute\: Be Quiet’ being activated!]

[‘Attribute\: Focus’ activated!]

Mix and become powerful.

[Activating ‘Characteristics’]

Like that I headed across the aisle like crazy.

‘just a little!’

After running and shooting he managed to find something at the tip of his finger…

-Tuk.

I reached it.

‘Gotcha…!’

Big Moon threw all his spirit into it and finally clung to the moving train.

* * *

Park Moon-dae spent several weeks clenching his teeth somehow not missing a single part-time job even though he was struggling with Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

However something unexpected happened.

– Mr. Geonwoo! Filming was caught!

-… and.

After all LeTi gave him his first ‘actor’ job.

‘Now is not the time to stop loss.’

In the end he decided to cry and eat mustard and accepted the job…

“…hello.”

“…”

At my first photo shoot meeting I met a familiar person.

It is Bae Se-jin with a haggard look.

‘What’s going on here?’

The job that LeTi’s agency people introduced him to was a supporting role in the music video of a solo female singer under their label.

-Just walk smile and follow instructions without saying anything!

That was easy.

However he didn’t know that this guy would be his coach.

‘Are you preparing to return?’

Since it was still before &lt;Azusa&gt; I didn’t even know I was undergoing rehabilitation in this way.

Park Moon-dae assumed that and held out his hand.

…I was a little happy but also a little sad.

“i look forward to.”

“…yes.”

So I shook hands with the person who was still using the name ‘Lee Se-jin’.

It was that moment.

Ryu Geon-woo suddenly saw the words floating above Bae Se-jin.

&lt;‘Focusing Genius Actor (★★★★☆)’ has entered the channel.&gt;

[A concentrating genius actor is shocked to see you!]

[Screaming asking what is happening.]

“…??”

what’s this.

* * *

“what’s this!!”

“Calm down! “Communicate!”

Bae Se-jin was looking at the pop-up in front of her scared.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ▵ㅁ)\: Can’t believe his own eyes!]

It was… a Tamagotchi screen!
