---
title: "Chapter 551"
category: "book"
index: 550
section: "Chapter 551"
slug: "551"
---

# Chapter 551

Bae Se-jin looked straight ahead trembling.

There was still a strange dot picture screen floating there.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ_ㅁ+)\: Deducing your identity!]

“…”

“That’s it!”

So what happened?

Bae Se-jin looked at the big moon in confusion. Geoldal was wearing a suit and had a bright expression.

My body turned on its own.

“What should I… do…”

“Please slowly remove the contact as is! “I’m still connecting!”

‘Ugh.’

Bae Se-jin left the hand that was holding Keodeal’s shoulder.

The people who were randomly holding onto Big Moon’s limbs here and there slowly fell off of Big Moon in an orderly manner.

But everyone’s eyes were fixed on the strange window that appeared in front of Bae Se-jin.

This is…

“Isn’t there a game about raising daughters? “That’s what it feels like?”

“No but why is Park Mun-dae over there!”

“Brother isn’t there anyone here who isn’t curious about that?”

After some sudden and intense reasoning they came to the conclusion that Park Moon-dae was in some strange virtual world just like last time.

“At least… I’m glad.”

“…”

…But why a Tamagotchi?

“I tried my best…”

Big Moon recalled the situation when they caught up across the passage.

‘Suddenly the information value ‘Learning’ came in.’

This format was formed as we tried to exert influence on Park Moon-dae as comfortably as possible in that situation.

[Anyway I’m glad I found it. phew…]

Cha Yu-jin pointed next to the video call screen of Kwon Hee-seung who was sighing in relief.

“Mundae-hyung’s face has changed!”

“…”

Big Moon observed the screen. And then he pointed at himself with a dumbfounded expression.

“…I see. “It’s this face??”

“that’s right!”

Even though the atmosphere was completely different.

Unlike Geundal who is clearly a handsome young man with a good personality Park Moon-dae whose image quality is low on screen seemed… to have a dirty personality.

No he looked haggard.

Instructions come out from the dots.

“…wait for a sec. Why is this kid so picky?!”

“Is there anything else we can check?”

“Now just wait a moment.”

Big Moon did its best and in the end people were able to see a summary of the status of Mundae structured like a dot game.

Bae Se-jin who was in the front easily read through the information.

‘Park Moon-dae… ’

I have no money my body hurts and my mental stats are great but…

“Your physical strength is trash.”

“…”

“Thank goodness it’s not at all.”

Hearing Cha Yu-jin’s facts Geudal pressed his eyes with both hands.

Still the mood of people calmed down a lot when they indirectly confirmed that Park Moon-dae was alive everywhere.

“Now all I have to do is figure out how to bring him in?”

“First of all… let’s let you know that we’re here and trying to get you.”

However communication that was too complex was almost impossible.

Moreover in Keudal’s judgment it was dangerous to communicate with Park Moon-dae by giving him more information value than this.

“For now… I think this is the limit! “It seems like you are very tired and having a hard time…”

“…”

Even ‘connecting’ like this is a situation where each person with the characteristic has to take turns.

And for some reason Bae Se-jin who was selected as the first hitter continued to look at the screen with a shocked expression.

Sun Ah-hyun slightly raised her hand.

“Well then first of all is there any way to help this area become healthy?”

“I agree! “Recovering your health is the priority.”

Big Moon nodded his head loudly.

“yes! I think I can try something more once I recover! Umm…”

Bae Se-jin listened intently to those words and saw the speech bubble changing before his eyes.

And I couldn’t believe my eyes.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ_ㅁ)\: Trying out acting.]

“…performance?”

Why are you doing that…?

“…Looking at his job status and things like that it seems like he’s an aspiring actor or something.”

“…”

“…”

I wondered what on earth had happened.

Cheongryeo who was observing the situation in silence placed his hand on his chin.

‘The flow of time is different.’

Just as the time in the game and reality are different.

Park Moon-dae who can now be seen in the pop-up window had already finished reading the bundle of paper that appeared to be a script in just a few tens of seconds.

‘Is it about one day every two minutes?’

Cheongryeo quickly finished the calculation.

Meanwhile Park Moon-dae on the screen had a sour expression on his face.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ=ㅁ)\: Struggling with acting…]

Liu Chengwu muttered.

“Moondae… probably isn’t good at acting.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae did an amazing job of shamelessly imitating someone.

However when asked to immerse themselves in a character and express their emotions or express complex conflicted feelings… the results were disastrous.

“Mmm.”

And reflexively attention turned to the person who performed the best here.

“hmm.”

Bae Se-jin frowned and pressed Park Moon-dae who was playing Tamagotchi.

“Is there… isn’t there anything I can do?”

It was that moment.

[Talents linked to characteristics!]

[Would you like to bestow blessings?]

“…!?”

* * *

I stared blankly at the pop-up hologram of the chat window I was exchanging with Geoldal.

It was the first message I saw when I came here.

Someone’s signal.

[The genius actor who is concentrating feels sorry for you.]

‘…actor?’

Keywords such as ‘focus’ and ‘genius’ are included in the description.

Moreover considering that the person standing right in front of me was Bae Se-jin from a few years ago…

Is this… Bae Se-jin in real life?

‘…Sejin hyung?’

But there was no response. It doesn’t seem like a direct conversation.

I waited for a new message to pop up but nothing appeared for a few seconds after that.

“hey.”

“Oh I’m sorry.”

I first changed my focus and looked at Bae Se-jin ‘on this side’.

Bae Se-jin who probably came here for rehabilitation at the end of his past break before participating in &lt;Azusa&gt;.

It seemed like he was literally invited for coaching rather than appearing in person.

‘That guy’s company and affiliates are different so how could he… Ah it looks like the director knows him.’

I am

“If you give it a try… I’ll check and tell you.”

“…hmm.”

I opened the music video script I received from the staff.

In fact I didn’t even have any lines.

All I had to do was walk along the beach feeling lonely and sad and throw a bouquet of flowers.

And there were only a few lines of instructions to kick the seawater.

But… it’s the last one.

[C\: (Looking back with eyes that want to talk a lot)

The sea sparkles with strong backlight contrast.]

“…”

What on earth does this ‘eye that wants to talk a lot’ mean?

It was dizzying in many ways.

But since it wasn’t a situation where I could say I didn’t do anything I held back a sigh and collected my brain.

‘Let’s think back to our experience shooting a music video.’

I walked as naturally as possible and looked back.

“…”

“…”

I’m embarrassed so please say something.

Bae Se-jin who had dark circles lowered her eyes.

“…you’ve never studied acting before.”

“yes.”

“Then that’s enough.”

what?

“Do the same thing you did before when filming.”

And Bae Se-jin now Lee Se-jin lowered his gaze to the script he was reading.

“…”

Hmm.

* * *

[Do you have any acting experience?]

Inside a moving VTIC van.

Cheongnyeo closed her eyes and opened them at the help that suddenly appeared.

This help which came out ‘at will’ as it declared itself no longer tried to prove its usefulness in every case.

However he wanted to hear about Cheongryeo’s daily life.

-Did you ever get upset?

On days when the conversation went on for a long time he sometimes offered consolation or advice.

And sometimes I asked questions like this.

Now instead of saying ‘Why are you asking such a question?’ Cheongryeo answered calmly.

“It has no effect on the group’s success.”

I tried it but it means I gave up. Park Moon-dae interpreted it right away.

[…okay. Usually there are one or two members who act in idol groups. For some reason there was no VTIC.]

Cheongryeo almost laughed for a moment.

“Usually… from the time a group is formed there are positions assigned to specific members.”

He continued speaking refreshingly.

“We were no exception.”

This meant that there were members of VTIC who also took acting classes.

[Who was that?]

“Sinnoh.”

[!!]

Is this surprising?

Cheongryeo slightly shifted his gaze and became aware of Shinno who was sitting diagonally behind him.

A pop-up that felt a bit strange appeared.

[It doesn’t look like an acting major.]

“well. “Because appearance is more important than acting ability.”

This is because when an idol agency selects a member for an actor they prefer to choose a suitable appearance and develop their abilities through training.

It wasn’t just about looking good.

The impression is neat and tidy. Good bones. Did the camera capture the atmosphere well?

That was the normal selection criteria.

What is unique is that unlike idol evaluations the simple type was evaluated better than the overly intense type.

“The baseline is different from the stage.”

The help pop-up disappeared for a moment as if he was lost in thought.

[okay. Because it has to look more natural and everyday than when performing. It is normal for standards to be different.]

Cheongryeo looked at him with interest as he repeated these tips as if he were organizing them.

What are you thinking?

However instead of continuing his next words the help was evoked as if to change the topic.

[But isn’t acting ability just as important as appearance? You may get criticized for acting.]

“That won’t happen.”

[…?]

Cheongnyeo put her arm around the window.

“There won’t be any actor schedules until the contract is renewed anyway.”

[…]

This is because the topicality is dispersed.

[If you are a human be nice to him.]

Cheongryeo smiled slightly.

It wasn’t such a bad feeling to exchange these words.

‘hmm.’

Since the conversation was no longer regular Cheongryeo was able to maintain a strange sense of distance from Help.

If you don’t want to delete it right away this method is better.

“We have arrived.”

“Yes~!”

The car stopped and VTIC started to get up.

Help was available for questions asked.

[Are you going to record?]

“okay.”

But there was no greeting to say goodbye.

Cheongryeo was aware of that but walked straight ahead without hesitation.

* * *

‘Naturally’.

After getting off work from my part-time job I sat in my old studio apartment and checked the script one more time.

Still I checked the pop-ups from time to time.

[A genius actor who is focused is concerned about your health.]

But there was no significant change.

Sometimes ‘a genius actor who is concentrating gets troubled.’ Although words were exchanged there was still no feeling of real-time communication.

‘As expected my thoughts and words are being conveyed.’

…My mouth was a little bitter.

What was surprising though was that when I logged into the system the pop-up remained albeit blurry. Good thing I was a little adventurous and tried it.

So… to sum it up.

Maybe.

‘Isn’t there a fairly high probability that this is a message from reality?’

And if that’s the case we’ll be able to somehow find a way to communicate.

…Just that idea made me feel pretty good.

“hmm.”

I got up from my seat and walked around the narrow room.

‘Actually you don’t need to be that good at acting.’

This is just something I do to gather information about the reality so if I act like a real actor I might be taken to Korea right away.

…However if what I was doing wasn’t up to par that was also a problem.

In this case you may still be taken to Korea. What if I tell you to return to Korea quickly and take acting classes?

‘no.’

Besides that.

‘…When I started acting it started popping up.’

It may have been because I met Bae Se-jin but unless I knew what was causing it I had to hold on to acting.

‘So the bottom line is practice.’

I also thought I had an appropriate route in which direction to practice.

-It should be a natural and everyday movement but it should look atmospheric.

In short move in a way that is natural enough to be everyday but cool at the same time.

‘It seems like a designer’s request to be simple but flashy.’

But labor does not betray. If you focus on your body movements pay attention to them and practice repeatedly you will probably do something similar someday.

The obstacle is…

The point is that his body is in rubbish condition.

‘Oh damn.’

I sighed as I walked.

It was physically almost impossible to stay focused for a long period of time naturally and at the same time in this condition.

Especially without the stage adrenaline.

‘I can grit my teeth and endure it for three minutes.’

Unlike the stage the tempo was long and the impact was high and dense rather than exploding it was more humiliating.

‘It’s hard to concentrate.’

Should I at least bite my tongue?

“Phew.”

I kicked the non-existent sea with my feet.

The next few days passed by in an instant and the shooting day finally arrived.

And I met Bae Se-jin here again.

“hello.”

“…yes. hello.”

You still don’t look good.

I asked him directly.

“I practiced but there was something that bothered me. “Coach told me before ‘Just do it.’”

“…”

“Are you saying that because there was no answer even if you practiced more?”

“…What? “I don’t mean that.”

Bae Se-jin frowned.

“I heard you’ve never studied acting.”

“yes.”

“Then it’s better to not be conscious of it and just do it like we did then. “Because there are no lines.”

“…”

“So just do it.”

It was similar to the advice I gave to Keun Se-jin when I was making a game for an album.

I realized this guy’s intention.

‘I was trying to give accurate advice.’

However it was also typical of Bae Se-jin that it sounded like he was arguing against his intentions.

“yes. thank you.”

“…no. “I’m doing it for money.”

It’s really consistent.

Instead of being annoyed I shrugged my shoulders and walked away feeling a little nostalgic.

Well that’s good. Then let’s do it in moderation.

“I’m going in there now~”

“yes.”

I stepped on the sandy beach.

‘You need to get the OK quickly.’

Distrusting my physical strength.

however.

[A genius actor who is focused gives you his blessings!]

[Attribute\: Concentration]

“…??”

That moment.

Suddenly my whole body started to feel lighter.

* * *

walk on the beach

My body moved naturally without being conscious of anything.

There is a bouquet of flowers in her hands.

Since a bouquet of flowers is a somewhat unusual object it is more natural not to be too conscious of it. Let it just shake in your hand.

“after.”

I could see the sea beyond my sighing breath.

Sigh-

The sun was setting.

“…”

I stopped.

I don’t know what story this person had for coming to the beach.

‘doesn’t care.’

So just act clearly according to the instructions.

Naturally.

I lightly threw the bouquet into the sea water.

Tuk.

As I concentrated the bouquet fell to the beach drawing a nice parabola.

I gently braced myself.

Then rest for a beat and do it again.

Tuk…

Gently kick the wave with your foot.

There is no indication that you are angry.

So like touching it. A little cautiously.

“…”

And after taking a step I turn around conscious that I am standing facing the sun.

Head towards the memorized camera position without shaking.

Swish.

Just once.

Only when your eyes make contact with the camera. It gives vitality.

Just like it did on stage.

“…”

I realized that I had completed the entire process perfectly and without a hitch as planned.

Although he didn’t throw everything out loud Gyeolgyeol focused.

‘Is it something like this?’

I quietly looked at the camera without blinking.

The world of conscious concentration.

Although it may only be a scratch I felt like I knew what Bae Se-jin fell in love with when it came to acting.

and.

“Cut! “It goes on like this.”

The outside of the camera started moving again.

The cut ended with a lot of noise.

“thank you.”

I bowed my head and then got out of front of the camera.

“Are you okay?”

“The take was better than I expected…”

Beyond the staff’s chatter Coach Bae Se-jin was looking this way with his eyes slightly wide.

And maybe another Bae Se-jin.

[The concentrating genius actor declares that this is good enough!]

[A genius actor who is focused has sponsored you! \: Energy +]

My body gains strength and my headache gradually subsides.

‘ah.’

No matter how much I think about it I think it’s the guys in real life who are sending this message.

Coach Besejin spoke up.

“…how.”

I smiled faintly.

“Thank you for being a good coach.”

It was the truth without a single lie.

* * *

Meanwhile JSA.

“Wow!”

“Let’s go like this!”

“Who will do everything next…?”

Celebrating the successful outcome a formal plan was quickly established.

‘We need to recover quickly and bring him back!’

Also known as Raising Park Moon-dae.
