---
title: "Chapter 552"
category: "book"
index: 551
section: "Chapter 552"
slug: "552"
---

# Chapter 552

“Recover energy! “This is what we did for you right?”

Bae Se-jin pointed at the hologram screen.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁvㅁ)\: Chatting with the acting coach.]

On the screen Dot Park Mun-dae which looked old and tired was still moving but it seemed to be in better condition than before.

The energy actually displayed was no longer a thin simple scale that barely contained a single dot. It was a little thicker!

Even though it was a red color that seemed to signal danger it was still an achievement. Big Moon also shouted excitedly.

“yes! “Transmitting energy using characteristics is definitely a success!”

“Good!”

People repeated the formula.

When the relevant timing comes for Park Moon-dae to use their characteristics they can grant blessings at that time!

Then energy could be given as a reward.

[Additional energy unlocked!]

In addition thanks to Park Moon-dae’s increased energy bars additional access is now possible!

“Now there are two people!”

“okay.”

“Good good.”

“If we take turns like this and have them use their characteristics once… hmm?”

However the environment of Park Moon-dae who thought he had become an actor changed again.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅅㅠ)\: Making donuts.]

Park Moon-dae was now working hard at making dough in a shabby shop.

“…sinker?”

“Hmm it seems like a part-time job.”

Sejin Lee frowned and looked at the screen.

Park Moon-dae was having a hard time frying donuts in a fast-paced screen as if he had been assigned to it.

“…Can’t you help me with this?”

“I know.”

Liu Chengwu muttered.

“I think my efficiency has dropped too much because of my physical strength…”

efficiency.

At that moment everyone’s eyes were focused on one place.

To the man who can make golden ratio hotteok with just his fingers without measuring.

“…??”

Raebin Kim looked around in embarrassment!

“Rae Ravine.”

“okay. “That’s it.”

After chatting loudly the people gathered changed their positions.

and.

[&lt;‘Late Night Maestro (★★★★★)’ has entered the channel.&gt;]

[The late night maestro blesses you!]

[Characteristic\: Increased creation speed]

And on the screen Park Moon-dae started making donuts at a much faster speed!

“Oh!”

Raebin Kim looked down at the screen with a flushed expression.

There was not a single trace of regret that he had used his extreme artistic ability to come up with beautiful musical ideas in an instant to make donuts.

‘That’s also your charm!’

Geoldal finally lowered his nervousness level a bit and adjusted the pop-up with overwhelmed eyes.

[The late-night maestro is satisfied.]

[Late Night Maestro has sponsored you! \: Energy +]

Raebin Kim raised his head with a bright face.

“I think it went well!”

“Ugh!”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled as she looked at Park Moon-dae’s slightly longer energy bar which had now turned scarlet.

Even for a while.

“But why is the College of Arts working in a place like this?”

“yes?”

Liu Chengwu muttered as if he were puzzled.

“If it’s the Geonwoo hyung I know… I could tutor him.”

Or you can sell data.

Either way I feel more comfortable than this so why am I doing this?

“wait a minute.”

After many twists and turns Keundal succeeded in receiving backstory information.

[Park Moon-dae made an emergency landing in the United States! As an illegal alien without a passport or identity he is struggling to make a living by working part-time…

What is his fate?]

“…”

“…”

“Can’t you help me win the lottery or something?”

“please.”

[hey! You can’t see me but if it’s a game about raising that daughter isn’t money copying the national rule?]

“No…”

[Ahhh.]

It was a sight to behold.

Cheongryeo twitched the corners of her mouth.

* * *

[A genius actor who is focused recommends a gambling place!]

Why are they like this?

I continued frying the donuts without any hesitation.

That’s right. I am currently working part-time. And this kind of labor was more bearable than before.

Surprisingly my physical condition has improved somewhat.

Before I felt like I was dizzy as if I had run an all-night marathon but now my body aches and I feel like I’m enjoying it.

My experience is that you can roughly survive with just your mental strength.

‘And maybe it’s because of this.’

[The genius actor who is concentrating is in agony…]

[A genius actor who is focused wants support.]

I looked at the chat pop-up with a puzzled face.

From the moment I received energy through this sponsorship my physical strength increased.

‘How on earth did you do it?’

Thank you but I would like to ask where you got it. Although I have a feeling that the source of all this communication is the big moon.

‘I hope you’re not doing anything dangerous.’

If you overdo it you end up like me.

I verbally warned them to be careful a few times but it doesn’t seem to be of much use as the pop-up keeps doing that on its own.

[Two cherry donuts!]

[yep.]

I immediately responded to the owner’s request and packed the donuts.

For your information the working environment here is not very good. They go so far as to hire people without even checking if they are illegal aliens… Well it’s a shame.

I guess I’ll have to threaten to report them to the immigration office and stop them if my money is stolen.

“after.”

Packaging completed.

I returned to the donut production line and coated the fried donuts with chocolate.

Considering my tired body my speed was surprisingly good and this was also thanks to the blessings… I received from this chat pop-up.

‘Was it an increase in creation speed?’

Then it was obvious.

The ‘Late Night Maestro’ who gave this to me is probably Raebin Kim.

‘I’m going to waste the crazy morale trait that increases composition speed on flipping donuts like this… ’

It was too comfortable to say…

‘shit.’

I started making donuts like I was possessed.

Each piece fits together exactly and feels like it’s assembling a puzzle!

[The late-night maestro feels rewarded.]

thanks. Damn it.

I held back a sigh as my stamina recovered again.

I don’t know if you’re listening to me and I’m laughing because of the physical protection and all but…

‘…Being there is what’s important.’

It’s embarrassing to admit but I felt mentally energized.

Because I see the possibility of escaping this damn situation.

I kept moving my hands.

After finishing the work by arranging the donuts in the display case I took a short break.

If you report it quickly you will only end up with less work.

“Phew.”

That was the moment I stepped across the counter.

The smartphone in my pocket vibrated.

Jiiiing!

It was a text message.

From LeTi.

[Geonwoo how have you been?*^^* The music video teaser has been released!]

“…”

already?

* * *

Cheongryeo looked at Link without any emotion.

What is connected is a common breakup song.

-Now I know

A small whisper and a careful touch

It was love

A song sung in a lonely heartbreaking way about things you didn’t know when you broke up.

The lyrics about regret and how much I wish I had looked back at that time stimulated people’s common emotions.

So it was a good song to assign to a female soloist aiming for popularity rather than fandom.

‘It’s like that every time.’

Cheongryeo looked down at the smartphone screen diagonally.

This is a single album that is almost always released around this time.

And this request was also received with a 50/50 chance.

“You’re an affiliate? “Just share it on social media.”

“yes.”

There was no risk in uploading a solo ballad female singer in her 40s even a married one to SNS.

The same thing happened when one of the members got into a major accident due to dating rumors.

It has already been a month since the SNS upload cycle was restored. Anyone who sees this will think it was a request from the agency.

Additionally this song doesn’t have enough buzz to create any variables.

‘It’s just a matter of respect.’

After playing in the top 30 it disappears.

After evaluating calmly Cheongryeo briefly went to the music site to capture streaming.

And he raised his eyebrows slightly.

-29. Bad night (New!)

The ranking of the music source increased very slightly.

‘hmm.’

Cheongnyeo put her hand on her chin.

The probability that this level of increase was just a passing coincidence was overwhelmingly high.

A slight change that is nothing more than an exchange of waves as completely unrelated factors are woven together like a spider’s web only in this restart.

It’s a trace that will probably disappear if you start over.

however…

‘There’s nothing to lose by finding out the cause.’

The sound source is always something he cares about.

He lightly turned the pages and started climbing the spider web backwards.

It was then.

[What are you doing?]

Help popped out in just one day. Cheongryeo responded in a slightly cheerful mood.

“analyze.”

The help didn’t answer for a moment but then he answered in a slightly docile tone.

[I think it’s okay. The atmosphere has calmed down a lot.]

“…”

Cheongryeo thought.

It seems that Help misunderstood his answer as ‘analysis’ and was talking about VTIC’s current reputation.

Coincidentally SNS posts related to VTIC were passing by on his smartphone screen.

[Still I wish that guy would make a comeback without at least making an excuse due to health issues. That guy who started the dating rumor.]

That’s right.

Cheongryeo glanced at the ‘guy who started the dating rumor’ and answered casually.

“We’ll have to exclude it next time.”

After restarting.

Help didn’t respond for a moment perhaps because he understood what was being said. But now it doesn’t even stop me from restarting.

I just asked this.

[Then which of the current members will remain?]

“well.”

Despite the ambiguous answer the help responded indifferently.

[Jin Chae-yul must have perfect attendance.]

There are quite a few guesses.

Cheongryeo smiled faintly.

“Because it’s appropriate.”

[He has good abilities good personality and a decent personality but he has a strong mentality so he can do the same in most situations.]

Cheongryeo did not deny it and just smiled.

“okay. There is no need to create a special environment so that people can do their part. That’s the most useful thing.”

It sounded like he was explaining something like ‘a flower that is easy to grow and sturdy’.

Although Park Moon-dae was thinking in awe he realized that Cheongnyeo was lowering the hurdle slightly and offering help.

First of all unlike the first time aren’t you giving yourself an explanation?

‘Anyway there’s nothing good about being eaten up by the system bastards.’

Now that I’m in my right mind the conversation tends to go better doesn’t it?

Park Moon-dae even asked him outright.

[I’m going to have to restart anyway so do you want to try something risky now?]

Cheongryeo simply answered with his eyes down on the screen.

“I don’t have any.”

The time for obtaining ‘unexpected’ information through such actions had already passed during the initial restart.

Now in order to obtain reliable information the control variable ‘Cheongryeo behaves like Cheongryeo’ had to be maintained.

It was actually better for Park Moon-dae.

‘I will release my next album properly.’

It seemed like he had no intention of making a fuss about this saying it was a complete throwaway game.

Satisfied with having gained time to access the terminal Park Moon-dae attempted to go deeper into the system to search for the road terminal.

Then suddenly I realized\:

‘…I see.’

Cheongryeo planned to maintain the stance of ‘doing our best to win the grand prize’ here as well.

To put it another way VTIC’s junior male idols will not be able to appear here either.

As always.

[…okay.]

Park Moon-dae thought for a moment.

A guy who became almost confident about his debut after meeting him.

-I will contact you regularly.

This is the main unit here that has now returned to Korea.

You may not know that LeTi’s next boy group is already done.

‘…’

Park Mun-dae’s mouth was a bit bitter.

Meanwhile Cheongryeo had discovered the reason why the music rankings had risen.

“This is it.”

Random comments passed by on the screen.

-I came to see my future husband again.

-You seem to be a new actor but the atmosphere is really nice^^

‘…??’

Park Moon-dae almost rubbed his missing eyes.

What Cheongryeo was watching… was the music video teaser.

himself appeared.

‘crazy.’

-…

A man standing on the beach was seen turning his head with a sad expression.

The combination of the strange atmosphere and the exquisite camera angle and backlighting made it strangely attractive.

-This person is from Leti!

There’s no need to go viral but it seemed to have a small positive effect on the music rankings as word got out in the community.

‘This is the cause.’

It was a unique feature that was new only in this restart. Nothing special though.

Cheongnyeo opened her mouth as an extension of small talk.

“This is my first time seeing this workforce.”

[…]

“Well he’s from our company.”

Cheongryeo analyzed quickly.

Judging by the fact that he did not fall into the idol line he is in his mid to late 20s or older.

Irregularly scouted talent had almost no training period.

‘then… ’

Assuming it was a few years ago does it have utility as a resource?

The more options available the safer it was. Although the probability was slim it was a moment when I was thinking about collecting information again.

Help popped out.

[I look too old to be in your group.]

[Anyway I’m going now.]

After leaving this message the pop-up stopped.

“Help?”

Just as he had said he would do as he pleased he did not respond.

But Cheongryeo knew that it had not disappeared. Because the bright red error deletion window still remained.

“under.”

He chuckled and took his hand off the smartphone.

It didn’t matter if I didn’t control Help’s behavior.

Unless you are looking at a new person’s profile there is no loss or gain whether there is help or not which is just text anyway.

Moreover if you see that it comes back even if you delete it it will probably still be there on the next restart.

‘Then it becomes a constant rather than a variable.’

Something that is always there without change.

‘hmm.’

Cheongli vaguely thought that wouldn’t be a bad idea.

* * *

I thought.

Is this the characteristic of 10 million child actors?

-The response to the music video teaser is really great Geonwoo!

LeTi keeps contacting me.

At this stage once the public response is at least noticeable the officials exaggerate and say ‘It’s really good’ but that’s the way it is.

The attitude also became very proactive.

-You have two weeks left on your trip to America right? I’d like to pick you up at our airport. What’s the flight number?

‘X done.’

I pressed my eyes.

I tried to put it off by coming up with a good excuse.

‘Should I say my leg is broken?’

No then I think I will come out to meet you very personally.

This is all a side effect of the overly well-chosen video.

When I remembered the ending where I was arrested for entering the country illegally because I didn’t have a passport I felt like my eyes were going to twitch.

D-14 until entry.

And there is no way… there is no way!

* * *

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ_ㅁ;)\: Finding a way to enter the country…]

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ_ㅠ;)\: Frustrated!]

Dot Park Moon-dae collapsed in his seat in the hologram pop-up.

“oh my god.”

“…How to come to Korea without a passport?”

And surprisingly after a while.

“all right!”

The members of the &lt;Raising Park Moon-dae&gt; operation team found a solution!
