---
title: "Chapter 553"
category: "book"
index: 552
section: "Chapter 553"
slug: "553"
---

# Chapter 553

Park Mun-dae was sprawled out in a somewhat disorganized studio apartment.

The information-seeking identity I had created – an aspiring actor – was scheduled to be dismantled in the air as I was unable to enter the country so I was planning to quickly come to my senses and come up with a plan.

‘Damn it.’

It was when he let out a light curse.

The pop-up has changed.

[The genius actor who is concentrating has left the channel.]

“…??”

Park Moon-dae immediately stood up.

‘…Exit?’

A slight sense of ominous emptiness passed through my mind.

But just before he rolled his head.

Soft sentences took their place.

[A dancer with a noble attitude has entered the channel.]

A dancer with integrity.

There was only one member that the modifier and noun pointed to.

“…Seon Ah-hyeon?”

As if answering the question the pop-up blinked and presented another sentence.

[A dancer with a noble mindset wants to move your position.]

“…!”

* * *

JSA a few minutes before Sun Ah-hyun’s pop-up appeared on Park Moon-dae.

“First of all no crime.”

Liu Chengwu calmly opened his mouth.

“Even though this may seem like a game to us what Mundae goes through is reality.”

“sure.”

“of course.”

Everyone nodded. Even though it was a virtual world and money copying and all I didn’t want Park Moon-dae to get arrested.

Kwon Hee-seung also actively participated.

[I just searched for police report? How about this? I guess they said their passport was stolen in the U.S. and entered the country!]

however.

“It’s impossible. “You probably have no record of entering the United States in the first place.”

A cold voice interrupted the conversation.

Cheongryeo scanned the people with cold eyes.

“You should know that all the ideas that this person can come up with logically can also be thought of by our juniors.”

“Are you saying that realistically there is no way?”

Cheongnyeo answered Ryu Cheong-wu’s calm question with an expressionless expression.

“I never had time for something like this in the first place.”

“…!”

Park Moon-dae’s day passes in 1 to 2 minutes.

And it’s an unprecedented situation where you don’t know how much time you have left and other people don’t recognize Park Moon-dae.

Cheongryeo’s conclusion is as follows.

We should immediately invest energy into Park Moon-dae and look for an opportunity to recover and bring him back. It would be foolish to respond to each of Park Moon-dae’s doctors.

Like these.

“In this situation does it really matter what your junior wants to do over there or not?”

[…]

“I think it’s right to only think about recovering your stamina and not doing unnecessary things.”

Haha you have a talent for saying the right thing in a cruel way senior!

Kwon Hee-seung swallowed those words and felt like shedding tears. Aren’t we going to fight again?

But the situation did not get worse.

“yep. I understand what you mean. “It’s logical.”

Sejin Lee opened her mouth.

Instead of getting angry he shrugged.

“Of course it’s urgent so of course we have to move efficiently.”

After the situation passed a critical juncture and his nervousness subsided he took the same position as before.

Team coordination.

“But actually you don’t know what exactly the university is going through right? We don’t know but entering the country may be a pressing problem for Moon University right now.”

Sejin Lee laughed bitterly.

“So… let’s not act like we know everything out there.”

“…”

The atmosphere calmed down a bit.

“OK. We don’t have time for this. Now everyone stop fighting with words and use your brains. “Right?”

Everyone nodded silently at Cha Yu-jin’s words.

And then Keoldal quietly raised his hand.

“In that sense… I just happened to think of a method that applies to both of what you said.”

“…!”

“Uh what method is it…?”

Big Moon swallowed his saliva.

“I am ‘pulling’ my brother to Korea.”

“…??”

The purpose of trying to restore Park Moon-dae’s stamina in the first place was to make Park Moon-dae able to withstand when Geundae attempted to bring Park Moon-dae back to reality.

If you’re going to jump off a moving train with your bare body shouldn’t you at least be able to move your limbs?

So to put it another way Keudal was able to move Park Mun-dae.

‘As much as my brother’s physical strength allows!’

Very slightly.

Just enough to be spatially close to current reality.

“It also has the meaning of giving it a bit of a practice feel before my brother fully regains his stamina.”

“Before you bring me back to reality?”

“Of course.”

Big Moon nodded seriously. Each listener slowly began to understand this abstract concept in a positive sense.

Like ‘…but then wouldn’t that mean I won’t be accepted into Park Moon University’s JSA?’ ‘I don’t think I can pull it that accurately in this situation… sigh.’ After the same discussion.

A conclusion has been reached.

Let’s pull Park Mun-dae!

“It was an attempt that I had to check out.”

“Ugh.”

People nodded and quickly came to a conclusion almost unanimously.

“Then I guess I’ll have to deliver this to Park Moon-dae now.”

“That’s right. “You have to prepare your mind so you don’t feel anxious or misunderstood!”

However the article that appeared here on the channel where I could at least communicate with Park Moon-dae was a mixed bag.

Sometimes it was really the person’s feelings but sometimes people were chatting wildly with each other and asking questions would pop up on the channel.

“You have to go through all that and communicate your intentions properly.”

If you are the most calm clear-thinking person and worthy of Park Moon-dae’s trust…

“…It must be Ahyeon right?”

“okay.”

With everyone agreeing they connected Sun Ah-hyun to the channel.

[Park Moon-dae (*ㅁ◇ㅁ*)\: Finding out your identity!]

“I like it.”

“I knew it would be like this.”

And Sun Ah-hyun calmly organized her thoughts and tried to convey one clear message.

I want to help.

‘We want to move you.’

Let’s go to Korea so you won’t be in trouble.

Furthermore in the end… back to reality.

“…”

And that attempt.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅅㅁ)\: Waiting for your idea…]

It worked!

“Okay. Do it now!”

“Yes yes.”

Big Moon took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

And again I felt a hand reaching out beyond the passage that used Cheongryeo as a medium.

The one who reached the end was Park Mun-dae.

‘Carefully… ’

Big Moon concentrated his mind. So just slightly.

moved.

[—–]

At that moment Dot Park Moon-dae’s screen turned off.

“…!!”

“Let’s wait a moment.”

Ryu Cheong-woo calmed down the members.

Geoldal was sweating coldly and trying hard to maintain contact with Park Moon-dae…

After a few tens of seconds.

When the screen is reconnected.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅇㅁ)\: Surprised by the changed environment!]

“That’s it!”

Moon-Dae Park was in Korea!

[Oooh! Was it successful??]

“yes!!”

A feeling of relief filled the space as if the rocket had been successfully test-launched.

Liu Chengwu smiled slightly and looked around.

A little longer for Cheongnyeo.

“We will continue to have sufficient conversations like this. “Work will proceed safely only if there are diverse perspectives.”

“…”

“And… I almost didn’t know about this whole situation so thank you for contacting me.”

Cheongryeo didn’t seem to feel any emotion but didn’t refute it anyway.

Liu Chengwu realized that he had at least succeeded in creating a cooperative foundation.

‘Whoa.’

He pressed his hand.

Ryu Cheong-woo was the leader of the steer who had to carry out all sorts of tasks.

It also meant that I was accustomed to working with people with unique temperaments.

‘I can’t believe this helps.’

Liu Chengwu could not bear to laugh but he felt a strange sense of efficacy.

“Let’s quickly recover Mundae’s stamina like this.”

“yep!”

* * *

I closed my eyes and opened them.

The squeezing pain only lasted for a moment.

Rather I briefly felt the pleasure of ‘everything going back to the right place’ when rewinding the tape to its original state.

Although it was cut off as if it were a taste.

‘I’m doing something.’

This is probably what Sun Ah-hyun was trying to say.

I calmly shook my head from the strange dizziness.

And when I regained my sight…

“…oh my god.”

I came to my senses on the side of the road somewhere in Gangbuk Seoul.

‘I can’t believe this happened.’

[The dancer with a noble attitude rejoices.]

I took a deep breath.

“…thanks.”

I muttered something meaningless towards the pop-up and then took my steps.

My head was busy.

‘I should try using public Wi-Fi first.’

To contact the only person here who knows my situation.

After a while.

“oh my god.”

Ju Dan also shouted this as soon as he saw me at the franchise cafe.

And after hearing the explanation I muttered\:

“Space movement… Even in science fiction scientific proof is a part that is roughly glossed over. “I never thought I would actually witness it.”

Is that so? I never dreamed that someone would actually say something like this.

In any case it was quite beneficial for Judan to have deeper trust in my proven ‘supernatural side’.

We could receive more active cooperation.

“So are you planning to continue working as an actor here and gathering information?”

I raised my head and glanced at the pop-up.

[A dancer with a noble attitude would like to be sponsored.]

[A dancer with a noble attitude wishes to bestow blessings.]

“…okay.”

Now let’s think about it.

These guys keep wanting to give me sponsorship.

‘And I think that support can only be given if I successfully use the protection they give me.’

Also it seemed that protection could only be given in situations where it would be useful.

For example as an actor I received Bae Se-jin’s blessings when filming… or Kim Rae-bin’s blessings when making donuts.

‘In other words I have to create an appropriate situation.’

The more I work the more opportunities I have to receive this energy support and the more I can recover.

And I’m getting closer to the reason why those guys keep trying to give me energy.

‘good.’

I immediately contacted LeTi.

‘The schedule changed so I entered the country quickly.’

And I received a sword.

-It went better ㅠㅠ I was already worried because the schedule was tight but now I can proceed more leisurely!

What kind of schedule is this?

-Geonwoo’s profile photo shoot~^^

“…”

-I immediately checked to see if there were any cancellations for tomorrow at the studio but somehow there was one. Is your schedule okay?

-Where are you staying now? We’re trying to send a car~

“You can stay in my studio for about a month. “I got this place because I felt uncomfortable living there.”

“thanks.”

I decided that when I returned to reality I would go see Ju Dan.

And at dawn the next day.

“hmm. “I don’t have time so I’ll proceed right away.”

I stood in front of the camera after some guidance and coordination from the somewhat blunt studio staff.

“yes. “Look here.”

Being caught on camera. This was a task that Testa Parkmundae performed almost on a daily basis.

But there are some differences.

“A little more neatly~ but with an atmosphere!”

While I am being bombarded with ambiguous spells my face and body performing them are not at all familiar.

Almost all of my photo shoot experience was done with Park Moon-dae’s body.

‘This is how it happens.’

At least in the system virtual world Park Moon-dae’s appearance was still young but now even his skeleton is completely different.

I’m not sure how to make it look good.

So I muttered to myself.

‘It’s very difficult.’

Isn’t it really mentally difficult to struggle with something you’re already familiar with?

I’m in so much trouble that I wish someone could help me.

‘Anyway that’s really true.’

The moment I recite it like that.

[Supermassive Black Hole(★★★★★) has joined the channel.]

Without even realizing anything.

[Supermassive Black Hole whistles.]

[Supermassive Black Hole blesses you!]

[Characteristic\: Immersion]

Everything happened in an instant.

* * *

Do you know that there is a gap between imagination and reality?

Everyone has a plausible idea but when you actually try it it ends up being different from what you thought.

Well this is something I experienced very keenly when I first learned how to dance while participating in &lt;Azusa&gt;.

‘No matter how much I think about it my body moves on its own.’

It’s normal.

Normally people have to put time and effort into controlling their movements and expressions and making them as close to their imagination as possible but…

“Just one more shot!”

Some people don’t need that.

I slowly aligned my head with the camera keeping all the muscles in my face in the correct shape.

Just as you want.

‘i get it.’

There was nothing in my head.

There is no need for calculations exploration or practice.

Naturally imagination becomes reality.

Just like breathing walking and talking.

“Now make stronger eye contact with the camera!”

The meaning of abstract instructions bursts out of the mind and is expressed throughout the body.

All impacts can be implemented and are already known.

How do I make people like it?

How to look attractive.

and.

“Oh good! “Just one more time!”

How can we keep their immersion?

This was the realm of instinct.

‘There’s someone who lives like this?’

Such talent that it’s hard to believe that someone could live a life like this.

And in the end the person holding the camera says this with sparkling eyes.

“It came out really really well.”

“…”

“I like it so much.”

That was Cha Yu-jin.

[Supermassive Black Hole rejoices!]

[Supermassive Black Hole sponsored you! \: Energy +]

Vitality returned as if the blood flow was flowing in my head.

Power and control arise in every limb.

‘oh my god.’

I took a deep breath.

“Thank you for your hard work.”

The black hole was really a black hole.

…but. If things continued like this by the time these guys’ protection procession was over I was worried that Ryu Geon-woo would become like a new actor who appeared like a comet.

However after the profile shooting is over.

I worry about more urgent matters first.

I immediately regretted not leaving this filming location.

First of all… do you know who the guys waiting to take their profile photos at this studio after me are?

It was an idol debut group from a famous agency. Although the agency soon goes out of business due to being sued by its singer.

But who belonged here?

“Ooh! [You’re really talented!]”

“Cha Yujin!”

They were teenagers Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin.

Around this time I heard they were part of that agency’s debut group and it looks like they came to take a profile cut.

…I’ll tell you something even more surprising here.

Same time. There is a celebrity who appeared by saying ‘I happened to be nearby so I stopped by to give coffee to the employees of our company.’

“What in the world is happening!”

“hello.”

Cheongryeo.

“Oh is this person also from the company?”

I had a hunch when I saw the guy smiling and holding out his hand to me.

‘You came here to check on this guy on purpose.’

He took the time to come see Ryu Geon-woo and evaluate his abilities.

In other words the front is clear.

Behind them are Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin.

…and the main dan that will arrive here soon.

-Help.

-Launch Ryu Geon-woo’s profile.

Cheongnyeo is even calling me as a helper in her head.

‘My head is going to explode.’

[Midnight Maestro is shocked!]

I agree.
