---
title: "Chapter 554"
category: "book"
index: 553
section: "Chapter 554"
slug: "554"
---

# Chapter 554

A cold voice flooded my mind.

It is the sound of Cheongryeo calling for help.

-profile.

-Don’t miss the timing.

At the same time the real Cheongryeo in front of me smiled slightly embarrassedly holding out coffee. I got goosebumps.

“Well I guess you don’t like coffee. “Maybe I brought it wrong?”

“no.”

This bastard is trying to bury someone who never even debuted.

In the first place I didn’t have any dreams of debuting as an actor but I almost lost my teeth when I saw this bastard’s intentions.

I politely extended my hand and took the coffee.

“I was nervous to meet a famous person so unexpectedly. “Thank you so much for the coffee.”

“It’s just a drink. I’m grateful for the excessive praise… but I’m also embarrassed. haha.”

Cheongnyeo spoke softly with a hint of wit.

“I think you are older than me. Please speak comfortably.”

-Help.

There is no such thing as a dual personality. Fuck you.

Jiying-

Meanwhile the smartphone on my chair also vibrated. It seemed that Joo Dan was also contacting me because he was curious about whether the filming was over.

Moreover Kim Rae-bin is still glancing in this direction from 2 meters away in the hallway.

He is trying to stop Cha Yu-jin who rushed at him but now that VTIC has appeared he seems to be torn over whether to talk to him or not.

Come to think of it didn’t that guy sing a song at the beginning of his debut saying he wanted to know VTIC’s composition method…?

“Geonwoo?”

-profile.

‘for a moment.’

I feel like my eyeballs are rolling. I’ll be amazed.

I resisted the urge to press my eyebrows.

And although I recovered somewhat my body was still like wet cotton and I tried to use my brain as much as possible. This means that as usual we tried to come up with an optimized answer by making intensive calculations.

But there was no need for that.

The moment I raise my eyes to the updated pop-up.

Someone new has appeared through words.

[Silent List Shooter (★★★★★) has entered the channel.]

Quickly concisely and kindly.

[The silent list shooter wants to teach you his methods.]

[The silent list of shooters bless you!]

[Attribute\: Composure]

And everything started to feel comfortable.

* * *

– Excited.

The heart rate relaxes gently.

-Excited…

Now the world is quiet.

i get it. The more information there is the more variables there are and variables create confusion.

And confusion is noise.

I realized that I had been living in noise.

-Excited…

But if you know the order.

If you can put everything in the right place the place can be quiet without a single splatter.

And now I am experiencing a world of silence.

‘Everything has its place.’

Work priorities are already sorted in your head.

first.

-There is no reason to necessarily talk to Yujin Cha and Raebin Kim.

Let go.

I was just curious about how these guys from the past were doing.

…I was glad to see you too.

So I thought we should talk because I wanted to talk.

But it’s not really necessary.

like this.

“ah.”

“Cool.”

It doesn’t matter if I just smile moderately and say hello.

If you really want to talk the opportunity will come again.

I saw young Raebin Kim nodding his head at me repeatedly and chasing after their staff dragging Cha Yujin with him.

Cha Yu-jin waved her hand until the end.

“Seeya!”

And next sort.

Casting and cutting.

-Joo Dan is not present.

Messages can be responded to over time so this is not something to consider. Let’s get back to you in a moment.

After sorting is completed so quickly.

Before you know it only simple elements remain in the world.

-Cheer and help.

Let’s send this to the appropriate location as well.

Again the fundamental sentence establishes a baseline in your mind.

-The reason why I don’t reveal that I am Cheongryeo’s help.

Preempting information that he doesn’t know is a loss for me.

I am already accustomed to knowing and using more information than my opponent. Because I used it well and survived.

But if you put aside your familiarity… you will find that the correct location has changed.

-There is no need to leave room for Cheongnyeo to be hostile toward me.

It would be better to disclose it when the timing is right rather than having to worry about variables later on due to an unexpected situation revealing my identity as an actor and deleting the help.

okay. This was the right location.

– Excited.

The heart sound that used to sound like white noise is still stable.

That’s how I make accurate judgments.

“You don’t need to see my profile.”

“…yes? “What are you saying?”

“Because I can tell you directly.”

I observed the guy.

Cheongryeo’s expression did not change. But I noticed that the guy calling for help had disappeared.

The staff is keeping an eye on this area but due to the noisy environment sound will not be transmitted.

therefore…

[it’s me.]

I smiled and calmly opened my mouth.

“Your help is mine.”

The expression disappeared from Cheongryeo’s face.

It was a hit.

* * *

Cheongryeo did not immediately leave the room with a straight face or delete the help.

Instead he gently made a plausible excuse to the people around him and moved into the car.

And the conversation began.

“I need to hear an explanation.”

It wasn’t surprising.

‘This guy is probably trying to figure it out because it’s something he didn’t expect.’

I also didn’t bother to hide it from him and calmly explained what happened after I deleted the day he was helping me.

From the sudden body and confusion to receiving an acting job from LeTi.

[The silent shooter looks at you happily.]

The composure that seemed to elevate a person to a completely different level disappeared like an ebb at that moment. Hmm a bit disappointing.

But power took its place.

[The Shooter of the Silent List has sponsored you! \: Energy +]

‘This is it.’

Now there is no pain that causes swearing.

The feeling of heavy fatigue still remains but my brain is spinning as if it has been injected with sap.

‘This is me.’

I comfortably focused on the conversation with my head bleeding.

“Actually it’s true that I didn’t tell you at first because I was angry but I thought it would be better to tell you since we had just met like this.”

“…”

“what. “I was wondering what kind of suspicion I would get if I told you that I suddenly got a body after you deleted it.”

Cheongryeo sat silently on the chair and rested her chin on one hand.

And after a while.

An unexpected question came up.

“Why do you want to become an actor?”

I shrugged.

“It wasn’t a specific goal. “Someone at your company just gave me a business card.”

“…”

“Since I have no money and no status I have to find a way to live like a human being.”

“You would have needed your identity when signing with the agency.”

“I am borrowing my identity from the past. “He’s a bit young though.”

I frowned.

“There won’t be any problem. “This state is temporary anyway so I don’t know when it will end.”

Now that I have a profile I will have to persuade my agency to come up with a stage name.

In the first place.

“This is probably a side effect of you deleting help. “It won’t last long.”

“…”

And I ended my explanation by showing the profile of Ryu Geon-woo who is currently attending college.

Anyone who sees it will be able to clearly see that that guy is a younger version of me.

‘It’s easier to prove.’

It is better to have physical evidence than to provide help.

Besides even if Cheongnyeo found out about Ryu Geon-woo what would a mere data arm do to him?

I declared neatly.

“This explains everything I know.”

Betting is over.

Cheongryeo was silent for a moment with her arms crossed.

I kept a close eye on him.

This is because if this guy suddenly tries to click ‘Yes’ on the help deletion pop-up again you will have to hit him right in the face with your fist.

‘And resume the conversation peacefully.’

Of course that didn’t happen.

Although he said something completely different from what I expected.

“I guess I should use a stage name.”

“…?”

What is this guy saying now?

“If I want to continue being an actor I will have to steal my identity. “If you don’t want to be discovered you should hide your real name as much as possible… Well my agency at this time will probably prefer that image so it’ll be okay.”

“What are you talking about?”

“hmm? Mr. Geonwoo. “I have to succeed as an actor.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“Try well. “I will support you.”

As if doing a favor.

‘Look at this bastard.’

Do you think I’ve experienced this pattern once or twice since my debut?

I realized this guy’s thinking mechanism as if struck by lightning in my head.

gain!

Before restarting this guy tried to scrape up as much information that would be useful in his next life.

then…

“…Would you like to know some information about the industry while I am working as an actor?”

“You understand quickly.”

Cheongryeo slightly tilted his head.

“Get as much detail as possible about the information I require at the scene. Since I don’t have any acquaintances I won’t get caught up in unnecessary gossip during my activities.”

“…”

“hmm. “It might be more useful than help.”

Look at this guy getting ahead on his own.

“Why me?”

Cheongryeo answered my question elegantly.

“It’s a simple barter. “I enrich your life and you give me information.”

hmm.

“And one more thing.”

Cheongryeo smiled and continued speaking.

“I need to get some information so I won’t restart while you do that.”

“…!”

You bet this.

I answered coldly.

“I said it clearly. “It doesn’t matter whether you restart or not.”

Cheongryeo smiled softly.

“I guess it really doesn’t matter.”

“…”

“At least there’s a chance it could be dangerous… you thought so right? “I was just angry enough to ignore it and wanted to express that it was a small enough risk to ignore it.”

Cheongryeo tilted her head to the side.

“But why take that risk? “We can secure time to escape.”

“…”

“Until November of this year. “Unconditionally.”

I opened my mouth.

“What guarantee you won’t change your words again?”

Cheongnyeo laughed.

“I won’t but if something like that happens there’s no harm to you. Isn’t that what you wanted to learn from the beginning? “The information will come to you automatically in the process… and there’s nothing wrong with you if you share it with me.”

“The only thing that changes is that you support my activities?”

“Exactly. And that would definitely be to your advantage.”

“…”

I calculated quickly.

And I eventually admitted it.

That I logically came to the same conclusion as this bastard.

‘It’s a collaboration where no one loses.’

Even though this guy’s way of talking made me feel bad.

‘You’re going to squeeze people as informants but you only have a long tongue.’

It’s the same as talking about a multi-level pyramid guaranteeing high profits. I’m sure they’ll keep going and end up crossing the line and asking for information.

‘Let’s keep in mind that there will be a fight then.’

However it is advantageous for me in that I clearly know this process.

Plus one more thing.

‘In many ways it is easier to maintain a friendly relationship with this guy than to have a needless conflict.’

Haven’t you thought about this since I told you honestly about my identity earlier? Don’t stimulate reset syndrome.

If you look at it as an extension of this stance the pendulum is overwhelmingly tilted.

I raised my head.

“Are you going to work as an actor Geon-woo?”

It’s something I couldn’t have imagined.

Are you coming?

“I took a profile so let’s see.”

I nodded my head coolly.

Cheongryeo twisted the corners of her mouth in satisfaction.

Well that’s good.

“Then I also want to say one thing that won’t cause any harm to Ms. Cheongryeo.”

“hmm?”

“You must ensure food clothing and food.”

Informant welfare.

For now let’s get rid of what has come to this.

“…It’s not difficult.”

Dill.

I shook hands with the guy in the driver’s seat.

After a while.

Rumbling

“company?”

“proprietorship.”

While I was packing my bags in the waiting room I finally found my smartphone on the sofa and checked Judan’s message.

-Emergency! Approaching target.

-Dodging is safe but bold contact may yield unexpected results.

-brother?

-Hmm I guess the situation is over already…

Apparently he was excited when he heard that Cheongryeo was stopping by here and kept trying to contact him.

I didn’t see it but I still tried.

‘He’s a unique guy but he also has a unique side when he does things.’

I typed a reply to Joo Dan.

-Target contact completed.

-Exchanging information.

So it happened.

And after thinking for a bit I smiled and added a message.

-Officetel received in exchange for information.

I know you’ll like this.

As expected the smartphone soon started catching fire.

* * *

At the same time JSA.

“Whoa.”

“Thank you for your hard work…”

A group of able-bodied adults peering into the Dot Park Gate heaved a long sigh of relief.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁvㅁ)\: Rejoicing at his recovered stamina!]

Now Park Mun-dae’s health bar was noticeably longer and yellow.

“We’re halfway there.”

“You mean…?”

“yes.”

Big Moon nodded his eyes shining.

“I think I’ll be able to bring my brother back in just two or three more!”

The destination was just around the corner. Each person nodded with a flushed face.

That moment.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅅ//)\: My life is being planned as an actor…]

“…??”

“What is it again?”

“Hyung Moon are you having a new dream? “Did Bae Se-jin give it to you?”

Amid the speculations Cheongryeo looked closely at the screen.

A means of transportation passed briefly in the background of Park Moon-dae who seemed to be moving away from the filming set.

Inside a tinted car.

‘…’

He recognized the inside at once.

It was inside a vehicle under the name of a company that he often used in the past.

What that meant was clear.

Moon-Dae Park met his past self.

It’s also a state where you’re involved enough to get into the other person’s vehicle.

Cheongryeo narrowed his eyes.
