---
title: "Chapter 555"
category: "book"
index: 554
section: "Chapter 555"
slug: "555"
---

# Chapter 555

“indeed. That’s how it went.”

I looked at Zhou Dan who nodded seriously.

This is this guy’s studio and as soon as I got home I explained to him what had happened so far.

“I never thought I would build such a strange collaboration system with senior Cheongryeo…”

And although this guy pretends to be quite calm he is actually very absorbed. He even forgot to drink the drink he had brought with him and listened with interest.

“But I can also understand Senior Cheongryeo’s position. An information source that can exchange information without leaving any records. “In theory security is perfect.”

“…”

“Of course the willingness to offer officetels may mean testing. “It seems important to maintain the line of being cooperative but not servile for a while.”

Why does it seem like you are analyzing it harder than me?

I looked dumbfounded at the guy who was broadcasting my situation almost like he was broadcasting a soccer game and then laughed.

“okay. “I don’t make stupid choices.”

And held out his hand.

“I was grateful for providing me with a place to sleep. “I’m going to sort it out and move out today.”

“You are really quick. All right.”

As expected from a guy who likes to be alone he quickly nodded.

Yes I have been taking some of a child’s property without conscience.

However just as I was thinking that the guy shook my hand and added something a little awkwardly.

“Even if you don’t have a place to stay we can help you. “If you don’t have a reason to contact me I can’t help it.”

Wow. He is a consistent guy until the end.

“What are you talking about?”

I deliberately responded as if I was puzzled.

“You are involved. “Isn’t it natural for officials to come to the hideout?”

“…!”

“Come when I call you.”

“Of course.”

Pretending not to be excited.

Now that I have money even though I don’t have a job I should call him over and feed him sometimes.

‘Well it won’t be long.’

I was still connected to the center of the system attached to Cheongryeo and was analyzing that strange terminal.

The reason I’m not doing it as quickly and brutally as before is because I’m trying to proceed as steadily as possible.

‘If I get encroached into the system again there is no answer.’

Thanks to the information trade with Cheongryeo I gained time and am now more stable. furthermore…

[The late night maestro wishes you peace of mind and body.]

I don’t know what you’re doing. Thanks to those guys my physical condition is in pretty good shape.

‘Let’s not fret.’

Instead of setting it up like a character in a disaster movie you just have to solve it step by step.

Plus now I know roughly how to communicate through this weird chatting method.

‘It’s real-time but it’s a little off and the expressions are subtle so some interpretation is needed.’

In that sense…

[The Marksman of the Silent List asks you for patience.]

This clearly means to wait a little while.

Considering that these guys did something crazy like fly me from America to Seoul… maybe they found a way to bring me back to reality.

‘It’s pretty good.’

Compared to the days when I was flipping donuts illegally penniless and like a piece of trash isn’t my life quite a bit better?

‘There’s no way to die.’

I chuckled and finished preparing for the move by packing up a few clothes that were nothing to carry.

Even after sending off Ju Dan was bombarded with questions once more.

“It is important to know what kind of performance you show in which film but how do you evaluate your own acting skills? “I understand if you continue to be an actor in the future.”

“…”

Well the member who is an actor is almost always acting for me.

[A concentrating genius actor is watching you.]

thanks.

“I don’t think there’s much to worry about about acting and the film has already been decided.”

“Hoo.”

I already heard this from Cheongryeo.

-There’s a good movie coming out so I’m doing it.

“A minor supporting role in a holiday film invested by LeTi.”

The person who was originally supposed to play this role ended up having a sex scandal later on so it seemed like they were planning to lash out at the agency early on and put me in his place for additional filming.

It certainly looks like they are going to ‘push’.

“That’s appropriate. indeed.”

Ju Dan nodded saying it was a popular standard course.

“Now that I think about it you said you would use a stage name when you debut. How are you going to build it?”

“…”

“How about an anagram method?”

“hmm.”

Sorry but it’s already been decided.

I raised my head.

[A dancer with a noble heart misses you.]

“I will do as Park Mun-do does.”

That’s right.

* * *

[The unsatisfied idol grants you his blessings.]

[Attribute\: Propulsion]

A filming location surrounded by cameras.

I slowly turned my head. Breath leaks out of the mouth.

Do you know such a life?

A life where I am so desperate that I can never be satisfied and so all my thoughts and actions revolve around that goal.

A large and intense ambition that is more overwhelming than the universal desires of humans dominates the body.

It’s okay to feel disconnected from sleeping in being treated unfairly or practicing unfamiliar tasks over and over again.

There is no need to rationalize yourself. There is no calculation to somehow make sense of this pain. My head doesn’t burn from stress.

That kind of thing is for those who can afford it.

It doesn’t matter what the crumbs are. If only the goal shined brightly.

And we call it a dream.

“…”

This must be the life Sejin Lee experiences.

“Cut!”

With the director’s voice I came out of the water.

“Whoop”

It’s easy to control the feeling of wanting to kill this bastard who created a script for people to drown in freezing winter weather.

“great job. “Today is the last day of filming right?”

“yes.”

I wrapped a towel around my body and walked out of the filming set in a quiet atmosphere.

When I openly shouted that I wanted to focus on the life of this unexpected new actor without getting upset as much as possible for the next three weeks blessings came…

The effect was excellent.

Big Sejin’s blessings were persistently attached to me for the longest time.

[The unsatisfied idol smiles bitterly and is relieved.]

[A dissatisfied idol has sponsored you! \: Energy +]

And the stamina that comes back like a reward.

‘Whoa.’

I took a deep breath.

Now my physical condition has stabilized to the level it is right after intense practice.

This means that there is no pain and that the lack of physical strength can be easily hidden.

‘I’m in good condition.’

I shook my head and nodded here and there.

“thank you. Thank you.”

Because you have nothing to say to a cheap bastard.

If you want to extract the information that was agreed upon with Cheongryeo you have to at least pretend to be polite to lay the groundwork.

‘And so far it’s been working.’

I’ve already picked up a few.

-Director’s preferred promotional method.

-The screenwriter’s on-site reputation.

-Habits of the lead actor.

However as you would have guessed by looking at the lineup these are all microscopic questions. From Cheongryeo’s point of view there is a high probability that it is of little use or that he already knows about it.

In other words the established theory is that these things are all being asked as a test and the big thing he’s really aiming for will come separately.

‘How is it possible that Cheongryeo doesn’t have an informant just in the acting field?’

Idols have a strong personality as general entertainers so they were born to appear on entertainment shows and the same goes for actors who have to appear on entertainment shows for promotional purposes.

Even if VTIC does not act there is an intersection.

At the very least there is no way that Cheongnyeo who has so many of her people in LeTi would not know about this news.

‘There must be something else on the inside.’

I brushed my hair off with a towel guessing roughly.

The atmosphere on set was not very good. This is because the original actor was caught in a sexual harassment scandal and additional filming was being done.

The schedule to release it in time for the Lunar New Year holiday was blown so there was talk about when it would be released so it was obvious that morale on site was not very good.

‘Well thanks to that it was convenient that there were more people who couldn’t control their words.’

I who had been added to the unknown was almost neglected.

But now someone appeared from outside the filming location and handed me coffee.

“Oh my you must be cold. “Have some.”

“thank you.”

Of course they are not field staff. How can you treat me so well when I have no name value?

“Are you going home?”

“yes.”

This person is LeTi.

I don’t have a dedicated manager yet but the rookie management team assigned me someone during filming.

And the first thing this employee did today was to pull up a search engine page that came up after searching my stage name.

The profile cut I took last time was right in the space where my face photo would go.

“Geonwoo’s profile has been revealed~”

“…yes.”

“Oh you should call me by my stage name! “It doesn’t stick to my mouth very well.”

And when I saw the employee smiling haha I briefly fell silent. And then I turned my gaze to the search page again.

[Ryumun.]

This is my stage name.

…okay. Park Moon-dae was criticized.

-… Park Moon-dae? Are you serious?

It was dismissed with a short and cold response. Since I didn’t have time I couldn’t even put it on the persuasion table.

‘I did well as an idol under that name.’

Still I was able to persuade him well so he said ‘I’ll talk to the boss’ and it was okay that the word went up to the higher-ups… but this is the result.

-The boss thought a lot about adding at least one word…

…That’s how my stage name was decided to be Ryumun.

‘No matter how you look at it he looks like a Vlog YouTuber with middle school illness.’

Is it true?

But I can’t help it. Isn’t it the fate of those who join an agency to accept a stage name no matter how bad it is?

The good news is that it is Mr. Ryu. You would probably think that Ryu Geon-woo who was working hard to sell data here is a relative of the Poongsan Ryu clan.

‘How did you get caught by a cow walking backwards?’

However as I continued to work diligently as an actor phrases like this began to appear in pop-ups.

[The shooter of the silent list is puzzled.]

[Supermassive Black Hole is curious about your dreams!]

hmm. It seemed like he was puzzled by my route.

[The genius actor who is concentrating gets angry!]

Sometimes it seems like they are fighting among themselves.

‘Calm down.’

Because everyone has thoughts.

I guess everything I go through is being relayed to these guys. The reason I accessed Cheongryeo’s system was because I didn’t seem to know exactly what the situation was.

If I knew all the specifics… well no. In fact it might have caused more of a fuss.

‘Anyway don’t worry.’

I ended the filming like that hoping to convey to them that I was working as safely as possible.

And that evening.

I received a ‘help’ style call from Cheongryeo.

– Request for information.

-One of the actors who appeared in the movie you filmed.

Up to this point I had a conscience.

And with the next word it disappeared.

-Everything about that person’s weaknesses.

“…”

The level of difficulty suddenly jumped.

-The period will be a bit longer so it would be better to bring proper information.

If appearing in the same movie made it easy all actors would go for it.

To begin with I almost never filmed with that person. At most one cut.

‘Besides usually when a movie fails there’s no need to watch it again.’

And the atmosphere on set was such that this movie was almost ruined.

“…Hmm.”

But the truth is I know.

Why does Cheongnyeo come out so confidently?

I rubbed my chin.

This movie.

This film also called a heist movie or caper movie faithfully follows the story of ‘named criminals gathering together to steal treasure.’

That it will be a huge hit.

And the moment it shows signs of being a hit the film is rushed into additional promotion.

-Let’s try.

Again a few weeks later.

The film was eventually released during the off-season.

* * *

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁ_ㅁ+)\: Drawing the big picture.]

“Nope.”

“Don’t draw.”

“Oh Park Moon-dae please.”

People watching Dot Park Mun-dae sighed.

The reason was simple.

‘Until now has Park Moon-dae ever drawn the big picture and properly considered his own safety?…!’

I have experienced all of his moves starting from performing solo with a broken rib and ending with being struck by a steel frame instead of a member.

I couldn’t figure out why this guy who hates losing taking losses and doing stupid things and is quick at calculating was so extreme.

I thought there must have been circumstances for him to work as an actor but

So everyone quickly agreed.

“You have to punish the player.”

The idea is to bring Park Moon-dae in before he does anything too unreasonable to bring him back to reality.

“How about Mundae’s physical condition right now?”

“wait a minute.”

Geoldal bit his mouth and looked at Park Moon-dae’s stamina gauge.

‘Almost green.’

His stamina was well over half and there was barely any sign of Park Mun-dae being limp or in pain due to fatigue.

‘Lee Se-jin’s support was great.’

Geoldal guessed that the amount of energy recovered was significant as the protection had been used for a long time.

So now it was really close.

“Now if you just give it to Ahyeon I think we can try it right away!”

“…yes.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded firmly.

He was ready to move when the time came.

And the timing came in time.
