---
title: "Chapter 556"
category: "book"
index: 555
section: "Chapter 556"
slug: "556"
---

# Chapter 556

The movie &lt;Steal a Star&gt; started with a rumor.

One of the supporting actors left the film shortly before its release due to a sexual harassment scandal and the release of the film itself was delayed.

There was even a secret rumor going around that the person who filled that position was a rookie from LeTi’s agency which is famous for some idols.

-I was in a panic. It didn’t work out.

-I heard they deleted all of that actor’s footage and filmed additional footage. What would it be like?

└I think there will be an issue with the overall quality of the film. Hmm since it is a holiday movie anyway I don’t think there will be much of a difference.

-What is it that these wicked little things… made such a fuss about saying they were masterpieces and then the stock price went down!

It was also revealed through the article that the release date was eventually rescheduled.

However rather than delaying the release at the right time the timing was hastily set.

april.

The off-season for movie theaters is over with vacations and holidays over!

-Oh he went.

-I think the distributor filmed it as a highly anticipated film… It seems like it’s going to be a hit among the officials.

From anyone’s perspective it was a composition that was roughly intended to fill in some empty space.

Everyone gave up their expectations.

Moreover when it was even said that LeTi was the production company of this movie the booing got worse.

They decided that it was a good idea to divide the situation by saying ‘This is what happened anyway so let’s add our own people and fill out the filmography.’

-It’s the bane of Korean movies.

-This is why domestic movies don’t work…

-Wouldn’t that ruin the completion of the movie?

Public opinion was even worse and the film community which already undervalues holiday films targeting only the public was completely uninterested.

All that was left were people who wanted to have fun talking about how bad it was.

-I will carry my gun and take a look haha.

└Thank you for your sacrifice… haha

The date approached in a withering atmosphere.

However on the opening day.

-oh my god

-What is this?

– Hahahahaha he does this.

-Added well-made movies

-I’m embarrassed.

-Review of &lt;Steal the Stars&gt;\: Amazing! (Contains spoilers^^)

The moment I opened the lid everything changed.

* * *

&lt;Steal the Star&gt; was a scenario that combined a typical thief story with Korean cinematic sensibility.

First a simple couple from the countryside discovers a meteorite that fell on the property of a company.

Although they were caught up in an explosive accident caused by the meteorite falling and were taken to the intensive care unit once they recovered they were able to live without envying others with a lot of money.

This is because meteorites belong to the original discoverer.

And this meteorite received a huge expected appraised value.

[It is a large rare meteorite that has never been discovered on the Korean Peninsula until now and its appraised value is a whopping 300 million dollars or over 300 billion Korean won…]

However they were killed in a medical accident by a large corporation that coveted the meteorite.

The original discoverer is replaced by a conglomerate who came to inspect their site instead.

And the only thing left for the dead couple is one brilliant son.

[This makes no sense…]

However no one believed the high school student’s claims and after dropping out of a special purpose high school he grew up in an underprivileged environment and became a famous conman.

The plot is that he retrieves the meteorite that should have originally belonged to his parents.

For that purpose we are gathering crime specialists from each field.

[They haven’t sold the meteorite yet. I knew that it was valuable to call it because it contained substances that did not exist on Earth.]

[What do you mean?]

[okay. As long as you steal you will somehow get something to sell.]

It was an appropriate mix of emotion comedy and the thrill of giving cider.

What’s surprising is that additional filming even contributed in its own way here.

While the production company was already doing additional filming they also conducted filming to replace some of the parts that were bothering them.

In this way much of the feedback from the internal private preview was accepted and the authenticity of the story became more solid.

Thanks to this people were able to focus on the early and mid-length movies more smoothly and without any interruptions.

The story of the members who gathered to steal the meteorite was introduced just right.

[Hackers scammers counterfeiters gamblers police officers mercenaries… who else needs this?]

[A quick-handed guy.]

And the last to join this strong talkative party is a quiet supporting character.

A young man with a dark appearance who appears to be in his mid to late 20s.

[You could say he is the only expert in Seoul without a criminal record.]

[…]

It’s a pickpocket.

Although he is extremely silent and calm he can steal anyone’s belongings in an instant injecting plausibility between scenes.

And it even plays the role of licorice in a comedy!

[Huh bastard? Listen carefully. We have no means of transportation no tools to camouflage ourselves and we don’t even know the way here right? But what kind of operation is this? Don’t talk nonsense and withdraw…]

Patter. The pickpocket spilled car keys and a disguise from his sleeve.

[…]

[…]

[Hey kidnapping is pickpocketing in a broad sense right? Just one employee over there who knows the way…]

[stop.]

Moreover we get a great cut in the second half.

Just death.

[go.]

The pickpocket had an unfortunate childhood just like the main character.

So I decided what I wanted to do when I earned a lot of money.

[So you’re going to take 45 billion won and donate it all to an orphanage?]

[…]

[Hey you idiot. Rather you should set up a foundation. uh? Something like the International Relief Foundation.]

[huh.]

This fact is revealed through the middle and latter half of the story and he forms a strange bond with the protagonist.

That was the cause.

[What the fuck!]

The group steals a meteorite and runs away but is discovered and chased due to the betrayal of one of the members.

Big companies that are behind their backs are trying to kill them all in order to hide the information.

This is where pickpockets came into play.

He handcuffed the enemy on the helicopter and fell from the helicopter together so that the protagonist could escape without being killed.

[hey!!]

[There’s water down here! He can live! First drive a helicopter!]

And just as he said the pickpocket fell into the water.

Bubbling…

But something unexpected happens.

Because he was stuck with the enemy while falling his hand was caught between the enemy’s handcuffs making it impossible for the pickpocket to escape.

The pickpocket tried to remove his hand several times but his movements gradually became slower and eventually…

My strength is gone right before my eyes.

[…]

Close-up shot.

While submerged in the water and still the pickpocket blinks under the light shining from the surface of the water.

The expression gradually disappears.

It fades out with the blue light of the search pouring over his head as if he is being forgiven for the sins he has committed so far.

[Woowoo-]

Just like that the pickpocket leaves the play.

“…”

Now let’s summarize.

Due to the nature of the character the role is small and there is little dialogue. So it is a role that places less burden on the actor.

But the impactful scenes are carefully taken care of and the ending is powerful?

‘It’s a role that a rookie wants to risk his life for.’

If you can take it well there is nothing like it.

And thanks to the blessings of Bae Se-jin and Geun Se-jin I was able to suck up the honey.

like this.

-The new actor who was brought in was good but he seems more capable than the sexual harasser.

-Bad news turns into good news~ It’s amazing

-The underwater scene was definitely impressive. I’m looking forward to the next work.

It means you did very well.

Since it was a new face with no previous work there were no overlapping characters so there were many positive reviews that said it helped with immersion.

This is the rational reaction of movie enthusiasts and cinephiles to popular movies.

And the public.

-Aaaahhh

-Please tell me who the pickpocket actor is.

-ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠWhy did you kill Sleeve?

– Didn’t the pickpocket plan to donate all 40 billion won and be rehabilitated?

-I was the only petty criminal among violent criminals but they killed me… ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

It was a huge hit.

&lt;Steal the Star&gt; mobilized 3.5 million people in the first week of its release and by the second week it had surpassed 5 million.

‘It originally exceeded 8 million.’

When I was in college I saw people talking about how this movie would have sold over 10 million units if it had been released during the peak season and the same is true now.

Thanks to this my stock price went up like crazy.

I’m doing this right now.

“Actor go up now!”

I nodded to the staff and walked up the stairs to the podium.

Waaaa-!

It’s a stage greeting.

Originally it was a simple production with just the three lead actors but four days after its release additional schedules were scheduled and the promotional schedule was full.

‘As expected.’

I looked at the audience again.

Normally I would have formed a large group and started the stage but now I calmly accept the microphone and sit down on a chair.

“&lt;Steal the stars&gt;! “The seven phantom thieves who banded together to steal the meteorite all came up to greet the stage!”

Flashes go off cheers are heard and cameras are visible everywhere. Nevertheless it progresses more quietly than what I originally knew.

Requests and questions are also more polite.

“Then please say thank you to our cast members~”

I looked at the camera spinning in front of me.

And I laughed inwardly.

‘It’s a promotional appearance.’

If you can’t do this you’re not an idol.

* * *

LeTi is a new actor who quickly became known by appearing in a blockbuster movie as an impactful supporting character called a pickpocket!

It is ‘Ryumun’.

It was a stage name that Park Moon-dae finally received.

-It’s like Letty…

There were many people who thought the name was strange saying it was too LeTi idol-like but the fact that the agency steadfastly refused to reveal the real name until the end also became a hot topic.

So movie fans eventually accepted the name with some trepidation.

-Give idols a stage name like this.

-It seems like they were aiming for the Korean Wave in their own way haha.

-Isn’t the actor himself embarrassed to say it?

-I hope the pickpocket actor doesn’t look solemn. Good looks wins everything. Be confident!!

And everyone is vaguely convinced that the character of the pickpocket in the movie is unconsciously thought of as the character of the actor.

For some reason I think he is a somewhat stiff quiet and stern type of actor.

However the moment the stage greetings began.

[&lt;Steal the Star&gt; stage greeting by Ryu Moon “A genius pickpocket has come to steal the audience’s hearts♡” (Photo HD)]

-What the hell is this?

The new actor boasted perfect heart and camera contact.

I’m not even shy.

-What is this guy?

His quiet and calm personality was correct.

However he had the same calmness and shamelessness as if he had been eating and sleeping in front of cameras for about 10 years.

[&lt;Steal a Star&gt; 5 million pledge “Let’s all popcorn together!”]

Even the promise of 5 million made by other actors was shamelessly achieved by joining the MC’s encouragement on the spot.

It means that he danced the popcorn amazingly well with his outstretched arms and legs.

-Why are you so good at it?

-It’s at the level of a comparison between an idol and an actor hahaha.

-Are you originally an idol trainee but did you become an actor because your image did not match that of your debut group?

└Even when I roll over and look at it it looks like Letty’s idol so why?

└Is the song really bad…?

People were confused!

However as time passed they began to find it amusing that they were confused.

Isn’t this delightful confusion!

-Ah I had a good laugh for the first time in a while haha.

-But it’s also good that he seems to be working hard like a rookie.

-It’s been a while since I received a blood transfusion from a male actor in his 20s. Good.

Thanks to taking on an impactful role in a movie that was originally good the good image became the basis for great topicality.

In this way Ryu Moon who played the role of a pickpocket began to go viral on social media and communities that were popular at the time.

[For those who want to see the pickpocket scam lol]

[A new actor who is amazed that he actually came from an idol agency]

[I’m watching the interview with the actors of Steal the Stars haha. It’s a pickpocket item…]

A time when virality had not yet fully established itself as a business.

However Park Moon-dae knew how to meet the level at an amazing level with many years of experience.

“Geon-woo… no Ryu-moon! “You know the response is really good these days right?”

And it worked.

‘This is it.’

Park Mun-dae waited slowly.

If you can get a good response by laying some groundwork during media exposure like this…

“hello. “Senior.”

“Oh our door~ Welcome!”

I knew it would be like this.

Five days into the promotional schedule. Park Moon-dae smiled inwardly as he received a greeting from the lead actor who had now become more friendly with him.

‘okay. ‘I have to keep an eye on the person who benefits me.’

As expected the places where people lived were similar whether they were idols or actors.

This is where it starts.

“Sir are you interested in whiskey?”

Park Moon-dae quickly proceeded with the plan.

And it only took him two weeks to figure out the actor’s weakness.
