---
title: "Chapter 557"
category: "book"
index: 556
section: "Chapter 557"
slug: "557"
---

# Chapter 557

[I figured it out. The actor’s weakness.]

I declared.

Cheongryeo who was sitting alone in the agency’s recording studio and looking at the lyrics raised her head toward the pop-up I had created.

It seems a bit unusual.

“It’s faster than expected.”

I grinned.

It is now the end of May.

Only 20 days had passed since the movie promotion schedule began.

Normally this is an extremely short amount of time to find out the weaknesses of someone who is a complete stranger.

‘But I brought it.’

I continued writing down the tips while watching Cheongryeo wait with his arms crossed.

[I lied about my age. He was originally 2 years older.]

[And I’m going on an illegal expedition overseas to gamble. I am in contact with the broker through a separate smartphone that I use secretly from my agency.]

This is a criminal so he can spit out information without hesitation.

Cheongryeo nodded slightly without saying a word.

“What is the basis?”

[Confirmed at a drinking party. When I get drunk my mouth becomes too light.]

That’s because I’m not a weak drinker.

-Senior are you okay?

-Oh uh…

After drinking a bit I took a look at the atmosphere and took a quick look at the timing when I left after receiving a call from the actor’s manager.

‘Thanks to you I’ve been drinking without stopping for a few days.’

Of course this was not an effective way to find weaknesses in bare ground.

How can you suddenly say that you are two years older than me while drinking? There is no need for evidence of illegal gambling to suddenly appear.

Even if the actor did it by mistake the chances of me finding out were slim.

So how was it possible?

I grinned.

‘I was trying to prove what I knew in the first place.’

This is the controversy that will erupt in the future of this actor.

That’s why it was easy. Because I already know what this actor will be up to in a few years.

[&lt;This and That in the Entertainment Industry&gt; Korean Wave star A… Why did you lie about your age?]

Since he is an actor with a reputation whenever controversy arises it goes through trash talk and is then featured in the media.

‘I came to see it naturally because I regularly monitor public opinion.’

So all I had to do was verify that the scandal that would break out against this actor in the future was true.

And this…

“Did you verify the information you already knew? “If he were that famous of an actor his current status would have been consistently reported even years later.”

[…]

okay. Even this bastard can tell.

Haven’t you probably restarted 100 times and used similar patterns over and over again?

I replaced my affirmation with silence. The guy faintly twitched the corner of his mouth.

“Even considering that verification is faster than expected.”

[uh. thanks.]

I kept my mouth shut.

Of course the actor is not stupid.

We didn’t go around talking about this so much that it was easy to recognize that we had been drinking together a few times.

‘I only saw the liver indirectly by scratching it at the right time.’

For example something like this.

When the actor accidentally put down his bag because of spilled alcohol I pretended to look for a piece of paper and checked the presence of the smartphone device in the bag.

And if you’ve heard this you’ll know that in order to do this quickly and quietly without any discomfort you need timing skills that are almost instinctive.

…It means that I used some of Liu Qingyu’s blessings.

That guy’s characteristics are amazing.

‘You used the gold medalist’s abilities to spy on others… ’

I was just thankful that Liu Chengyu didn’t crush my head for using the blessings he bestowed like this.

I was sobbing as I remembered the steady pop-up that said ‘Silent List Shooter Smiling’.

Although it was abused it was well used.

[Anyway I told you about the smartphone’s performance system so now it’s up to you to use it yourself.]

I have completed conveying the information.

There is no need to ask where it is needed. Anyway if you share this guy’s vision you will find out automatically.

This is the end.

“good.”

Cheongryeo leaned back against the backrest and picked up his smartphone.

I hate to see you tearing things apart.

“The lack of physical evidence is a factor in deducting points but due to the period…”

at that time.

The guy who looked like he was about to say something that would annoy people suddenly closed his mouth.

“…”

[why.]

I shared the view of the smartphone screen he was looking at.

That was… an urgent message.

-Chaeyul\: Brother please come to the dorm quickly. I think Heeun hyung went out secretly.

-Chaeyul\: I think you went to meet your lover.

“…”

Oh damn.

The current VTIC lover escaped.

* * *

VTIC Heeun.

A bastard who even built a cozy home with his lover.

Perhaps for this reason in the reality I lived in a guy who could not become a VTIC member and was cut off suddenly disappeared without any contact.

“Have you contacted your brother’s family?”

“They said you didn’t come. “There are no eyewitness accounts on social media.”

Immediately Cheongryeo came out of the recording studio met the manager and started moving quickly.

But you went to meet your lover?

[He said he broke up with his lover.]

“You can say anything with words.”

A bastard who only cleans his mouth and acts behind his back… Well he’s a human type that’s easy to see. I nodded.

The manager asked Cheongnyeo with a look of nervousness on his face.

“I heard you left a text message for Chae-yul. Jaehyun did you have any inkling or contact from you?”

“There was none. I will look for it from now on. “Brother please adjust the group’s afternoon schedule first.”

“That’s right. okay.”

The manager nodded and hurriedly made a call on his smartphone.

It seemed like everyone at LeTi including this person was embarrassed but no one made a fuss by contacting all sorts of places.

‘okay. Finding the member who escaped without saying a word should be done with the minimum number of people.’

Leakage of words is the most fatal.

I know that well. Because we were like that when Steer Cha Yoo-jin was in charge.

There was even a photo shoot scheduled for 5pm here.

‘…hmm.’

This doesn’t seem like anything special. I asked vaguely.

[I should think about it too.]

Cheongryeo did not decline. I will take it as a positive.

Let’s see.

‘First of all the time zone is daytime.’

In this case the absence of eyewitness accounts from members means that public transportation was not used or was used extremely briefly.

At the same time it also means that I haven’t been walking on the streets for a long time.

‘Then I can’t ignore the possibility that it’s near the accommodation… ’

Before that let’s consider the case where it is dark under the lamp.

[What is the probability of being at your lover’s house?]

“doesn’t exist.”

Cheongryeo spoke firmly and checked the newly arrived smartphone messages.

In it an employee of the agency reported that the member’s ‘lover’ was already out of the house and had gone out.

‘That’s fast.’

I then confirmed this by watching the employees who checked the CCTV near the accommodation reply to Cheongnyeo saying ‘There is no sign of taking a taxi.’

As expected the lover was near the accommodation.

[How about trying out room cafes or private restaurants around your accommodation?]

“I already have a record for that.”

Cheongryeo got into the car with cold eyes.

“I’m not the type of person with shallow calculation speed who would use the same method that worked once. “You have to find somewhere else.”

I’m stuck here.

‘It’s a different place.’

The current VTIC was living in a luxury villa very close to the company. And there is no way I could suddenly know the ins and outs of the geography of this area.

I thought for a moment and suddenly remembered something.

[wait for a sec.]

It’s simple logic.

If I don’t know shouldn’t I just use someone who knows well?

[I know a guy who speaks loudly and has unusual ideas. He is probably familiar with the geography surrounding your company.]

“…”

Cheongryeo just shifted her gaze and looked at the pop-up.

[Belonging to LeTi.]

Security issues are also solved.

“say it.”

I put my hand to typing.

After such a quick and concise conversation.

I briefly stopped connecting with Cheongryeo and got up from the officetel.

The guy who had come in advance for the ‘regular strategy meeting’ and was waiting quickly spoke to me from the other side.

“Are you finished communicating?”

“no.”

I asked cracking my neck.

“Are you interested in reasoning?”

Judan’s eyes lit up.

yes.

* * *

“So you’re looking for a place where a small number of people can stay for more than half a day without being noticed. “Except for commercial locations.”

After hearing the entire explanation of the situation Judan clasped his hands.

It looks very exciting.

“okay.”

Actually I didn’t expect much cooperation from this guy but he does come up with good ideas sometimes…

“Then it’s simple.”

hmm?

“Look here.”

Ju Dan immediately presented a place he had searched for on his smartphone.

-Biz Lounge (unmanned space rental open all year round)

“There is a seminar room rental company near my company and you can easily make a reservation on weekdays. “The price is reasonable and it operates unmanned leaving no trace.”

Judan opened his mouth with a confident expression.

“There is no CCTV inside the seminar room except for the entrance and lounge.”

“…”

“It’s not a place you usually go to rest or have fun but it’s not easily predictable by companies and it’s not crowded so it’s comfortable. “It’s the perfect escape space.”

I looked at the companies marked on the map and matched all the currently given conditions.

No sightings near the company even real-time reservation availability…

It was an amazing match.

“It’s a bit unfortunate that it has to be made public like this. “It’s one of my favorite companies.”

“…”

“It’s a social skill that you must naturally learn in a situation where you live with dozens of peers.”

Finding a comfortable place to be alone?

But now is not the time to say such things.

It’s time to praise.

“That’s impressive.”

“…! “Nothing to say.”

Zhou Dan seemed impressed.

‘Funny guy.’

No need to worry. We won’t reveal just the companies you visit.

‘I have to see everything that meets the conditions.’

As I scrubbed the screen of my smartphone I found several similar candidates near the company in addition to the specific company that Judan had chosen.

Then I contacted Cheongryeo again and sent a message.

[I heard there are seminar rooms near the company…]

…

And after a while.

“brother! “They found it!”

Surprisingly the lover boy was indeed discovered in the seminar room and quietly taken away.

Even though it wasn’t the ‘perfect’ company recommended by Judan it was correct as he was on a date with his lover in a nearby seminar room.

The casting idea was a success.

After confirming the news through Cheongryeo’s vision I returned to my body in the officetel.

“…”

Return of vision. After seeing my expression Zhou Dan looked slightly triumphant.

He then shrugged his shoulders holding out a cup of coffee that had been brewing for some time.

“I guess you were right.”

Are you coming?

“Please give my regards to senior Cheongryeo.”

Are you coming?

I drank the coffee he offered me.

* * *

When Cheongryeo logged back in after a cup of coffee his vision was hell.

It means literally.

A bastard with hellish ideas was sticking his head into the jaws of hell.

The lover’s eyes were turning red blood was forming in his neck and he was crying like he was drunk.

“I know you’re all blaming me. Did you know that my attitude changed? Hey do you know how suffocating it is to be around people who resent you all day?”

The guy whose head should have been broken is still sticking around so people are saying things like this.

“I was supposed to come back before the photo shoot but I couldn’t believe you and told the company about it again right? Wow I really…”

“brother…”

“Guys. “Go into your room for a moment.”

However Cheongnyeo remained calm.

He naturally sent the other members to their rooms.

“What are you doing? “Hey what the fuck are you talking about?”

The lover’s shoulders stiffened as if he was nervous when he saw that scene. And to hide it I started to come out stronger.

Cheongnyeo looked at him blankly and smiled.

And he nodded.

“I know what you mean. okay. “You can rest as much as you want.”

“…Uh huh?”

“Don’t you mean you need some time off?”

Cheongryeo muttered as she checked her watch.

“This album is being released as a small test anyway… hmm. “It’s okay for you to have some alone time.”

The lover swallowed his saliva.

“Are you telling me to withdraw?”

“What are you talking about?”

Cheongryeo spoke softly.

“You should continue to be active too. Hmm… how about something like a drama?”

“…drama?”

“okay. It would be persuasive to say that you’re going to miss album promotions for a while because you’re so busy acting. “There are many cases like that among our seniors.”

The lover looked up at Cheongnyeo as if interested.

He seemed to have cooled off quickly perhaps because he was not the type of person who was used to getting angry.

At that time Cheongryeo spoke slightly.

Like taking bait.

“Of course it’s not something I would recommend… I was just wondering if you might have thought that way. Brother do whatever you feel comfortable with. “The company won’t be angry either.”

The lover hurriedly took the bait.

“…okay. That would be nice. I’ll think about it. Sorry. “This environment is so stressful… I think I’ve shown you how to behave.”

“We must look out for each other.”

Cheongryeo responded softly and the lover quietly stumbled towards his room with an almost impressed expression on his face.

hmm.

I saw Cheongryeo sending a message to the company via smartphone saying ‘It was a good conversation.’

And asked.

[If I miss group activities just because I’m acting like that guy wouldn’t it be the end?]

This is another straight-up blow to the reputation of the guy who is already the worst lover in the VTIC fandom.

Is this the plan to send a truck to the agency?

“yes.”

Cheongryeo smiled softly and closed the smartphone.

“That’s why I tell you to do it.”

[…]

I understand.

‘They are pushing us one step at a time into this natural withdrawal… ’

He said he would not start over and live as usual but he is really living like that.

[I get it.]

However having come this far I have doubts.

[Why aren’t you adding Jung Woo-dan to the team? It looks good to me.]

If you’re going to use a guy like that as a full-time employee wouldn’t it be better to be in charge even if there are some ups and downs?

[He also came up with the idea for the seminar room.]

“…”

Cheongryeo headed back to the entrance to head to the recording studio.

And he answered lightly.

“Yes Jeong Woo-dan. Sometimes I come up with brilliant ideas. “You seem to be able to maintain your composure well even in unusual situations.”

Cheongnyeo quietly muttered.

“But that’s not always the case.”

[What do you mean?]

A simple answer came back.

“I don’t believe you.”

‘…?’

“I told you so. “I’ve tried this before as a test.”

no way.

I saw Cheongryeo.

“About my situation.”

The guy had a calm expression.

And briefly he seemed to remember the situation at the time.

“Well did you ask again?”

-Can you prove it?

“So I proved it.”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“He ran away from home early the next morning leaving behind a note.”

“…”

“He didn’t return to his dorm until I restarted the next night.”

thud.

The guy got on the elevator without looking at the front door.

“If the elements that were evaluated as strengths are expressed selectively it is inefficient to use more.”

Underground parking lot.

Cheongryeo walked toward the car without hesitation and finished speaking gently.

“I trust statistics.”

[…]

I pressed my eyes.

‘I guess so.’

This guy is the one who first told me about his regression. That was the cast.

‘…’

Hey by the way.

‘He didn’t believe in restarting?’

I actually can’t believe this.
