---
title: "Chapter 558"
category: "book"
index: 557
section: "Chapter 558"
slug: "558"
---

# Chapter 558

It is said that in the past Cheongryeo confessed about her restart but there was someone who did not believe her.

‘It’s possible.’

But that’s the casting.

“…”

The sentences before and after do not fit together.

‘This guy?’

I raised my head. The casting guy was smashing dishes into the dishwasher. It’s easy to move around on your own because the stir-fried pork is so filling.

“Will artificial intelligence be applied to dishwashers in a few years?”

“…to a certain extent.”

“indeed.”

This is what this guy is.

I looked at him with suspicious eyes.

This guy has a history of believing a homeless man he met on the street in a foreign country when he told him he was from the future.

That’s me.

But a member who had been active in the same group for several years suddenly took a stand and said ‘I’m from the future’ and I didn’t believe him?

He even ran away from home?

‘I guess he didn’t get so excited that he ran out and forgot to contact me.’

This… it’s funny that it sounds convincing.

“…”

Well it has nothing to do with me.

I decided to just stop thinking.

What do you know?

Instead of worrying about other people’s business let’s worry about our own shitty situation.

“Are you going to continue working as an actor tomorrow?”

okay. This is what I care about.

I received the mixed coffee Judan brought after running the dishwasher.

“okay. “Because there is one entertainment show left.”

I have been steadily working on my acting career for several weeks.

This means promoting a movie that has already been filmed by appearing on TV or on the Internet.

I wasted a bit of time digging up information while drinking with that actor… but that’s over now so I’ll end it in a way that doesn’t seem suspicious.

Zhou Dan rubbed his chin.

“hmm. It seems like it’s time for commercial movies to be the main focus of movie theaters to change. “Promotion is a bit inefficient.”

I answered calmly.

“I’m not trying to promote the movie.”

“…?”

“You’re trying to promote me.”

That’s right.

This was not the schedule set by the film production company. This is the schedule set by actor Ryu Moon’s agency.

“…! “You’re trying to expand the awareness you gained through this movie.”

That’s correct.

-It’s an observational show on MBS and it includes some interviews so it’s really good for hot actors at this time. Make sure to go out and take good eye prints!

The agency also had a lot of energy.

2010s. It is still a time when public broadcasting is powerful. And the early stages of observational entertainment becoming a trend with one hit after another.

‘It’s appropriate in many ways.’

Even from the perspective of trying to maintain mysticism it is better than having the American people belittled for no reason on talk shows or in professional interviews.

At this time there is usually a problem that rookies put too much pressure on their shoulders and it becomes more unnatural.

This is especially true if you are an actor who only sells acting…

“hmm. “This must be familiar to my older brother who was an idol who debuted at a major future agency.”

I just laughed.

I’ll just say that I got it roughly right.

* * *

“The weather is nice…”

&lt;Travel for one person&gt;.

It is one of the various observational entertainment shows that sends celebrities who are mushrooming around this time on a trip to provide healing.

However in this program the cast members are sent alone.

‘They asked me to do a lot of monologues because I don’t have anyone to talk to.’

So there were some who said that it was close to the essence of observational entertainment but Park Moon-dae had a hunch.

This was a fun composition that required the editor to use some magic.

If you don’t catch it in editing it’s just someone else’s story silently practicing.

In other words it is a program where the production team is more important than the cast.

‘After the production team changed it went bankrupt.’

However the production team has not yet changed.

He was truly enjoying the two-day one-night trip trusting that the trip would take care of itself.

It was honey.

‘If you apply too much force it will only end up looking unnatural.’

They just come to a remote countryside cook a meal and look at the scenery.

Park Mun-dae lay down on the veranda and closed his eyes watching the floating clouds.

Hwiik-

The wind from the mountains passed over my forehead.

Late spring with strong sunlight. Lying in the shade feeling the wind and quietly listening to the sound of grass can soothe one’s mind.

Especially if you are familiar enough with the camera to not be uncomfortably aware of it.

“…”

This is the first time Park Moon-dae feels travel relaxation after being in this strange situation.

However before… there was no room for audio in this situation.

Because the seven members moved together.

‘There was even a dog.’

A slight bitterness filled my mouth.

Still the dog that Bae Se-jin’s mother took in is probably doing well.

And other guys too.

He lay down and blinked.

It would be okay to do this for about an hour.

[The unsatisfied idol relaxes with your rest.]

It was Lee Se-jin’s pop-up.

‘Have you not relaxed your mind?’

Park Moon-dae was taken aback but eventually burst into laughter. Because it wasn’t a bad thing to have a companion like this.

“Let’s have some vegetables.”

That evening Park Moon-dae cooked and ate mountain vegetable bibimbap in a stone pot with the vegetables he picked himself.

The recipe included borrowed sesame oil from a neighbor’s house and even fried eggs from chickens raised here.

“It looks natural and nice.”

“I know.”

“You’re good at cooking too.”

The production crew who watched the entire process was skilled.

It really looks like he isn’t paying attention to the camera and he doesn’t say any inappropriate expressions like a ghost and the timing of what to take is amazing.

No matter how magical editing was it was impossible without materials.

But this… materials were more abundant than ever.

It’s like a veteran celebrity who has only appeared in observational entertainment for about 10 years!

But a rookie with no image consumption!

‘Why… is it easy to film?’

The production crew was confused but soon satisfied. Isn’t good something good?

‘I need to pay more attention to the interview… ’

Only a few of the writers made that promise.

Interview.

Just as you can’t avoid talking about the song that won first place when an idol appears you can’t avoid talking about the work he or she appeared in on a variety show promoting an actor.

Especially if it’s a blockbuster movie that hit recently.

“I received this watch as a souvenir. “It’s a children’s toy wristwatch that the pickpocket always wears.”

In this program it is like this.

The cast begins the story by reminiscing while taking a break while looking at items related to their recent hits such as photos posters and videos.

And then we select interviews to insert separately there.

like this.

“also! It is said that the filming process was very harmonious.”

“Oh thank you.”

That night.

After filming Park Moon-dae falling asleep on a blanket on the floor with an ondol (floor heating system) he got up again and conducted an interview in a warehouse behind a country house.

The author meticulously asked him various questions in order to somehow find out the backstory related to the movie.

‘Being nice means being nice and if you pick something slightly controversial that’s fine!’

I even took a peek at the actor who originally played his role who was fired due to a sexual misconduct scandal.

“I think you did some character research while watching the film of Pickpocket before editing. What did you think?”

“As for character research… I’m still a rookie so I focused on the script so as not to miss any details in the script. “It’s a little embarrassing but… it’s tattered. Would you like me to show it to you?”

“Oh yes!”

However Park Moon-dae did not show a straight face and answered the question casually.

‘…passed over!’

The writer who was conducting the interview realized this only after receiving Park Moon-dae’s script.

Perhaps LeTi… the actor also grits his teeth and undergoes comprehensive training…

‘There are no gaps.’

The writers laughed empty-handedly.

Still the interview continues.

“Still I think there must have been a lot of difficulties as I was suddenly cast as an extra in such a big movie at such a young age.”

“Um… but. Thankfully everyone was friendly and I was able to focus quickly.”

“iced coffee! “I heard you were the youngest.”

“yes.”

Park Moon-dae slightly twitched his eyebrows.

This is because the director who used to treat people carelessly to the point where people got annoyed during additional filming changed his attitude and said in an interview that he was a diligent and lucky youngest member.

‘There is no need to say I treated you like X here.’

Judging from the fact that their attitude was similar even after the camera was turned off it seemed like they had glorified it in their heads.

Moon-Dae Park gave an estimate while conducting the interview faithfully.

‘If I do well I might get an offer from that director for my next film.’

Of course I was planning to go diving before that.

[The genius actor is concentrating and stamping his feet.]

‘okay.’

He will also find a way to return before borrowing Bae Se-jin’s abilities.

Moon-Dae Park looked at the pop-up without being noticed and nodded slightly.

Now that I think about it this type of expression seems to appear often in pop-ups these days.

This is a gesture or expression that members might use when they are nervous about a big event.

[The late-night maestro opens his eyes.]

[The dancer with a noble attitude puts both hands together.]

Things like this.

Park Moon-dae had a hunch.

‘It looks like preparations are in the final stages.’

Maybe you’re ready to bring it yourself.

In order not to pass on the risk he had to move ahead of the members’ ‘preparation’.

‘We are proceeding as planned.’

He has already proven several transactions to Cheongryeo as an informant.

Now that I had gained so much time it was time to put it to good use.

‘We are focusing on properly analyzing the strange terminal inside Cheongryeo’s system.’

Park Moon-dae decided that way.

As a result of digging into it step by step over the past time I felt like I would soon be able to safely access the core of the terminal.

And as soon as the confirmation was over I had to focus on finding a corner to eat using that as a hint to return to reality.

okay.

‘This is right… ’

“Ah Mr. Ryu Moon.”

The writer called him again.

“yes.”

“This is a personal question…”

An expression has emerged when trying to wittily gloss over a question that does not fit the context or is personal.

Park Moon-dae relaxed and focused on the interview again.

The writer asked with a smile.

“What do you think about the pickpocket’s end?”

“…the last one.”

As expected the context has escaped.

Park Moon-dae thought that he should ask his agency to remove this before the program is criticized for being a movie spoiler.

But the author was serious.

“yes. It really was such a sad ending because of one little discrepancy. “Didn’t you want a different ending as a pickpocket?”

Getting handcuffed and dying in the climax part? It was sweet because it was symbolic.

Of course it was a bit difficult to answer like this.

“hmm. “That’s right.”

‘I’m sad as an actor but the pickpocket himself wouldn’t have felt sorry… I guess I’ll just put it to that.’

However Park Moon-dae who was preparing an answer that seemed to be going well paused for a moment.

Something came to mind from the author’s expression.

hmm.

‘…It’s just one inch off.’

This is the case of Cheongryeo and Judan that we heard about yesterday.

When Cheongryeo talks about her surreal experience Judan panics and runs away from home.

Perhaps because of that Joo Dan who is a VTIC in real life is unable to debut here and remains stuck as a trainee.

This is because Cheongryeo has already appraised the casting and dan undervaluing it as ‘substandard’.

This is it.

‘…I think it will work properly if I adjust it a little bit.’

Of course I also know that everything is resolved in reality anyway.

But the situation unfolding before his eyes right now… doesn’t his hands itch?

I think you just need to control it a little bit if you touch it a little bit.

“…”

Oh damn.

Park Mun-dae suppressed his silence.

I really only do it once.

‘No more you bastards.’

And the morning after filming ended.

Park Moon-dae called Joo Dan.

-Geonwoo hyung?

“Jeongwoodan.”

A weekend without school. He had just finished morning practice and immediately received a phone call.

-Is this an emergency?

“No it’s not like that.”

Park Moon-dae spoke at once.

“From now on I am going to explain a certain situation to you and I want to know what choice you will make. therefore…”

Appropriate word.

“It’s a kind of human psychological test.”

-…!

“Please give a careful answer.”

* * *

Ju Dan listened to what the other person said over the phone.

Blunt wise a little mysterious and sometimes bold. This person from the future completely drained Zhou Dan’s soul.

And it was still the same now.

“I debuted as an idol and was actively working. One day a group member suddenly says ‘I went back in time and lived again to achieve success.’ Is that it?”

-hmm. okay.

Ju Dan was instantly inspired by that calm answer.

‘Have you experienced a similar situation?’

Perhaps the other person is talking about something they have experienced themselves.

-Repeat until you succeed.

But Zhou Dan did not show it. Being swayed by these predictions was good for producing mundane and illogical answers.

‘Objective answers come first.’

So after a moment of careful consideration he added\:

“Then now… we are in a situation where we are confessing after the group is successful.”

-no.

The other person continued speaking in a low voice.

-Situation right before pressing new game.

In other words it means that it is not successful and is already on the verge of failure and restarting.

“…”

Judan closed his eyes tightly.

Hypothetical situation. But the answer was already in my head.

It was… simple.

“I guess I should run away.”

-what?

“It’s dangerous isn’t it?”

Ju Dan calmly drew a conclusion.

“Right now the opponent is in a situation where he neither loses nor gains no matter what he does. “In such a situation there are two reasons why you bothered to tell me the situation.”

-… two.

“yes.”

Ju Dan swallowed his saliva.

first.

“I’m letting you know as a test because trust has built up in me over the years.”

It’s about recruiting colleagues.

In that case a situation could have been created where he willingly lent his abilities as a colleague to this destined protagonist.

Just like he does with his brother now.

however.

“But there are other possibilities. as soon as…”

Judan swallowed.

This was the problem. Another case.

second.

“Because I was curious about that person. “How will I react?”

-…?

“If you continue to do repetitive tasks for a long time won’t boredom and boredom follow you as companions?”

The situation right before starting a new game.

If you were angry or frustrated and wanted to vent to yourself.

then.

“In the worst case scenario I might be killed because my reaction is not funny.”

-…

-Not a serial killer but a member of the same group.

“There is no law that says idol members cannot become serial killers. “I always assume the worst.”

Idols and serial killers. Intersection was possible at any time.

‘Especially if you are someone who has repeated the past over and over again to succeed!’

Isn’t it perfect to disregard human life? If you go back to the past anyway you will come back to life.

Ju Dan responded based on a perfect Venn diagram.

“But running away right away is also… Hmm I see. “You may incur animosity for no reason.”

then.

“First of all I should send a sign like ‘Thank you for your words but I will think about it more deeply.’ And then secretly run away.”

-…

“It seems like the perfect survival method.”

Park Mun-dae hit his head.

-You are waiting.

“yes?”

-Tell me to wait.

He immediately asked Cheongryeo for help.
