---
title: "Chapter 560"
category: "book"
index: 559
section: "Chapter 560"
slug: "560"
---

# Chapter 560

It was a question I had from the beginning.

‘Why is Cheongryeo trying to get information about the actor from me?’

For a guy who barely became a rookie actor.

There’s no way the guy who restarted it 100 times wouldn’t have found a better window than that.

So I assumed that they were only targeting one specific piece of information that could be found at this time.

But that wasn’t it.

‘Information wasn’t the purpose in the first place.’

“I could have neglected my schedule to find information but I took the time to properly prepare and respond to each interview and promotional media. “It means I didn’t waste my moment in the spotlight.”

“…”

“It means you are born with quality talent and attitude. Mr. Geon-woo.”

Cheongryeo looked at me without even blinking.

“I think that’s the same for those who are in college.”

To see my attitude.

They supported my acting career to see how well I could adapt to this industry and whether I could earn my living.

And crucially…

‘To check information on college student Ryu Geon-woo without my unnecessary interference.’

It’s still true that rolling your head makes people angry.

I answered in a low voice.

“…Why do you think a guy who did well in college would become an idol? “At this stage I am not interested in idols.”

“For something like that you worked hard to film it.”

“…”

“Among the photos of me in the dorm there was one taken by Geon-woo.”

Did you even find out that he was a data seller?

“I do it because it makes money.”

“With that level of education isn’t there only one way to make money? “Why did I do something that wasn’t profitable such as walking around the event venue and taking pictures of idols?”

“I earn better than you think.”

“It’s an honor to be able to introduce you to a more ‘well-earning’ job.”

Cheongryeo answered casually.

I wasn’t surprised.

If he had been persuaded by words like this I wouldn’t have hit this bastard’s head with handcuffs.

“…”

I kept my mouth shut.

It was that moment.

“for a moment. “I also want to tell you something.”

Zhou Dan raised his hand and intervened.

“Why are you telling us these plans?”

I raised my head.

“The moment you go back to the past the experiences and memories of everyone except you will disappear.”

It was true.

“There is a high probability that we will not remember it either so what you are saying is… is it an emotional factor?”

“…”

Judan looked calm but his hands were actually shaking slightly.

‘You’re trying.’

I answered while suppressing my sleep.

“I’m just trying to see the reaction.”

“yes?”

“We want to check our reaction to this ridiculous situation and make a plan for how to use it in the future.”

In a word it is a manpower potential meter.

There is no need to worry about side effects. Because you’ll forget it anyway.

Zhou Dan’s expression became uncertain whether it was admiration or fear.

“indeed…”

“Are you sure it’s not just a guess?”

“…!”

Cheongryeo grinned.

“I guess you must have known me from the time you lived. “A little deeper.”

“…”

“First of all you both seem very embarrassed. “You’d better calm down a little.”

Cheongryeo said calmly.

“My conditions have not changed. No one will lose anything. It just gets better. and…”

And he looked back at me quite kindly.

“Don’t worry if you lose Geonwoo’s body after I restart. Even if it remains as help it will not be deleted.”

I’m really thankful.

Although he wanted to be sarcastic Cheongryeo still maintained a friendly demeanor.

“I will release an album as promised so don’t worry about that. “There are still things to check and do.”

But that’s it.

I predicted what this guy would say next.

“But as you heard… it would be a bad decision for the group to stay here even if the album is successful. Restarting is a given.”

Cheongryeo tilted her head to the side.

“You can’t be satisfied when you can start over with better conditions.”

Reset syndrome.

The habit of willingly starting over when better conditions arise.

The bastard who was horribly stagnant at this stage where he had already overcome the reality of reality… was so so dirty he couldn’t communicate.

‘Fuck you.’

I closed my eyes against the pain in the back of my head.

Is there a way to persuade…

“…”

does not exist.

This is different from the reality when the system was transferred from Cheongnyeo to me and he misunderstood that I had a restart button.

Unlike in reality where I had to persuade myself to restart in this past I was able to restart at will.

Fuck you I have no negotiating hand.

“…”

Moreover… now a fundamental question arises.

In the first place.

‘Why do I have to stop this guy?’

Why should we negotiate?

Wouldn’t it be enough to just buy enough time?

‘This is not the reality I live in.’

All I have to do is return to reality.

It doesn’t matter whether this thing restarts or not after that. I was just taken aback by the fact that my story from this time period when I was attending college came out for no reason.

‘What do I know whether I bake him or boil him or make VTIC?’

It doesn’t matter.

‘okay.’

My bones throbbed.

And… I was sick of it.

‘Why the fuck… do I have to do this with this guy all the time?’

How many times do we have to repeat a story we already know? How many times does it take to get away from this damn system?

Heat surged in my brain.

I’m already stuck in a situation where I don’t know what’s going on and I’m clenching my teeth and trying to get out.

I was trying to clear up a misunderstanding among the VTIC guys so that I could have some leeway while my nose was a stone’s throw away.

‘It was a stupid thing to do.’

I wanted to go back.

…There were too many things I couldn’t give up. There were too many reasons.

So I tried to look at the situation in a positive way.

I believe that there is a clue to go back to the system I believe that I can somehow use it and I believe that the pop-up is really Keoldal and its members…

But if you look at it really realistically…

‘Nothing can be certain.’

Nothing has been proven.

What I’ve done so far to get back may have been all useless.

I felt cold sweat running down my spine.

It felt like it was going to be eaten away.

‘Fuck you.’

This damn fear of not being able to go back to Testa Parkmundae and being dragged into this shitty situation.

‘no.’

I squeezed my thighs with my hands until the veins stood out.

Cold sweat broke out.

[A dancer with a noble attitude…]

“…”

at that time. A little light shines above your head.

I raised my gaze.

Right next to you the text in the pop-up twinkles like a star.

[Dancers with a noble attitude do their best.]

[A dancer with a noble attitude bestows his blessings upon you.]

[Attribute\: Status abnormality invalid]

That moment.

I started to fall into a soggy mess.

first of all. Let’s take a deep breath.

‘Whoa… ’

Be aware of your body in sync with your breathing and then become aware of the thoughts in your head.

‘You’re scared.’

I diagnosed my condition objectively.

I didn’t realize the reality I just panicked.

I tried to ignore it as much as I could but the extreme stress continued to build up in my unconscious and it seemed like I had crossed the threshold.

‘It’s worth it.’

Let’s not criticize.

I gave myself a somewhat objective rating.

I worked hard without even knowing X.

‘You somehow dragged me here.’

It’s not that the terrible ideas and dirty feelings that were muddying my brain magically disappeared.

Confusion still remained. The fear still remained.

I just gained the strength to deal with it.

As if my stamina suddenly rose during a marathon my mind was filled with the will to run as I measured the distant goal line.

Guts.

Resilience.

Perhaps there are some things that Sun Ah-hyeon has learned from experience but there are also qualitative differences that are innate.

[A dancer with a noble attitude is working hard for you.]

And from that high perspective I could see the path I had walked and my heart became stronger.

‘If I do it again I won’t be able to do it better.’

With Cheongryeo’s help he made his acting debut as an illegal worker in the United States.

At every moment the belief that I did my best is strengthened by my belief in myself.

Then I think there is no need to be oversensitive to the situation I am in now.

It wasn’t about giving up it was about just acknowledging it.

‘It’s natural that Cheongryeo here suffers from reset syndrome.’

Because it’s from the past.

There is no need to be too surprised embarrassed or frustrated compared to reality.

Rather it’s reset syndrome so why did you head to the ground without anything and be accepted as a member by a guy who distrusts humanity?

‘I never wanted it.’

Well it probably means that I am a very useful person. Let’s think that I recognized a first-division idol like I was in the first-division forever.

‘okay.’

If my stress hadn’t passed the critical point I would have thought so shamelessly.

‘And then we think about the best way.’

Isn’t this what I have been doing every day since I started living in Parkmundae?

Finding answers in seemingly unanswerable situations.

Courage and energy seem to seep out from somewhere and seep into my head and spinal cord.

The mind bounces like an elastic ball.

[A dancer with a noble attitude exhales.]

‘I can do it.’

I thought as I looked up at the pop-up.

Now if I were to choose what to do now with a strong mind…

I put my hands on the table.

“Well… thank you for your high opinion.”

“hmm?”

“Think about using me as a member slowly. “I have some work to do right now… I’m going to leave for a moment.”

And then I jumped into Cheongryeo’s system again.

To analyze the terminal.

* * *

But at the same time the JSA.

Park Moon-dae’s acquaintances were looking at the screen in cold sweat.

In fact the mood was very hopeful until just before.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅅ@)\: Sinking in confusion…]

[Park Moon-dae (@ㅅ@)\: Confused and frustrated]

“What the fuck…”

“…”

Sweat beaded down Sun Ah-hyun’s temples and dripped from her chin.

He tried his best to help Park Moon-dae but he wasn’t sure if he got the timing right to bestow his blessings.

Plus I was worried.

‘I don’t think I can be more helpful to Moon Dae than the other members.’

This is because unlike the members who had notable talents and characters he felt that he was somehow dull.

It was also because of the situation where he was the only one who could not find the right time to bestow blessings and it was his last turn.

‘still… ’

Gritting his teeth he continued to try to bestow protection.

‘Ahyeon… ’

Big Moon blinked and suppressed his bitter emotions.

Of course contrary to his own worries Sun Ah-hyun’s blessings really helped Park Moon-dae.

[Park Moon-dae (ㅁㅅㅁ*)\: Escaping from confusion!]

“That’s enough…!”

“I’m so glad!”

In an instant the atmosphere came alive.

However the moment Park Moon-dae received Seon-ah-hyeon’s blessing he also received the unique power of Seon-ah-hyeon’s characteristics.

– Status abnormality invalid.

A derivative effect of the power that ignores status abnormalities. It was just an error.

Breaking through the form and influence of the system and seeing the essence and rawness beyond.

So right after the moment Park Moon-dae accessed Cheongryeo’s system.

The screen turned pitch black.

[Park Moon-dae (■■■)\: ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■]

The human-shaped dots were crushed and eventually turned into whitish distorted rectangles.

Park Moon-dae’s unusual situation would not have been displayed originally because it was outside the predicted range of this dot screen implemented by Geundal.

It was the status of the door that became the status window.

[Park Moon-dae (■■■)\: !!!!!!!]

Broken letters burst out over the square box-like dots that had previously been shaped like humans.

“…what’s this.”

A bizarre situation that sends a chill down your spine and fills you with anxiety.

The atmosphere which had cooled down for a moment boiled over in confusion.

“What is happening now?”

“Is it possible that some kind of error occurred now that my stamina has been fully filled?”

Keoldal’s face turned white and he checked the connection status again.

‘It’s strange.’

But… it was even weirder because Moon Dae didn’t seem to be in bad condition.

“Now wait a minute. Let’s check the situation a little more…”

But Geodal’s words did not end.

Because someone grabbed his arm.

“…!”

Arms in military uniform.

It was Cheongryeo.

In an instant he pushed Testa’s shoulder to create space and grabbed the big moon.

‘Now wait a minute.’

Cheongryeo is a medium that has been able to reach the location of Park Mun-dae so far. So it played a role in creating a passage.

‘But do you want to give protection to that side too?’

Even if Cheongnyeo tries to access the channel like this even Keundal is not sure if she can grant blessings like everyone else…

“ah…”

At that moment Geoldal realized.

In the past Cheongryeo had received authority in the virtual world of the system.

And that still remained with Cheongryeo.

He was GM.

Game Master. operator.

“Connect.”

Big Moon swallowed his saliva and moved.

* * *

At the same time actor Ryu Moon’s officetel.

“I think it would be better if I let you lie down on the sofa… Yes. “Just leave it alone.”

Thanks to Park Moon-dae who suddenly laid his head down on the table and closed his eyes the tension that had been building had been relieved.

Although Jeong Woo-dan took a strange posture as if he was both wary of VTIC Cheongryeo and at the same time receiving it the parties did not pay much attention to it.

Because verification is over.

Cheongryeo then looked at the interviewee on the other side who still had an unknown corner.

Ryu Geon-woo.

‘Is this helpful?’

Why did I suddenly connect?

Could it be that he plans to develop something to prove his usefulness and persuade him not to restart?

‘It’s time to learn that it doesn’t work.’

He attempted to call with a mixture of faint curiosity and embarrassment.

-Help.

There was no answer so he called several times this time.

-Help.

-Help.

-Help.

I was doing the repetitive work in a somewhat pleasant mood.

Finally a response comes wriggling in the air.

‘hmm.’

It was the moment when Cheongnyeo turned her gaze.

[—————]

Where the help window originally appeared.

Violent letters as if torn apart come to mind quietly.

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

As if it would fill the field of vision.

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]
