---
title: "Chapter 563"
category: "book"
index: 562
section: "Chapter 563"
slug: "563"
---

# Chapter 563

A few minutes ago.

Cheongryeo the holder of the system checked the status window for deleting the missing help.

Clean empty space.

He had an unpleasant feeling about something.

‘hmm.’

It was the unpleasantness of an event that was out of control.

Since it was no longer interesting he mechanically immediately called help and tried to confirm the incident in detail.

It was then.

At first I started with the feeling of the back of my hand again.

bite.

Tuk.

It felt similar to when cold sweat dripped down the back of my hand just before. Cheongnyeo lowered her eyes and looked down.

But this time it wasn’t really a cold sweat.

The water passes through the back of the hand and falls to the floor.

Patter.

Before he knew it the floor he was standing on was no longer the hard floor of the living room of an officetel.

The black turbulent surface of the water gently swallows the water droplets leaving no trace.

“…”

When I realized that it was a deep sea with no end in sight.

The idol incarnate was suddenly standing across from the dark officetel.

A wet black shirt and black pants.

The man with Cheongryeo’s face looked at Cheongryeo who had the same face as himself but a slightly younger face.

And then he opened his mouth.

[wait.]

Eventually Cheongnyeo realized that Jeong Woo-dan who had been loafing around in the officetel living room had disappeared.

And even the strange pop-up is back.

[The incarnation of the idol is looking at you.]

Cheongryeo…

[Let’s not do unnecessary things to each other.]

The idol incarnate declared.

And he looked at the past he had already passed.

My self at a time when I believed that given enough time everything could be captured in a perfect moment forever.

hmm.

[Was it like this?]

The idol incarnate finished speaking with his hand on his chin.

Cheongryeo across from him immediately reviewed all the clues he had obtained.

Same look older face help from the future…

And to sum it all up one very likely hypothesis emerged.

That one.

“Am I the future me?”

The idol incarnate just laughed. And Cheongryeo also twisted the corner of her mouth.

[I don’t think I’m surprised.]

“Because I know it will succeed.”

Cheongryeo spoke calmly as if it was obvious. The idol incarnate also muttered indifferently.

[When restarts are just entering the triple digits… That’s right. Not at times like this.]

“…”

[There are times when the desire to win takes precedence over calculation… It’s not a bad thing but you will learn how to choose accordingly.]

The incarnation of the idol clasped its hands.

[But it would be better to give up the habit of overly trusting your own calculations.]

“How about an example?”

The incarnation of the idol immediately brought out the history of this life that he had seen.

[Why did you force T-Holic to retire due to an accident?]

“…”

That’s right.

During one of the last few restarts Cheongryeo kicked T-holic out of the entertainment industry in a very unnatural way.

There are limits to growing an inherent scandal. Even when the song changed and the relationship with the company worsened T Holic steadfastly survived through public recognition.

So they just kicked him out by touching something outside the stage.

Injuries family problems cruel rumors etc.

Killed without fighting.

-Because it is a less efficient method than expected.

He explained it that way to his helper but in fact Cheongryeo did not completely rule out ‘extreme methods’ even now…

If it is useful use it.

Cheongryeo looked at a face identical to his own without any expression.

“If you were me you wouldn’t know that tea-holic is the biggest obstacle to the mission.”

[is it so.]

The incarnation of the idol readily agreed.

But the smile grew deeper.

[So you should use it.]

“…!”

[Humans easily become lazy without appropriate stimulation and enemies.]

[Only when the competitor right in front of you is so tight that it seems like you can’t reach it you do your best and squeeze every last bit of strength into your work. Giving up on that.]

The incarnation of the idol gave its assessment.

[Because the obstacle disappeared without any sense of reward or accomplishment the four group members would not have learned the pleasure of overcoming it.]

At this time he was so sick of Tea Holic that he chose a convenient and inefficient method.

Unconsciously.

“…”

The expression disappeared from Cheongryeo’s face.

And the incarnation of the idol knew.

This is my face when I hit the nail on the head and understand logically.

It was also something that rarely happened.

[…]

That moment.

‘oh my god.’

Shin Jae-hyun the incarnation of an idol burst into laughter.

Suddenly I understood this situation.

Aren’t you teaching yourself a lesson right now?

‘I’m sure my junior would have done something similar.’

He grinned and muttered.

[At some point I added Judan to the group. Was it something like this?]

The idol incarnation seemed to want to know what his past self meant so he kindly explained.

[This is a story about how I become successful.]

And then he tilted his head slightly as if he was going to talk about something more important…

[ah. Isn’t there something you originally wanted to do?]

“…”

[Try that first. I won’t disturb you this time.]

That’s right.

The reason why Shin Jae-hyun had such a long conversation with his past self whom he had no interest in.

He was taking time to get help to be called at the right time neither too fast nor too slow.

Shin Jae-hyeon recalled the hasty and absurd conversation he had with Park Moon-dae just before.

-The guy with the system at this time… So can you talk to yourself?

-… If possible?

-Then after Big Moon calls me I want Cheongnyeo here to call for ‘help’. No matter if you ask or scold unconditionally.

Shin Jae-hyun accepted the offer.

But he knew himself.

‘It can’t be possible.’

Since he wouldn’t listen to me begging or scolding him he chose to control the situation.

And that was correct.

‘I will try not to be swayed by the opponent’s moves… ’

No matter what you say the more suspicious and worthless it is the more likely Cheongryeo will do what he originally intended to do.

Actually my past self is finally opening his mouth with an expressionless face.

“Help.”

So the system holder called the system.

* * *

Park Moon-dae’s world of imagination.

Two identical figures sitting in the living room turned their gaze when the light outside the window sparkled.

Then beyond the veranda a white line disappears across the fantastic sunset sky of &lt;Magical Boy&gt;.

Visualized separation.

“Shooting star…?”

“It’s a system.”

I said calmly.

As a member of Park Mun-dae I was separated by the big moon and the leftover parts of the system heard the owner’s call and were being pulled out instinctively.

‘Shin Jaehyun succeeded.’

I could feel it because it was still connected.

And the Big Moon guy who was once part of my status window in the system nodded in understanding.

But at the same time I felt anxious.

“So you still feel connected even though you’re as distant from the system as I am?”

“…”

I nodded slightly.

‘You’re more persistent than I thought.’

I thought that if I did this wrong it could end up being connected to me even when I return to reality and then sticking to me like some kind of bouncy ball.

It means that I only thought and spoke reliably.

“But when we return to reality the remaining systems here will have no choice but to fall apart.”

“I guess so…”

Geodal looked out of the living room with a slightly relieved expression.

It seems that my nervousness is greater than the anger that grabbed me by the collar.

“…”

“…”

Above the slightly dark living room the light of a shooting star flashes past us and goes far away.

I don’t know why that disgusting bastard was implemented as a shooting star. But thanks to that it was much more peaceful.

Inside a quiet officetel.

I sat in the living room and slowly opened my mouth.

“…I’m about to go back to reality.”

“Even now my brother is returning to reality. “I called you.”

Is that so? I didn’t know it was because it was so comfortable.

It was definitely a good thing to be able to comfortably go to reality in an officetel with the scenery I saw when I debuted instead of under the pressure of a vicious system.

I guess it’s because this guy called me into the world of imagery.

I saw a large moon and then a shooting star and scenery moving away.

I felt my connection to the system slowly disappearing like a plane taking off.

And the moment you cross the threshold.

Pop.

As the meteor touched the ground from far away I felt a cool sensation.

‘okay.’

The system fell apart.

However something unexpected happened.

“uh?”

Instead of hitting the ground and stopping the meteor bounced off and went in the opposite direction.

further.

“…?”

Big Moon who had been staring blankly opened his mouth.

“The system is going further…”I broke up with my brother.”

“…”

“If you pull the rubber band and break it the remaining piece will pop out to the other side. “It feels that way.”

Let’s see.

I am going from now to the future. Then the system debris that goes to the other side is…

“Are we going further into the past?”

“Maybe.”

After the episodes that Cheongryeo experienced a shooting star passes the horizon and disappears.

Further into the past further into the past.

“How on earth… does that happen?”

It got smaller.

But somewhere it will stop and the system will do crazy things.

It’s as if it clings to me tenaciously even if only fragments remain.

It will try to restore its strength by granting its host’s wishes and extracting its energy.

‘ah.’

I suddenly realized.

Was that what it was in the first place?

“Is that going to be a complete system?”

“yes?”

The guy who fell away from Park Moon-dae who was in charge of personality and intelligence probably has very uncivilized intelligence and raw strength.

And it will slowly recover by switching hosts… and become the high-intelligence system I encountered.

‘And as I fall away I become primordial waste again and fall into the distant past… ’

It was a cycle.

“In time that will be the system we met.”

“ah…”

Big Moon seemed to slowly understand what was being said but then jumped up with a shocked look on his face.

“So you’re saying we created the system now?”

What are you talking about?

“I can’t say I made it. “The original person is going back to the past having become remnants.”

“Uh… I see.”

Just as we cannot tell whether the chicken or the egg came first we are just looking at the process in between.

But one thing was certain.

“That’s why he can’t come to the future anymore.”

When it reaches this point it returns to the starting point.

In other words the system was something complete that was trapped in this time period.

I smiled faintly.

“I guess there’s really nothing to see anymore.”

It was refreshing.

“then…! “It’s really over.”

okay.

Nodding his head Big Moon let out a long sigh of relief.

The guy’s eyes shone with hope.

But ironically the artificial glitches that popped up all over the guy’s body were still there.

‘This is how this guy perceives himself… ’

Just as a scar remains even after the wound heals this means that the influence he received from the system still remains.

“…”

I straightened my feet and sat down.

There is something I felt after becoming part of the system.

‘When I was there I felt like my identity was completely gone.’

It means that you become very vague as if you have been drinking heavily and have no idea where you are or who you are.

That doesn’t mean I’m being emotional.

‘If you’re human you won’t be swayed by unpleasant stimuli.’

Extremely stable condition.

In short it means that it is closer to an egoless AI than a normal human being.

And I finally had a direct understanding of the psyche of someone who had been in that condition for several years.

“Big moon.”

“yes?”

okay.

In the pop-up we saw earlier the modifier for big moon was big moon.

So the nickname not Ryu Geon-woo or Park Moon-dae was his identity and modifier.

All kinds of different descriptions were given to other guys but this guy had none of them.

I eventually asked.

“You… what do you think your name is?”

“yes?”

“Not a nickname like Big Moon.”

“uh…”

The guy scratched his head as if it was something unexpected and answered.

“Well… I like the big moon. I never really thought about having a name. Ah Ryu Geon-woo! “Ryu Geon-woo is using it.”

“…”

“Tongue hyung. Why are you sighing like that? “It’s scary to be in this situation…”

“You did that before.”

I chanted slowly.

“Park Moon-dae doesn’t really sound like your name. And… when you call me you sometimes call me Geonwoo hyung. “I don’t think Ryu Geon-woo is your name.”

Geoldal still had a look on his face as if he didn’t know why I was bringing this up.

“You’re my brother Geon-woo right?”

“For you… it can happen. But actually Ryu Geon-woo is you now.”

“…”

“And if you look at it that way to me you were Park Mun-dae.”

Nothing about that makes any sense and the face just looks very confused.

“Um… I’m not sure why this story is being brought up. Honestly there are a lot of things that are more urgent right now…”

Big Moon groaned.

In the end I smiled bitterly and said this.

“To you too. “I wish Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae were your names.”

“yes…?”

“It means I want you to be a little more greedy about your identity as a person.”

I remembered sharing my view of the overwhelming audience view from the stage with this guy.

That was the meaning I found while living as a student at Testa Park.

I wish this guy could live his own life and share scenes like that.

Even if it’s a photo or a story.

“So… there is no system anymore. As Ryu Geon-woo I wish you would focus more on life as a person. “What do you like and what don’t you like? Think about that as well.”

“…yes.”

Big Moon nodded.

But it seemed like my words still didn’t really reach his ears.

‘still.’

If you keep doing it you will recover.

If you invest time and money something that shouldn’t happen will happen.

And doesn’t this guy have enough time and money to invest now?

‘Let’s not push it too far now and just talk about it like this.’

“after.”

I got up.

And the timing was finally right.

“brother?”

“Now should I go out and pick you up?”

Shin Jae-hyun played his role well.
