---
title: "Chapter 564"
category: "book"
index: 563
section: "Chapter 564"
slug: "564"
---

# Chapter 564

After calling help.

Cheongryeo faced the incarnation of his idol and waited for a response in deep silence.

And the ‘answer’ finally appeared in his field of vision.

Just in an unexpected way.

[■■■■■■■■■■■]

The holographic window which at first glance could have been mistaken for a help chat pop-up blinked a few times but soon after numerous glitches appeared and disappeared.

As if it had passed him by.

“…”

Cheongryeo calls for help again…

[wait.]

The idol incarnate declared.

There is no reason for Cheongryeo to listen to that. So the moment I tried to ignore it and call it again.

Tung.

The two people who were standing facing each other turned their heads together at the unfamiliar sound.

It was the sound of the front door opening.

A person opens the middle door beyond the hallway of the officetel where the floor has turned into black water and a person comes out.

“…!”

A figure with black hair.

Although he was tall he was thin compared to his physique and had a respectable appearance.

It was a familiar face.

This is because he lives in this officetel and is the same person who collapsed on the table in front of Cheongryeo just moments ago.

Ryu Geon-woo debuted as an actor.

The party he had just called.

“Help.”

The man turned his head and looked at Cheongryeo.

And Cheongryeo realized. The impression was somehow different.

The eyes were soft.

Even though it looks like he might suffocate from fatigue at any moment there is no hint of cool-headed reason.

Instead a man with a gentle and wholesome appearance crossed the front door and walked down the hallway with brisk steps.

Just like any other person.

“…”

at that time.

-It’s not that way it’s this way.

A strong voice rang out.

Behind the black-haired man another person opened the door and came in. Bright dyed hair sways as it crosses the threshold.

A blond man with a boyish look.

Park Moon-dae laughed.

-Did you call me?

It was a cool smile over the familiar dry expression.

Movement and speech.

Cheongryeo realized this reflexively.

This is help.

[The figure has returned.]

-uh.

Park Moon-dae omitted the statement ‘This is an image world you created with your GM abilities so isn’t it just a manifestation of the image you are familiar with?’

Instead he waved his hand at the incarnation of his idol.

-It’s all over.

[…]

Before the system goes further back in time and your GM abilities disappear as well.

…More than anything because Park Moon-dae himself gritted his teeth desperately and held on for this moment to come.

I couldn’t delay any longer.

-Let’s go back.

Shin Jae-hyeon the incarnation of an idol chuckled.

[What I have to say.]

He walked forward without hesitation. that

Wherever the footsteps touched a parabola spread across the water. Until it reaches the toes of Cheongryeo standing across from her.

“…”

Cheongryeo watched the scene silently and opened her mouth.

And I asked a fundamental question toward the help that appeared in an unfamiliar way.

“Who are you?”

Park Mun-dae looked at Cheongryeo.

-brother. Our time…

-know.

In fact there was no time or space to explain this situation.

But I can leave this saying.

He grinned.

-Members of four rival groups.

We will meet soon.

Then I turned around again and walked towards the front door.

Watching the movement Cheongnyeo became conscious of the other person’s clothing for the first time.

Shiny accessories and long walkers are too much to use comfortably in everyday life. Well-set blonde hair.

And the outfit of a white shirt and shiny black leather pants was familiar to Cheongnyeo as well.

stage costumes.

‘ah.’

Cheongryeo suddenly realized.

It was an idol’s outfit.

-See you again.

Just like that the three people opened the front door side by side and exited the past.

“after.”

Park Moon-dae exhaled.

I returned to the officetel in the imaginary world where the fantastic sunset from “Magical Boy” unfolded beyond the black front door.

He heard Shin Jaehyun mumbling.

“It’s too bad but I don’t remember your junior’s declaration of rivalry. “Because I deleted the information.”

“…From where to where.”

“Junior so… everything related to ‘help’.”

It meant that he exercised his GM authority for the last time in erasing his past memories.

Shin Jae-hyeon’s choice was reasonable because too many crazy situations occurred to leave it as is.

‘Even so this is a virtual world or data inside the system.’

Park Moon-dae said it out loud without even thinking about it.

And surprisingly this answer came back.

“hmm? no. “The past is correct.”

“…??”

“So it’s better that I erased my own memory than to create unnecessary variables.”

Park Mun-dae stopped in shock.

‘It was really the past?’

Meeting Cheongryeo meeting Joo Dan and even debuting as an actor with a ridiculous stage name all those things really happened?

‘oh my god.’

My head was dizzy.

But he soon calmly took his steps again.

No matter what he did he erased everything from Cheongryeo’s memory anyway.

‘Besides if I restart everything I did will be in vain.’

It was a bit empty but I also felt fortunate.

However Shin Jae-hyeon’s words were not finished.

“But… even if you don’t remember it it will remain in your subconscious. “It must have been a very special episode.”

“…!”

So if you repeat the restart again and again the unconsciousness will naturally become a hint for new development.

Also about Tea Holic.

Also about casting.

“Hmm I don’t think it will affect me slightly.”

Just as the slightest touch on the direction control lever of a speeding airplane changes the route it takes.

“…”

‘Is that so?’

Park Moon-dae seemed to have now realized the reason why Cheongryeo’s characteristic ’emotion’ fell from S in the past to A in the present.

Cheongnyeo… Over time you will come to accept that it is sometimes necessary to reconsider your judgment.

Like appointing a member of the main group.

“You will be wiser.”

“Of course.”

Shin Jaehyun smiled.

“In the end we develop the habit of starting over even when we think we will succeed in order to create a perfect group without a single blemish.”

“…”

“You quit after meeting your junior right?”

How clumsy?

Park Mun-dae shrugged his shoulders.

“So… what are your thoughts on seeing yourself in the past?”

“Now that I can see it with my own eyes I can understand it again.”

“Is it better to quit now than to be able to restart again?”

Shin Jae-hyun stared at Park Moon-dae without expression.

But soon he burst into laughter.

“that’s right.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae also smiled.

I didn’t feel bad.

Keoldal who was watching the scenery outside the living room with a more at ease look heard a shout from behind him.

“We’ll be there any minute now!”

“okay.”

Park Moon-dae took a deep breath.

It seemed like I could see familiar faces beyond.

* * *

The first thing I grabbed was a firm hand.

“brother.”

I blinked.

And then I realized who the owner of the hand was.

“Brother Cheongwoo.”

I grabbed his hand and pulled myself up.

Relief joy and a bit of overwhelming emotion passed over his face.

And then screams cheers and groans erupted. I expected such a warm welcome…

“ah.”

“Are you out of your mind? “Are you crazy?”

“I was scared that I wouldn’t be able to come back…!”

puck. Puk puk.

Fists and hand blades rain down mercilessly on my back.

‘Please save me.’

I’m going to fall down again.

Of course that won’t happen. Because I know that these guys are like this because they were all extremely worried.

“I’m so glad…”

“…”

I happily decided to endure it.

“Is there anything wrong with Park Moon-dae’s body? “Check it now.”

“Hmm I’m fine.”

It only hurts where you hit. Instead of answering Keun Se-jin like that I gave him a serious reply.

Bae Se-jin grinned with a flushed face.

“If it had been a little later I would have tried pouring ice water on it.”

“…”

I’m glad I woke up before that.

“Mu water! It’s Mundae. “Drink water…!”

“ah!”

To be honest I wasn’t that thirsty but I calmly drank the water that Sun Ah-hyeon offered me and checked the time.

5\:30 PM.

The sun was slowly setting.

And looking at the state of my body it was clear that less than a day had passed since I collapsed.

‘thank god.’

It is true that the flow of time is different.

Personally I was curious as to how these guys gave their blessings but…

“It would be best to go to the hospital right away.”

“Let’s do that.”

“…”

Since it seemed like I had a lot of work to do I decided not to ask for now.

I accepted the candy that Cha Yu-jin who had a calm face offered me while using advanced Korean to say ‘Supplement your sugar.’

As expected he is quick-witted and calm…

“Brother I completely respect your privacy. But my brother’s SF stuff is an exception. “We have to share.”

“…”

“This is for emergencies.”

Are you coming?

I willingly shared the facts with the guys who all stopped talking and turned around.

truth.

“I don’t have any SF stuff anymore. “It’s all over.”

“…!”

Speaking itself was thrilling.

Of course the reaction was like this.

“Really??”

“…If something strange happens again are you going to say something else?”

“Mundae. “Can you swear on the testa?”

I really can’t believe it.

“Oh really.”

I popped the candy into my mouth.

The sweet taste of apple spread in my mouth.

“I… I threw it all away.”

Now I have no system.

Debris status ailments and control.

And the compulsion to use useless systems has disappeared.

The system that used to eat hot and cold bean sprouts was no longer clean.

I grinned and savored the taste of the candy.

“Now I just have to work hard on my activities.”

“…!!”

Only after Geoldal had verified several times that what I said was true did they acknowledge this fact in both exasperation and joy.

…I was sorry and thankful.

And that evening.

I finally returned to my dorm and found my bed.

‘I missed you so much.’

I massaged my doll with my hands and lifted the tablet PC.

“The experience of mistaking my brother’s bed for my spare bed and then feeling logically strange was truly terrifying!”

“…sorry.”

I’m serious.

After apologizing to my roommate I lay in bed for a while and monitored the Internet.

-Mundaeng… Anyway it’s like I’m not a collection (video)

-Open for business. Come see the 50-second fancam of the legendary Park Moon-dae.

Testa Park Mun-dae was there well.

I also heard that the whole world forgot about me but when I came back the symptoms seemed to have disappeared.

‘No one realized it had happened in the first place.’

Of course I honestly got goosebumps when I looked at the records that naturally treated me like I was nobody.

-6 testers please let’s stay like this forever

At the same time I felt relieved.

Because I came back well so it wouldn’t end like this.

To my seat.

“Then while listening to the demo of the song I was working on I noticed my brother’s absence. Thanks to the extremely wide vocal range and expressive tone it was easy to recall the characteristics of someone who could sing the song…”

“Ravin.”

“yes?”

“thanks.”

“…??”

I patted Raebin Kim’s head.

And after monitoring we spent time watching Testa’s group entertainment.

For your information the other members weren’t as upset or angry as they were when the building collapsed. Even the big guy with an unappealing face just acted like he always did.

‘Are you being considerate of my mental and physical stability?’

Instead he brought snacks and sat down next to me and we lay down and watched TV together.

The most recent Testa own content.

[Lee Se-jin\: Oh please God of archery.]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: Hahaha.]

On the screen Testa is throwing a dart. The purpose was to choose a song to perform while wearing funny makeup on the streets of an overseas country.

Of course I’m in it too.

[Lee Se-jin\: Aaaaa!!]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Archery God! Archery God! ohhhhhh!]

[Park Moon-dae\: Are you good at all long-distance attacks?]

Ryu Cheong-woo hit the center of the dart and won a huge song keyword called ‘Last Year’s Billboard No. 1 Song’ and then I threw the dart to set the date.

And I chose a famous song.

The song is famous for its addictive chorus that whispers as if possessed by a ghost. It was a gloomy song full of ambition to catch a betrayed lover and send him to hell.

But this should be sung in the carol version.

[Lee Se-jin\:…]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\:…]

[Cha Yu-jin\: Moon Dae-hyung I really have no luck.]

[Park Moon-dae\: I guess so.]

“Hahaha!”

[Park Moon-dae\: (Singing sweetly that I’m going to kill you)]

[Bae Se-jin\: I never thought I would succeed in turning this song into a carol…]

[Raebin Kim\: Thank you!]

[Bae Se-jin\: (A person who cannot bear to say that it was not a compliment)]

[Bae Se-jin\: Thank you…]

“Sigh.”

It was funny and comfortable as always.

What happened was that each member was so unique that everyone could see who was who.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Then I will play Rudolph…!]

[PD\: Because you are a deer?]

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: ! (Enlightenment)]

“It’s the truth.”

“okay. There’s nothing to be ashamed of. “Ahyeon.”

“Thank you…”

That was fine.

I looked back on Testa’s activities until that night.

…It was fun. really.

After a few days of coordination between members Testa briefly stopped external activities and took a break to practice.

It was to help me regain the sense of choreography and choreography that I may have forgotten while I was stuck in the past.

‘I will recover within a week.’

I gritted my teeth and recovered and meanwhile the end of the year was approaching.

And there was a day to meet before that.

December 15th.

It’s Park Moon-dae’s birthday.
