---
title: "Chapter 565"
category: "book"
index: 564
section: "Chapter 565"
slug: "565"
---

# Chapter 565

Choreographic rehabilitation went smoothly.

Anyway my body was only stretched out for half a day. So all I had to do was bring back the part that I had forgotten about in the past half a year.

‘It took just one day to put together the choreography for the event.’

…Of course I felt a bit dizzy when I realized that the half-day stretch of space was the JSA military visitation room.

‘I thought this guy’s military life was going to hell.’

However I remained calm.

-It’s nothing to worry about but hmmm… If you’re so sorry should you just do me a favor to ease the burden on your heart?

-What is it?

-I wish you could listen to this Testa album before it is released.

Dismissed.

‘Where are you going to eat raw?’

I almost fell over trying to retrieve your fragment. Have you left your conscience in the past?

In any case as he was calm the controversy over Cheongryeo’s ‘celebrity preferential treatment’ is not on the chopping block and is quiet.

It means that it was blocked like an iron bar.

‘What a bastard he is.’

My teeth grind when I think about meeting the VTIC who will be discharged next year. Before that I once again made it a point to make a proper annual plan.

Thinking about the competing groups made my head spin.

Now that I think about it I also remember that there is one more person in that position who belongs to a competing group other than Testa.

Even though it was a video call.

-I’m so glad brother… Wow I’m really excited… I’m going to drink beer with the kids today.

-But I thought I was watching some kind of movie. You know that space movie? Was it Inter

Gold 2 Heeseung Kwon.

In the meantime it seems like he remembered me and stuck around even making a video call saying he wanted to help me in any way possible.

-Now that I think about it our group name sounds the most like space. Spacer…

-…??

Even though I became more and more relaxed and started talking more and more in a stream of consciousness.

Anyway he was relieved about my condition and left to do his schedule.

Since we are in the same agency I really plan to do something for this guy.

Then what do you plan to do to Testa who is in the same group and went down to the level of Goddess and saved my life?

…Of course I had a plan.

“One more time!”

“okay.”

There is no time. This is because these guys are now fully cooperating with my choreographic rehabilitation.

‘It’s a bit excessive.’

Recently it seems like we’re all practicing together almost at the level of a team training camp like &lt;Azusa&gt;.

It’s true that this is the best way to coordinate group dance but honestly I feel like I’m wasting too much of their time.

“Okay it fits perfectly now.”

“uh. “I think I can do it alone now.”

“Oh~ Are you getting into the habit of trying to do everything on your own again?”

“…”

I kept my mouth shut.

It seems like this big guy is craving someone every hour but I can’t say anything to refute him. Isn’t it true that I almost fell?

‘Let’s think about the price of his life and be thankful.’

When I think of the people who persistently looked into me and showered me with blessings my anger subsides.

Besides this guy keeps his mouth shut like this but he is a bit dedicated and cooperative when it comes to choreography practice so I guess that’s why.

If I feel better I’ll quit. I leisurely drank water.

Of course this peace of mind probably comes from the disappearance of the system.

I recalled how Ryu Geon-woo in other words checked me before parting ways and declared in a trembling voice\:

-Nothing at all. brother. Clean… gone!

-… okay.

It was refreshing.

One thing that’s a bit disappointing is that you can’t chat with him telepathically but that’s something modern civilization can do.

‘It’s not like putting your smartphone on a barbecue and eating it.’

Since then we have been exchanging greetings through phone calls and messages.

-Brother I paid my annual leave and came to Sokcho to have fun! The winter sea is pretty so take a picture and send it to me.

Ryu Geon-woo seems to be doing well.

“Thank you for your hard work~”

“thank you.”

By the time about three days had passed I had easily caught up with the practice of the specially arranged version of the new song for the year-end performance.

There were photo shoots in between but there was no need for rehabilitation. Because this is what I did while working as an actor.

However when I explained this fact some members were embarrassed.

“Wait a minute so it all felt like real time to you?”

“Of course.”

“You really debuted as an actor?”

“yes.”

Still Bae Se-jin seemed a little excited for some reason. After that every time we had a break he would talk about this topic subtly.

Other than that the schedule was being organized smoothly without any surprises.

Testa Park Moon-dae’s life gradually returned to normal again.

…Maybe it’s quicker because it doesn’t take a day or two to get back to your daily life after being treated like such nonsense by the system.

Anyway.

‘It’s peaceful.’

Break time. I lay down on the floor of the dance practice room and blinked.

It was extremely comfortable except that the sense of stability made people feel tired.

Ryu Cheong-woo and Cha Yu-jin voluntarily went to buy drinks to get some fresh air so after putting an iced coffee in the spout you can drink cold water again and practice like a sober person.

Sweet.

“I’m back.”

Oh and just then the door opens and two guys come in.

A carrier with a drink in my hand… no.

‘That looks like some kind of box.’

He was holding a cuboid wrapped in wrapping paper.

As I was wondering about that the box was suddenly pushed in front of my eyes.

“…??”

It was large but no one could tell that it was the size of an Americano.

‘What is it?’

As I reflexively stood up Ryu Cheng-wu who held out the box opened his mouth.

“Mundae. happy birthday.”

“…”

ah.

I see. Today was… the day before Park Moon-dae’s birthday.

‘Did you pretend to go out on purpose to bring a gift?’

Sure enough there was no drink in Cha Yu-jin’s hand as he came in behind him. Instead something huge and packaged is held in both hands.

Moreover the other guys also sneaked back and took out something so it looked like the two bulky guys were going out to get it without being noticed.

“…thank you.”

I accepted the gift box handed out by Liu Chengwu.

When I opened it what was inside was a dart.

This is a customized product of the same dart that we used to select performance songs in the last entertainment show.

My signature sparkled in the reflected light at the end of the yellow and wooden dart.

“Actually I was thinking about giving it to my brother on the 8th his birthday… but I thought the fans would like it better if I gave it to them all during the celebration period.”

And Ryu Cheong-wu grinned saying that he thought it was a good idea to wait.

“…”

It was correct.

“Let’s use these darts well until we beat you.”

“of course.”

The guy who was good at all long-distance attacks happily answered. I chuckled.

“OK. Now accept my gift!”

And from that moment the gifts they prepared started pouring in.

“doll?”

“Yeees.”

The gift Cha Yu-jin gave me was just like porcelain.

It was an oversized tiger doll wearing sunglasses.

I can already see the future. This is public. I’ll be using it as a cushion under the living room sofa.

“…I heard you like apples. “They say it also has that apple scent.”

“Oh I bought one with apples in it too~”

Bae Se-jin gave her a diffuser from a brand she said she often uses and Keun Se-jin gave her a brand of sweatshirt. It had a comfortable texture printed with a picture of a large apple.

It was kind of fun to see these guys pick a similar theme every time and go through the opposite process.

“…dress well. “Mundaemun University.”

“thanks.”

I chose the sweatshirt as my practice uniform.

And the next guy…

“If you would just give me a little time…!”

“It’s not your birthday yet Ravin.”

For reference Kim Rae-bin who was standing hesitantly behind him stopped him because he looked like he was going to bow loudly saying ‘I’m still preparing.’

“Here.”

Lastly Sun Ah-hyun gave a set of icing cookies along with a muffler.

The surprising thing is… the latter was also handmade.

“Seon Ah-hyun made it?”

“…! “Ahyeon?”

“I only did the decorations…!”

“phew.”

Why do you look visibly relieved?

‘Funny guys.’

And so the gift giving ceremony came to an end.

“I’ll say it again happy birthday Mundae.”

I looked at the bundles of presents that were difficult to lift with both hands and then I looked at the wrapping paper strewn on the floor.

‘When did you even bother giving this away in the dance practice room when you were going to clean it up again?’

Of course I know why.

Because it’s a birthday celebration.

I guess they did it to create a special feeling.

I probably tried to make it as fun as possible taking into account my mental stability and stability.

“Let’s make the cake tomorrow.”

“…yes.”

“Flavor is a secret. “Even if Moon Dae asks me I don’t answer.”

“okay.”

So I returned home to my dorm with a bag full of unexpected gifts.

Is it because all these things have happened in just half a year or is it because I really thought I might die?

Strangely enough the feeling of elation did not go away.

‘What is this?’

It’s not like any concert.

Even the happy birthday messages that were already posted on my social media timeline upon arriving at my accommodation added to that feeling of elation.

-A star born in winter and as beautiful as snow (photo)

-I’m glad Park Moon-dae is in the world so the end of the year isn’t cold (curled puppy meme)

There are overflowing with various writings and photos of people with different personalities and speaking styles.

All those different expressions ultimately meant happy birthday to me.

“…”

Eventually I sat down at my desk and started typing on the keyboard.

For a slightly early birthday letter.

-Hello Lover.

I’m at Mundae

Adding a dog emoticon to the end completes the sentence that I always use.

It felt awkward but not bad to see that so many people shared the feeling that this formula was familiar.

-Now just by reading the first line you feel like me. You’ve been writing like this ever since you debuted. I would be proud if Park Moon-dae immediately came to mind.

I hesitated and added the next line.

-And this is a letter that Mundae sends to Loveure in commemoration of his birthday.

A letter written by Park Moon-dae.

What follows is the way of speaking and writing that befits the image of Testa Park Moon-dae that I have created since my debut.

It means that I tried with all my might to appear naturally gentle.

-How was the time you spent with me this year?

I really liked it and I wish Lover would do the same.

First I will leave evidence that I liked it. Ta-da.

Now the idol’s speaking style that comes out comfortably has even come to a natural conclusion.

‘Now if I attach a photo behind this… ’

“…”

I paused for a moment.

I know fans will actually like the photo better.

This time though.

-Perhaps normally I would attach a photo taken with the members here and visit Loveviewer through a live broadcast but today I’m going to try something a little different.

as soon as.

-Continue writing.

I wrote down what came to mind more honestly and at length than before.

– Lover.

I am happy because I am Testa’s Park Mun-dae.

When performing on stage practicing or performing a concert it is very fun and enjoyable to show something to Lover after going through a difficult and difficult process.

I want to stay as Testa for a long time.

I like the members and I like the album we are making.

No I didn’t intend to write this honestly.

I almost stopped typing because I was a little embarrassed by the way the text was written but I got over the embarrassment and continued writing.

Even if I change it later I wanted to write it down right now.

-Sometimes when we take a vacation and leave the Testa accommodation we feel… empty or even regretful.

(Please keep this a secret.)

After talking about such ridiculously embarrassing things I finally get to the main point that I really wanted to write.

-And there is the most important thing.

Above all I am happy that there are lovers who read this long article to this point.

As for who it is.

-You.

The one who will read this article.

-Today there is someone who is happy that I am in this world and congratulates me. It’s unbelievable.

Actually it’s a good thing that I wasn’t born on this day.

I just realized… it was uplifting to see people celebrating and celebrating my birth.

So much so that these embarrassing sounds keep coming out.

-It’s a bit embarrassing but I really wanted to tell you.

I pressed down hard on the keyboard and completed what I wrote.

And I endured the screaming.

“…are you crazy?”

Since my debut no not since I was born I have never written something with such early morning emotion.

‘Not even teenagers.’

I covered my eyes and fell asleep.

But… but.

“…”

‘I don’t want to reduce it.’

I finally took my hands off the keyboard.

And then I pressed Save.

Finally a few hours later midnight.

The article was uploaded without modification.

-So… for this reason I want to continue to live according to your idol’s style.

Thank you always. And I love you.

With the last phrase.

– Testa Park Mun-dae to Loveviewer

* * *

“Mundaemun University.”

“what.”

“To post such a confession on the internet even though it’s a secret from the members is truly a feat worthy of an idol.”

“…”

“Lovers are going crazy about how cute they are… Oh! Ouch! No praise! “It’s a compliment Mundaemundae!”

It’s noisy.

I quickly fled to the room before the others joined the ranks… no I made a strategic retreat.

‘after.’

Fortunately Kim Rae-bin was almost absorbed into the PC while working on a song and I was able to successfully lock the door and sit on the bed.

‘Maybe I should have left out the member sounds.’

…Well it wasn’t bad to see the big guy running around like before.

I decided to enjoy a moment of silence remembering that in a little while the people who came would see this and start laughing and talking.

Actually that wasn’t the only message I sent at midnight.

widely.

I turned on my smartphone and checked the message I had sent earlier.

-Happy birthday.

-Park Moon-dae wishes Ryu Geon-woo to always be happy and joyful.

It was a text message sent to Keundal.

The Park Mun-dae I know. To the guy who is now Ryu Geon-woo.

‘I probably received congratulations from my acquaintances on Ryu Geon-woo’s birthday on December 8th… ’

Still wouldn’t it be a different experience to receive congratulations on the same day as someone who knows your original birthday?

Just like I did before.

“…”

And there was a reply to that text.

-thank you.

It’s short but you might want to start there.

I smiled and closed the text message.

Around the time I was so briefly lost in sentiment.

“Hyung Moon Dae!”

I’m surprised.

Before I knew it I had taken off my headset and made eye contact with Raebin Kim who was looking this way.

for a moment.

‘I’m sure this guy doesn’t plan on making fun of me either.’

But I’m sorry for doubting this. This was the business he had called me for.

“Here… I just finished the last one!”

“…this.”

“This is a song about my older brother.”

I accepted the headset held out by the squinty-eyed guy.

A sound that delicately resonates in your ears comes out of the laptop through the score.

“…”

“It’s a birthday present!”

wait for a sec.

I really appreciate it and it’s a gift that’s almost touching even for someone like me but is this… my solo song?

“Oh I didn’t compose it specifically but… there are a few parts I want Moon Dae to sing. For example here…”

“for a moment.”

“…?”

“So… this is a song you just made as you wanted without any restrictions.”

“Yes!”

“…”

I rubbed my chin.

“Ravin.”

“yes?”

“This is it.”

“…?”

The next comeback theme has been decided.
