---
title: "Chapter 566"
category: "book"
index: 565
section: "Chapter 566"
slug: "566"
---

# Chapter 566

I declared.

“…So we quickly gathered a test team.”

Clap clap clap…

Raebin Kim was clapping alone but stopped when he noticed.

The other members are all sitting at the kitchen table with expressions like ‘??’ written on their faces.

“suddenly…?”

“hmm. “Do you want to go on a trip?”

no.

“It’s about an album.”

At that moment everyone had a look of ‘yes that’s right’ on their faces.

However in that they don’t get angry they are truly a group of workaholics. I nodded with inner satisfaction.

For reference this is how the members react after using their heads after this spinal reflex.

“…wait for a sec. “We already have plans for the album.”

“I know. “The schedule would be early next year.”

That’s right. In fact work on Testa’s next album was already in progress.

This is because the previous title ‘Hunting’ was a mini album not a full-length album so it was time to release a full-length album.

That was set for early to mid next year.

‘Of course it’s normal not to go this hard.’

As this year approaches there are many cases where I wonder whether or not I should make a comeback once a year in order to minimize image consumption.

Well… actually it’s not just a problem of image consumption.

‘The company doesn’t invest.’

There is no longer a need to be as aggressive as when growing a group. This is because a successful group can leisurely eat away at the recognition and fan base it has already built up.

So all the producing staff with proven planning skills are taken away to develop new talent and things like that.

In fact didn’t we almost get hit when we were part of T1?

‘Of course that doesn’t happen now because we share the shares in this company.’

After all money is the best. It’s as hearty as soup.

Anyway I nodded and opened my mouth.

The album comes out next year. but.

“But before that something came up that I wanted to do.”

Then suddenly several members swallowed their saliva.

‘…?’

What is it?

“…I wonder if there will be some kind of controversy!?”

“Gosh… Are you sure we can’t win the grand prize?”

“…”

Even Sun Ah-hyun nodded at me with a serious expression.

“It’s radish. “If a problem arises… it would be best to talk about it together first and then respond.”

“…”

Are you wondering if this is karma?

So far every opinion I have expressed has been linked to politics to escape the crisis. I understand.

But this time is different.

I rubbed my cheek.

“Actually this is not an opinion based on grades or goals like before.”

“…?”

“It’s been like that every time so far so I want to try something a little different this time.”

Big Sejin who had been listening quietly opened his mouth.

“What if it’s something else?”

“I just thought it would be nice if we did what we wanted to do.”

“…!”

“Without any other calculations.”

This is because I realized something after experiencing a recent incident.

‘It is true that the members of this group come together incredibly well.’

It would be rare to find a team where everyone is passionate about group activities and has unique personalities who don’t cross the line and get along well every day.

But to be honest if even those guys are active at this level isn’t it likely that they will burn out at least once and say ‘Yes I won’t do it.’

‘No matter how good a person you are if you keep doing the same thing you can’t help but feel a moment of skepticism.’

I’ve been working at the same job for 7 years but I’m always passionate about my work and always feel motivated? You have to wonder if he drank the medicine.

‘But Testa is doing that now.’

…And in my opinion the reason why no one shows their skepticism about work even for a moment is because there is another stimulus.

It’s simple.

‘It’s because I keep falling over.’

From car accidents to time-traveling virtual worlds and even being trapped in a collapsing building.

At this point wouldn’t working in the entertainment industry be like a sweet drink? Now that I’ve come back from the dead I’m sure you’ll be mistaken like that.

It’s funny that there are good things about such strange experiences but…

‘But that’s over now.’

Now that the system is gone the most frustrating and frustrating situations we will ever experience will come out of activity.

I thought it would be good to take some time to reorganize my mind before that.

“I hope you don’t be too analytical and just try activities that you like.”

“…”

“That’s it. Of course if you object I will give in.”

Everyone was silent for a moment probably not expecting something like this to come out.

okay. I knew it wasn’t the right thing for me to say. I have to bring out all the words I have prepared and really persuade them…

“okay. “I think it will be fun work!”

No I will cancel. One guy immediately jumped out with his hand raised. It was Kim Rae-bin.

As expected of a guy with no sense…

‘for a moment.’

I looked at the guy’s expression again.

Raebin Kim was making a puzzled expression with slightly red ears.

It was a common gesture when risking some embarrassment.

“…”

okay. Everyone is keeping their mouths shut but there’s no way they won’t notice.

I just quickly responded that I would support my opinion.

‘…a naive guy.’

However the unexpected things did not end there.

“Oh Kim Raebin you’re fast! I like it too. None of us have strange tastes. are you okay.”

“…That’s true. “There won’t be anything you can’t use.”

Following Cha Yu-jin Bae Se-jin also responded with interest after thinking about it carefully naturally heightening the atmosphere.

Even guys who say strange things.

“I also want to follow my heart at least once… and do it together…! My answer was a little late because I didn’t know how to talk about this. “It’s a door.”

“I know. “It’s a little strange but… I think it’s really nice that you decided to try something like this.”

“…thank you.”

Once answers began to emerge opinions quickly gathered.

I was a little embarrassed.

‘…I thought I’d have to convince you.’

It was just recently that I almost ended up alone.

I thought that if I suddenly acted out of the ordinary like this I would naturally have to persuade those who were more suspicious through various logic.

And Big Sejin also smiled and opened his mouth.

“Me too~ To be honest I never thought Park Moon-dae of the world would say something like this.”

hey.

‘You have different nuances don’t you?’

However Big Sejin also shrugged his shoulders and opened his mouth with a smile.

“Well I still believe that Mundae won’t do anything harmful to the group.”

“…!”

“Is that so?”

Suddenly I looked around.

Everyone seemed to have no reason to refute Big Sejin’s words.

I can be sure when I see Cha Yu-jin shouting ‘Yes’ with a sad face.

‘ah.’

I see.

And then I realized.

I don’t know anything else but the belief that I won’t make a choice that will have a negative impact on this group… seems to have been built up well so far.

“Right Mundaemun University?”

“…of course.”

…I was thankful.

While I was a little impressed Big Sejin smiled and continued.

“Just give it a try without regrets.”

“okay.”

“what. “You all know that if you don’t get the Cultural Merit anyway Brother Sejin will be going to the military next year right?”

“…”

“…”

“So before that let’s do it without any regrets.”

Bae Se-jin nodded with a blank expression. I touched my forehead.

‘I guess you wanted to object.’

Keun Se-jin smiled wryly as he said ‘First of all everyone is responding well and you’re good at your job so I’ll give it a try but you know that activities that don’t produce results at this point are meaningless.’

What’s surprising though is that he didn’t actually object until the end.

That made me think about many things.

“good. Then if the company says it can afford it let’s do it.”

“yes!”

Liu Chengwu’s words concluded.

I looked around.

The now familiar friendly gazes were looking at me.

These guys… have a way of getting people excited unnecessarily.

So I declared more cheerfully than I expected.

“Let’s do everything we want to do.”

* * *

Everyone is busy at the end of the year and the beginning of the year.

Of course Testa was also busy running around and attending music programs and award ceremonies.

-Raebin Kim’s intro was ripped (Rabbit Hole performance video)

-Lemon Music Awards Park Moon-dae (1) (photo)

-T-One guys look at how they don’t even call Testa. It’s disgusting haha.

└I think I’ll be grinding my teeth after seeing Testa’s ending performance on SBC.

Content poured in every week. A new remix stage fresh solo intro and performance! People were happy.

Testa seemed to have gritted his teeth and prepared special stages as usual and that alone was enough to fill his stomach.

-Good new year~ January is my favorite month~

-Ah the AAB test isn’t coming out this time? Okay bye…

Anyone could see that it was impossible to produce new content in this situation at the same time. And no one is thirsty for content.

‘It hasn’t even been that long since our comeback!’

There was no demand or expectation from fans.

That was the situation.

One day when I was in the middle of chatting after watching the testimonials at the awards ceremony a music video suddenly popped out without warning.

-Hey something popped up!!

Park Moon-dae’s first homemaker blinked as he hurriedly looked at his smartphone leaving behind the photo he was editing when a friend from graduate school contacted him.

There really was something floating around in the notification.

[TeSTAR ‘Epic’ Official MV]

“…Epic?”

It was a term that seemed to be attached to hip-hop survival or mobile game items.

Considering that the former is usually used to express a strong and unique self and the latter is used to reinforce the concept of a ‘precious item’…

‘hmm. It’s like Testa.’

As expected from Testa it seemed like something strong and conceptual had come out again.

‘Now that I think about it it’s like Testa that comes out of nowhere.’

It has now become quite a tradition.

Homma thought so but closed her eyes for a moment.

‘Mundae it would be nice if there was a lot of content… but you can save the good stuff.’

For the off-season.

‘If it is distributed incorrectly it may only lose popularity… ’

However she couldn’t hold back her curiosity about something that had already come out so of course she had already pressed play.

‘It won’t be a regular album but a pre-release or something like a collaboration.’

I expected it to be something that had to be revealed now.

Talk.

The screen started with the clear sound of water.

The emotional video with a retro 4\:3 aspect ratio began with a cut of Ryu Cheong-woo’s upper body who seemed to be asleep while leaning on a chair.

What the thin sunlight illuminates in the background is… a brown tent.

‘hmm?’

That’s right. Liu Chengwu was lying on a chair in a huge leather tent that looked more like something used in modern times than modern camping.

“uh…”

Homma admitted. I think the concept was right.

‘Now if only a strong song comes out… ’

However the accompaniment that began to play was a bright and cheerful sound that was pleasant to listen to.

Classic guitar sound.

“…!!”

Rather than being soft a country-style sound that bounces like a pulsating sound finds its note.

In the middle of it all the drums come in as if they are overwhelming.

With Ryu Cheong-woo’s speaking vocals.

[The heavy yesterday was

It felt like it would never end

perfect today

It never came.]

And in the screen the person stands up from the chair and looks at the desk.

Above the scattered maps telescopes inkwells books and lamps a single piece of paper is pinned to a board.

-Citizenship certificate

And flashback cuts that quickly pass by in time with the rhythm.

A book recording shooting arrows and monsters a red-haired figure hanging on a running steam locomotive a newspaper and a wanted badge…

It seemed like the flow was just telling me that I was ‘reminiscing’ but I recognized the first homma.

These are already familiar images.

“…!”

These are the retro-edited MV cuts of &lt;Travel&gt; and.

With a final flashback to Cha Yu-jin’s outstretched hand the screen again shows Ryu Cheong-woo smiling quietly.

[okay

Even though there is no perfection now

End of yesterday beginning of today]

“…!!”

At that moment Homma realized.

‘This is… &lt;Travel&gt; Liu Chengwu!’

That’s right.

Ryu Cheong-woo on screen was a man on a high-value wanted badge who realized that he was a monster through the storyline of &lt;Train&gt;.

-I’m in charge of this… monster friend.

-I would like to know a little about what choices this friend made afterward.

Choices reflecting Ryu Cheong-woo’s ‘what he wants to do’ were unfolding on the screen.

[Stepping onto new land

No excuses or hesitation]

Tent telescope map.

Liu Chengwu walks out of the tent.

At the end of the monster who was converted by Cha Yu-jin and became a citizen was leaving to pioneer a new unknown land.
