---
title: "Chapter 567"
category: "book"
index: 566
section: "Chapter 567"
slug: "567"
---

# Chapter 567

The music video unfolded seamlessly as if it were one take.

It is a simple story line that shows Ryu Cheong-woo from &lt;Training&gt; leaving the tent and looking around the base camp of the frontier and the camera follows him excitedly as if introducing camp members here and there.

A camp for adventurers exploring the new world!

‘Indiana X…?’

The atmosphere is set by costumes and props reminiscent of classic adventure movies.

-My grandfather often showed me this when I was young! In situations where commercial value is not important there are elements that I would like to try at least once.

It was Kim Rae-bin’s wish.

He cataloged all kinds of classic adventure genre fodder including gas lanterns old maps pocket watches and fountain pens.

Thanks to this elements of classic adventure were added to the costume at an exquisite level that was not excessive.

The members were caught on camera one after another wearing long leather walkers linen shirts bomber jackets and metal badges.

Moon-dae Park is sitting bored holding a telescope and smiling slightly at the camera Rae-bin Kim is drawing a map with a fountain pen then crumples it up and throws it away Cheong-woo Ryu is checking a firearm…

And even Seon Ah-hyeon who takes care of Jeon Seo-gu who places a white bird in his hand.

-How about a cheerful and bright atmosphere…?

As Sun Ah-hyun wished the video was set on a bright and beautiful day.

The screen was full of vitality hope ambition and adventure.

And as the song progressed the members became more dynamic.

For example the chorus part.

Bae Se-jin who was sitting on a stump and looking at a journal while wearing old-fashioned glasses slowly walks out and naturally performs choreography to the song with the dancers who joined her.

[I turn the page

Go to the next chapter

The guidance shines

Pain becomes a guide]

However the elements he added were conveyed to the ears not the eyes.

These lyrics.

-It would be nice if the lyrics had a sense of moving into the future but were not overly optimistic and felt realistic…

-So I’m not saying that life is wonderful but it’s hard but I thought it would be nice to feel like I’m going to go for it… I’ll write it down like that.

Thanks to this the song talks about hope while looking back deeply at the past.

But I also acknowledge the pain.

[Let me tempt fate

Beyond the milestones and crossroads

Struggling

[Go just one step further]

So overall there was a hint of strong emotion somewhere.

[Towards the limit]

As the pages of Bae Se-jin’s diary flutter into the sky and fall the camera races again and passes between her outstretched hands as if giving a high-five.

And as my field of vision widened wilderness mountain fields forests blue skies and nature with floating clouds began to appear in the background.

The members exude their parts in a way that overflows within the narrow screen ratio.

Sitting on top of a huge rock sometimes hanging out in a colorful hammock between the trees…

“uh?”

Homma frowned feeling a strange sense of déjà vu. And I soon found out why.

This is because each member appeared in a composition that paid homage to their own famous stages or close-up cuts.

“…”

Come to think of it the lyrics were about looking back on the past.

‘I guess they were aiming for it.’

Homma felt a little upset for some reason.

And the refrain comes back again.

This time the camera captured an open tent filled with colorful items.

In the meantime a tall figure is sitting loosely.

[I turn the page

Go to the next chapter

The goal shines

Pain becomes evidence]

He casually put down the golden relic he was holding and gently came out of the tent.

It was Lee Se-jin.

-Well there are so many good opinions. It’s not that I have something I really want to include… rather I’m aiming to make something really great rather than being only moderately satisfied with the result!

As the saying goes the most spectacular and eye-catching action to date will be held with a large number of people mobilized.

[Let me tempt fate

Beyond the milestones and crossroads

Struggling

[Go just one step further]

After the climax of the choreography passed Lee Se-jin greeted politely and slightly playfully among the pollen.

And according to that gesture the camera naturally moved again as if to show the next member’s part…

There is no one where I caught it.

“…?”

What is shown in close-up is someone’s citizenship.

Just as I was about to see the smile mark and the phrase ‘MAKE IT HAPPEN!’ written vigorously like a scrawl.

Suddenly the video cuts out for the first time.

And as the accompaniment fades away the voice rings out clearly again.

[Let me tempt fate

okay

Beyond the milestones and crossroads

Until the end of today]

The video is back.

At the end of a vast field Cha Yu-jin herself stood facing the wind.

With words.

He loosens the reins and catches them.

[Beyond the limits]

At the same time the screen opens.

The moment the field of view expands from the retro ratio of 4\:3 to the wide screen of 21\:9 you feel a sense of openness as if you can breathe.

“ah…”

And both color and resolution become clearer.

[I can’t stop tomorrow]

Cha Yu-jin on a horse gallops through the screen as if running across the meadow.

His request was simple and clear.

-I want to ride a horse!

Thanks to this he was shot out with a sigh in the intense silence like in the Old West.

And the drums come rushing back.

[Yeaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!]

Against the background of foot-stomping accompaniment the viewpoint briefly heads toward the sky.

A bird’s eye view looking down at the running horses.

Then there is a close-up of the rider as if he is about to be sucked in again.

Cha Yu-jin is smiling with her teeth exposed.

[Run breathlessly

The city center at your feet

Reach out further towards the sky]

Park Moon-dae’s high notes swell as if he were racing over the classic band accompaniment.

[(Over and over)

Even if the stars don’t reach

[I want to live today]

[Woo-]

A chorus rang out and the horses kicked the ground violently kicking up dust.

Then the moment Cha Yu-jin pulls the reins she stops.

The sunset was setting in his field of vision.

Vast sunset sky.

[Don’t sleep]

[Just-dream]

Cha Yu-jin got off the horse with the last exhilarating note of a long breath and threw her hat to the side.

The moment the hat disappears across the screen Cha Yu-jin looks back at the camera and grins.

The ending credits appear behind Cha Yu-jin who turns her head again and walks away.

[Production / TeSTAR]

Director / Lee Se-jin and Kim Rae-bin

Cinematography / Park Moon-dae and Ryu Cheong-woo

Lighting / Ryu Cheong-woo Lee Se-jin Sun A-hyeon

Screenplay / Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun

Costume / Raebin Kim

Music / TeSTAR

…]

White sentences covered entirely with Testa’s name.

The sight of it rising above the sunset landscape somehow shook people’s hearts.

‘ah… ’

Cha Yu-jin who had run far away was caught in a small glimpse of six black silhouettes backlit by the setting sun.

The images of them high-fiving or clasping arms were continuously shown on the screen.

Until the end credits roll and only this phrase remains.

-Loviewer

“…”

That phrase took up the entire screen until the end of the video until everything disappeared…

So Homma intuitively realized this.

‘It was a fan song.’

This wasn’t a collaboration an advertisement or a world-viewing video.

It was clearly a new fan song!

* * *

“Everyone thinks it’s a fan song.”

“I see. “It has become completely established.”

“…”

“…”

“Shall we assume it was a fan song?”

“yep.”

The bill was passed without any opposition.

And then monitoring continues again.

-Guys an epic article has appeared.

‘A story about looking back on the traces since debut with various emotions and pledging to move forward again’…

└ㅅㅂIt was so hot

-They must have filmed the Crazy Guys music video themselves so they asked why the member’s name was included in the editing (end credit capture)

-The director who was said to have acted as an advisor for the music video shoot appeared on social media. He is the person who filmed the LoL The Da game.

Most of the things that came out were fans getting excited and posting their impressions or looking for behind-the-scenes footage but these also came up in an unusual way.

-I heard it right at the start of the new year and was so excited that I recommended it to my Muggle friend but he said he already knew(?) What is it?

└Even Muggles know that it’s good haha.

-Testa’s new song is perfect for the New Year. I’m using it as a work song to exorcise the three days of resolution.

-You’re not active right? The response is so good

“…”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with an expression that made him look like he was about to break into a cold sweat.

“Why is this… working so well?”

That’s right.

From the beginning of its release the response from fans was quite positive.

I also drew a picture of them bringing this out at the climax of the concert because it seemed unusual to get reactions like ‘I like the song so much that it’s a shame they won’t be promoting it.’

‘It’s actually not wrong to call it a fan song.’

Until then everyone was just happy.

-Our testa said we will keep running hard in the new year while cherishing the time we spent together!

-(Please pass by I am an overly obsessed otaku)

-It was like an epilogue to a grand finale…

However this story distorted in a positive way went viral on Inheart SNS…

[How many of these scenes do you know? (Comparison of Testa Legend cut and music video cut)]

We’ve come this far…

“They say it’s the number one prediction in the music site’s next time slot.”

“…??”

-Wow Testa’s prediction is ranked 1st ㅊㅋㅊㅋ

Even if we gritted our teeth and released an album we were close to reaching number one on the daily music charts.

“really?”

“really.”

[A male idol song that seems to have been chosen for New Year’s resolutions]

‘Is this true?’

There was no aim but strangely luck and timing matched perfectly and the jackpot of first place in the music industry hit.

The funny thing is that this is a digital single without a physical album.

Even a low-budget video that was self-produced and released in two weeks… Why does it end up like this?

“…Maybe we should have prepared a little more and made it the title of the regular album?”

“What about titles that already exist?”

“You can do double titles.”

Is that so?

But it has already passed. This song has already been released.

All you have to do is be satisfied and happy about hitting the unexpected but accidental jackpot…

“Oh of course~ I don’t think it’s a coincidence right? I think people recognized us because all of our group members had good sense. yes?”

“Ugh…!”

“…”

“Of course the timing was good! But we never know when a time like this will come again so let’s work harder in the future~!”

“Yes I will keep it in mind!”

“…”

They use this for doping.

Looking at Keun Se-jin who was trying to use his achievements to boost team morale I nodded that he was still the same guy.

For your information Ryu Cheong-woo is looking at his smartphone next to him.

“I got a call from the company and it looks like there are a lot of requests for appearances from broadcasting. “He said why not go out to a good place?”

“and…”

Actually it was worth it.

‘I released a fan song without any promotion but it went viral naturally and took first place’? First of all isn’t the story missing?

It would have been more impactful for him to have been an unknown singer but since he was a first-tier idol there must have been a part of him that attracted more aggro.

‘I also call my country.’

I touched the back of my neck.

It’s been quite a while since the song itself became popular not because of the singer’s name value or the recognition supported by fans.

It’s a situation where we should be excited and happy but…

“But this is the end for us.”

“yes.”

This is it.

There is no other content…

‘I crammed it for two weeks so what do you expect?’

I didn’t even create choreography. This means that it was all a freestyle dance performed on site.

However in this situation everyone naturally expects that there will be additional content.

Even those who firmly believe that there is a bigger picture.

-This is clearly a build-up. Look I have a strong taste for eumsupdaeng haha.

└ㅇㅈㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

‘I don’t have any.’

But in this team… there is no one who can ignore opportunities that come their way.

“…”

“…”

“Should we… do something?”

Overtime confirmed.

It was the moment when Kim Rae-bin’s energy drink turned into a group ration.
