---
title: "Chapter 568"
category: "book"
index: 567
section: "Chapter 568"
slug: "568"
---

# Chapter 568

With the mindset of ‘let’s do whatever I want to do’ the song we self-produced in two weeks suddenly hit the bandwagon and hit the jackpot.

The Testa guys did their best.

This means that they really gritted their teeth and prepared for the performance within the limited time.

-From now on… Let’s not suddenly start a new job at the end of the year or the beginning of the year…

-yes…

-…

-Ohhhh!! Brother Sejin is dead!

‘I thought it was falling.’

And today they finally appeared on the air and succeeded in showing a proper stage.

[I turn the page

[Go to next chapter]

Bae Se-jin’s simple and good-looking freestyle becomes official choreography and is performed in perfect harmony.

In the intro or build-up section each person does a solo part and leaves the dance to the dancers but only in the chorus everyone comes together and shows each group dance.

‘It was a method that wouldn’t work if you didn’t have talent stats… ’

Still when I monitored it when combined with the one-take camera movement the movement came to life and a stage worth watching was created.

-The music video was also a one-take so there are story-related connections. Well it’s okay.

It was just as Big Sejin said.

Although it was different from the intense method we usually used this style which emphasized balance with vocals did not seem to have any quality problems.

So the time attack was successful.

“Oh well I don’t have anything to comment on. It was a self-produced idol tester!”

The fuss of the MC hosting the program was also excellent.

He was originally an MC known for being gentle but he became even gentler in line with the nature of the program which is ‘introducing this week’s hottest musicians’ which is close to culture.

A deep question related to music comes to mind.

“The word ‘Epic’ is often used to mean something strong and unique but it originally means ‘epic’. “It’s like writing an old adventure story or something like that.”

“Yes it is!”

Raebin Kim nodded with a happy expression.

“It sounds like the testers used the word ‘Epic’ in a more emotional sense closer to its original meaning. Is that correct?”

“That is correct. “Just as stories always have twists and turns so do our lives and I wanted to emphasize that it’s all meaningful in and of itself not just a process!”

“We affirm the ongoing reality. “It’s very beautiful.”

A detailed step-by-step question and answer.

There is a simple and honest conversation without any aggression. It was a luxury I had never experienced since my debut.

Truly hypoallergenic healing!

“Many responded that the lyrics were really pretty! I saw many comments like this saying he barely spoke English and spoke Korean very well. As far as I know member Bae Se-jin took the lead in writing it…?”

“Ah hmm. Yes… that’s right.”

“This guy reads a lot of books~!”

“Ah you comforted me!”

Normally people who don’t like the idol concept would criticize it for being cringy but grades are the key to popularity.

People who were emotional because it was the beginning of the year rated the lyrics highly because they were also emotional.

Thanks to this Bae Se-jin who participated greatly in writing the lyrics looks embarrassed but proud.

He even couldn’t control his mouth when a famous singer-songwriter-turned-MC complimented him saying that his singing style way of developing the song and pronunciation of the lyrics matched well.

“Mr. Sejin.”

“yes?”

“It’s okay to laugh as much as you want.”

Ahaha!

The audience laughs comfortably and happily. Bae Se-jin whose face was a little red eventually smiled.

Stress-free shooting!

There are no controversies competitions or even fleeting questions.

“Then please give me your last greeting!”

“yep! I had no idea I would receive so much love at the start of the year but I am truly honored. In the future our Testa will…”

After completing a truly ‘healing’ music talk show in a very peaceful atmosphere the members left the filming set with warm faces.

“It was very helpful.”

“Ugh. “He was a good person.”

Since it was a program like this in the first place I thought ‘Hey I’m bored it’s boring.’ One of the advantages was that we did not have the same feelings.

And the fun didn’t end there.

“Well this stage clip is getting a good response on social media.”

“okay?”

Even a short clip of this stage titled ‘Testa Live’ once again went viral on social media.

Because it was a special appearance on a cultural program without a broadcast stage it was rare so it seems that expectations and demand were concentrated on one point.

-This is a singer.

-Oh they all really look good. They are the pride of Korea. At this level even if I drink soup I have to admit it haha.

-Wow I want to go see the person who can tell me when these younger guys’ concerts are going on.

└I’m going on a world tour soon~ But I don’t have any tickets.

It has been observed that people who were not particularly interested in male idols show interest in jumping on the bandwagon and showing off that ‘I know trends well.’

Since there was no album or pre-promotion there was nothing else to focus on.

Truly blocking the source of aggro!

And this demand was reflected in reality as well.

“They said there was a request for me to appear at a concert held by Five Star Card.”

“Oh this is where the VTIC senior came from last year right?”

It was almost like an official period of activity now.

Sometimes when attending advertising events or KPOP concerts there were many requests to include this song in the set list.

Then in fact the song which has the lowest stamina consumption of all time actually becomes a highlight stage.

“Whoa…”

“Hmm.”

Even after the performance was over there were many people touching their ribs as if they felt awkward about not being able to breathe as if their lungs were going to explode.

“It’s a lot less burdensome.”

“Of course.”

It was almost the first time that a song without choreography was written for an event.

It was different from before where we had to somehow create choreography that didn’t exist and emphasize it by ad-libbing.

-Epic! Epic!

[Yes the song you’ve been waiting for is out now.]

-Oooh!

It is enough to just sing the song properly.

At the concert the company secretly tipped off the leader after seeing Keun Se-jin who was working on arrangements with Kim Rae-bin saying that he wanted to use more flashy and strong choreography.

“I thought it would be better not to push yourself too hard since this is an unplanned activity. Since you are also preparing for the next comeback.”

“Um… yes. “We will adjust it well considering the members’ physical condition.”

The song itself is so good that the response is already good.

My body is much more comfortable but when I perform I can hear a lot of singing along.

Keun Se-jin muttered this as if he was in a good mood but also a little nervous.

“Oh~ I guess this is what Senior Youngrin feels right?”

“I think it is a very grateful and meaningful experience because it meets diversity from a composer’s perspective as well!”

As they said it was refreshing.

Every day continued with everyone going about their schedules with a look on their face that made them think ‘This kind of thing happens.’

Of course everyone thought this would end someday.

‘It was good timing.’

So I was busy working and sleeping every day as if I was just enjoying a pleasant event.

Then one day came a few weeks later.

“hmm.”

Early morning after finishing my schedule. While lying in bed and playing with my smartphone I found an article that appeared on a portal site.

[Monster rookie who pushed Testa off the charts…]

I got the feeling even before I finished reading it.

‘It’s an article for media play.’

Are you a monster rookie again?

Still the expression ‘pushed off the charts’ meant that it was pushed out of first place on this music source.

‘It means that there is a team that rose up while I wasn’t monitoring it closely.’

I clicked to check the article content properly.

Of course I have no intention of suddenly saying nonsense like ‘How can a rookie beat our group?’

‘I’m thankful that I’ve been able to use this music for a few weeks.’

Moreover when it comes to female idols or solo artists it happens quite often that the music of new artists pops up. This means there is nothing surprising.

This is an industry where annual leave has no meaning.

‘Among the new female idols from the majors the team that made a comeback or debuted… well it could be a rapper.’

I skimmed through the article predicting several teams and names.

And then I encountered an unexpected explanation.

-Mixed idol group HaloHe-im attracted attention from the MZ generation with the #Look_up challenge on video platforms…

“…”

Even after reading it again the explanation did not change.

‘concoction?’

A mixed idol group debuted… and became a huge hit on social media… and took first place?

It was an explanation that I didn’t know where to start or what to refute.

‘I thought mixed gender groups were extinct.’

Of course there are exceptions to all formulas and trends.

Instead of snorting I immediately entered the group and ran a search.

-Haloheim.

It’s only been one week since debut.

‘also.’

I thought it wouldn’t be long.

The image teaser was released on January 1st and promotions and virality seemed to have continued mainly through video platforms such as Tic Tac Tok.

And the company…

‘Hmm this is the first label I’ve heard of.’

Of course there is little chance that it is a true zero-based small or medium-sized business.

‘also.’

After some simple further searching I even found out that this label is a subsidiary of Younglin Company.

The main judge of &lt;Azusa&gt;… and the idol who first taught me that idol data can be profitable.

It is even said that Younglin was in charge of producing it.

-Saint U’s Younglin worked as a producer completing the construction of Haloheim’s musical world…

The explanation went on to say that it was created in collaboration with the image director who created his prime.

‘Is that where the topic came from?’

However creating a mixed idol group was a risky endeavor.

This is because they are vulnerable to dating rumors and the fandom does not unite well in the first place or tends to become too light.

‘It is several times more difficult to maintain the value of the name in the long term.’

They’re making such an experimental attempt with a trainee worthy of debuting at such a prestigious company?

They put it on the front page that it was produced by their signature idol?

I pressed my eyebrows.

‘…Youngrin has the personality to play with children’s lives… ’

No I don’t know.

I… just sold data. There is no way to really know what type of personality Yeongrin is.

Still it was time to restart the search frowning out of discomfort.

‘First of all I need to find out exactly how it came about… ’

At that moment my eye caught the Haloheim profile.

‘…?’

Because of my job I reflexively check my direct competitors first so I looked at the faces of the men first.

female members.

Those faces… looked somewhat familiar.

“…”

I immediately moved my hand and searched again entering the names of the members in question.

This time on WeTube.

And among the flood of videos I found the Rekka account.

-What are the circumstances that led to their debut after having worked together with Testa?

“…”

Fuck you.

* * *

“hey.”

“Why Mundaemun University?”

“Do you remember this group?”

I handed over the smartphone screen to Keun Se-jin. The guy who was getting ready to sleep in bed had an expression of ‘what’s going on all of a sudden’ but accepted the smartphone without saying anything.

And let’s check the screen.

“Ah~”

Of course Big Sejin nodded.

And conscious of Sun Ah-hyeon who was already asleep he bowed in a low voice.

“Well they almost debuted with &lt;B My Girls&gt;… right? “It was originally our agency.”

That’s right.

&lt;Be My Girls&gt;.

This is another idol survival program that T1 released one after another after the hit &lt;Idol Inc.&gt;.

As expected the winners of this program also became part of T1 Stars and were scheduled to be the next female idol group after Mirinae.

The problem is… it was all fabricated.

-&lt;B My Girls&gt; Rankings were rigged… Production crew arrested

It was a bomb that exploded on the surface when T1 was involved in the political world and was beaten.

Thanks to this we eventually escaped from T1…

This side didn’t even debut but they were tied up for several years because of their contract.

So this is what Orbit the company created when Testa escaped did this.

“The contract was released when our company acquired T1 Stars before its launch.”

It was an obvious choice.

This is what happens if you keep this group tied to the company without allowing them to debut.

-Are you carrying a control stone? Haha.

-Wow look at how they are holding on without disbanding.

There is a debate over whether you are advocating manipulation.

-They won’t even let them debut and won’t release them. Wow I feel sorry for the kids. What should I do?

-It was fabricated by the company so why are they passing it all on to minors who aren’t even adults?

-I didn’t know this would happen after Testa acquired T1 Stars. They also use the same despicable methods as entertainment CEOs… It’s truly heartbreaking. This vested interest mentality is so disgusting.

This is because you hear these opposite voices at the same time.

‘If you’re not going to let them debut in the first place it’s normal to let them go.’

The risk and the conscience-shattering sound were too great to keep Nolbu in the meta that if I couldn’t use it others couldn’t use it either.

I thought it ended without any harm.

I didn’t know it would turn out this well.

“…It’s number one on the music charts now?”

“okay.”

“hmm.”

Big Sejin rubbed his chin… and shrugged his shoulders.

“Wow we’ve only had two weeks? Look how the situation has changed after not monitoring for at most 3 weeks. “It’s a really dynamic industry.”

The guy got out of bed right away.

“Let’s check.”

I thought so.

We immediately quietly moved to the living room. And we begin proper industry monitoring…

“What are you guys doing?”

“…!”

When I turned my head Cha Yu-jin who had come out to drink water was staring blankly at me.

I thought my liver was failing.

“Sit down.”

“What…”

That’s how the three of us started working overtime in the early morning hours.

Competitor analysis of the stock.
