---
title: "Chapter 569"
category: "book"
index: 568
section: "Chapter 569"
slug: "569"
---

# Chapter 569

“I want to bring popcorn.”

“Be patient.”

In the early morning when all the other members were asleep the three testers accessed the Internet on the TV in a dark living room and began searching for information.

A new ‘mixed’ idol group that pushed us out and took first place on the music charts.

HaloHe-im.

[I no longer wonder who came up with this strange name.]

“…”

The mixed group’s debut song was played on the screen along with native speaker Cha Yu-jin’s evaluation.

[Now I’m curious about the seat next to me

Your heartbeat

Who are you running for now?]

A natural and pleasant song that sticks to the ear well with an up tempo.

A refreshing and atmospheric melody that would be great to hear in a place like a cafe flows along with the accompaniment.

“The song is good.”

“I agree.”

However no matter how good a song they release there will be a singer every quarter who disappears without ever seeing the light of day.

Even if a mixed group doesn’t do anything but take first place within a week of releasing the music…

“I think there are other selling points as well.”

“Yap.”

I continued the search with the implicit consent of Keun Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin.

There was nothing to do for long.

This is because there was a 40-minute related video with over 5 million views in that music video.

This is the content of the thumbnail which shows several Haloheim members wearing school uniforms facing each other and smiling.

[Is it good to be a transfer student? &lt;Heartheim&gt; Ep.2 / HaloHe-im]

“…”

It was a title arrangement that felt somewhat incongruous considering it was idol content itself.

However it is a somewhat familiar shape that seems to have been commonly seen on WeTube.

“for a moment.”

I found episode 1 of that content and played it.

The narration came out against the background of a bench with a lush green school view.

[Have you ever wanted to meet someone who is perfect for you?]

[Creating MBTI Sentences Who has always clicked on ‘the type that best suits me’ every time they took various psychological tests?]

[This is our story of finding that person.]

“ah.”

The moment I got there I realized what this was. I crossed my arms and sighed.

‘crazy.’

The guys from this agency have openly benchmarked reality matching programs.

Mixed gender groups are prone to dating rumors?

We used that in reverse to create the group’s worldview.

The viewer is encouraged to create and analyze the drama as he or she wants.

[Jihyun\: Hello. My name is Kang Ji-hyeon and I was born in Busan.]

[Jihyun\: My personality… I think I’m a bit quiet. Even at school… (Edit) Yes. I purposely didn’t go on school trips.]

The video first introduces four female students with different personalities set in a fictional school.

And one after another male members appeared at school under the concept of ‘transferring’ as male students.

[Male Student 1\: Nice to meet you. I’m Go Hyeon-woo.]

In this way students get to know each other’s personalities and behavior patterns in more detail while doing various team missions based on the school concept.

From experimental tasks to cooking practice performance evaluations to courage tests.

And when the day’s work is over each person chooses one person of the opposite sex and one person of the same sex with whom they fit best and sends them an anonymous text message.

[Ji-hyun\: Hmm… I thought it was honest and good that Hyun-woo was scared without being pretentious. I will send it to Hyunwoo.]

[Hyunwoo\: Wasn’t Jihyun really unreliable today?]

In this way it shows who fits well and who doesn’t and who is attracted to whom.

It even brought to light the fact that the poles of love and the poles of friendship are intertwined and run rampant.

“…”

“…”

Looking at that mess the three testers could not bear to react at all.

It was because of culture shock.

‘…It’s clearly a dating reality.’

It’s like covering your eyes and saying goodbye.

Still after holding back my shock and taking a closer look I realized that it wasn’t simply aggro. The meticulous work was clearly visible.

For example this ‘school’ setting was treated like the background setting of a reality program in a way that made you feel moderately immersed even though you knew it was all fake.

[Jaebin\: This is a school concept.]

[Hugo\: That’s why it’s fun. I’ve hardly ever been to a Korean school.]

Be comfortable so you don’t feel like you’re acting. So that each individual feels much more natural and authentic.

And at a crucial moment in every episode their debut title song plays like an OST.

[This trembling is still only in my heart

I can act calmly]

The song’s highlight melody which appears just before moving on to the trailer was amazingly fitting.

The sound source is exposed once in a very natural way.

-Jaebin please be kind to Hugo since he is Jin-Gook. Let’s team up with Hugo.

-Honestly Hyunwoo and Jihyun are the best together. Their personalities match well. Don’t waste your energy on unnecessary things. Let’s do a mission together and show them how to flirt.

-Am I the only one who thinks Jihyun and Hugo are cute? The way they make fun of each other because they don’t get along is so cute haha.

└ㅇㅈI hate it so much

As time went on instead of people asking ‘Are you crazy to do this with an idol?’ the comments that people wrote because they were overly engrossed were getting more recommendations and were rising to the top.

This is because the program was chosen to be fun and scary.

Even.

“…They say that if you are chosen as the ‘two people who are the best fit’ by viewer votes you will receive a center spot in the next album.”

“…Wow~”

Big Sejin couldn’t continue talking. I understand.

Still he barely managed to complete another sentence.

“This… no it wouldn’t be possible to manage public opinion if it were like this.”

“I guess so.”

It was a method popular with existing idol fans.

So it seemed like this video originally got a lot of views mainly from people who liked dating reality shows.

Moreover the problem was that these people were overly immersed.

I went straight to episode 2 and saw that one of the members was getting scolded. The reason was that he suddenly chose someone of the opposite sex out of the blue during home training.

-It’s not polite it’s really too much.

-Wow I’m the type of person who doesn’t want to be friends… It’s not for nothing that I haven’t received a single friendship text.

-He was strong in B My Girls as well.

The malicious comments made by people who are immersed in the position of losing their partner have really crossed the line.

Moreover they subtly get on each other’s nerves and end up getting angry and fighting.

‘It’s a sight to behold.’

They’re putting kids who are barely over 20 years old to shame. It’s the same bullshit that all broadcasting companies do but even though this is the agency’s own entertainment show the fact that it’s like this is fucking awesome.

‘Isn’t this an atmosphere where it’s impossible to be a fan of a group?’

Even for us the individual fan-centered atmosphere created during &lt;Azusa&gt; still remains.

The influence of pre-debut survival programs is this strong but if you do something like this with guys who just debuted…

“Normally it self-destructs.”

It must have been like that originally.

but.

“But it worked.”

“…”

The content which seemed to be a clever mix of a web drama and a reality program seemed to garner great immersion and response from teenagers of the same age group.

The next thing that stuck was the viewers of dating programs.

There was a huge number of people who made up the majority of the current viewers.

What is the benefit of attracting those people?

“It went viral.”

Posts are being posted on the Internet by people who are overly immersed.

-Heartheim is surprisingly fun.

-I was going for a courage test but my partner told me to leave him behind.jpg

-Oh crazy Jihyun is the Bima girl?

└Jihyun debuts?

Then die-hard KPOP listeners who had lightly watched &lt;Be My Girls&gt; which was a minor survival show joined in.

If global KPOP fans who like this kind of thing join in…

‘The number of views is exploding.’

Of course there were clear traces of swearing and controversy.

First of all what was the fandom like for the members who debuted through &lt;Be My Girls&gt;?

‘It must have tasted like death.’

I thought I was barely debuting but my agency came out and foamed at me saying I was doing something stupid.

But it may not have come out too strong.

‘There is already controversy over manipulation.’

Even if it was worth claiming that the members were not at fault they would have been cautious about raising any more rumors because such a big issue was at stake.

He tried to quietly respond to the company but eventually gave up as the response gradually became hotter and better.

‘So even all the negative chemical reactions are digested with buzz.’

Malicious comments are better than no comments. Because I’m interested.

As long as you are confident in the quality of the product you are selling.

‘Public opinion can be overturned.’

And the agency has laid the groundwork down to that point.

-What… Ah I guess I did that because I thought I received the letter from Hyunwoo.

As members who were criticized become more angry misunderstandings are resolved they show a three-dimensional side and public opinion gradually recovers.

As the members at the main point of view kept changing each episode drew sympathy from similar types of people.

In the end we were able to appeal to all members’ charms as members of the opposite sex and as characters.

And just the right time to develop goodwill.

Haloheim’s first music broadcast took place.

This is where the winning strategy comes into play.

-Wow your dog is good.

-Idol ㅇㅈ…

The stage performance was good.

Viewers reacted as if they were watching the main characters of their favorite drama perform on stage.

The thrill and freshness of imagination becoming reality created an unexpected synergy.

-Something feels overwhelming. Haloheim is a real-life drama.

If I had made one wrong step the discomfort would have outweighed the interest but whether it was luck or calculation I got through it all.

In this way the mixed group was successfully launched.

“…”

In front of the TV in Testa’s living room in the dark of early morning.

The three people were lost in thought after seeing the stage of a new group that succeeded in an unexpected way.

“OK. all right.”

Cha Yu-jin was the first to shrug her shoulders.

“This team performs well. But it’s okay because we do better.”

It was a calm statement.

“What was it like about mixing genders?”

“Why is that?”

“In Korea there have been very few successful mixed groups since the 2000s.”

Cha Yu-jin answered with a natural expression.

“Hey there are no trends that last forever.”

“…!”

“KPOP groups are not traditional either. “Fashions can change at any time.”

That’s… that’s right.

There is no guarantee that the mixed gender groups that were popular in the 2000s will never be popular in the market.

Even if it worked in a completely unexpected way.

“Our group just needs to do what they do and do well. Got it?”

“Of course~ Got it.”

When Keun Se-jin answered with a smile Cha Yu-jin waved and quickly walked back and forth to the kitchen to return the water cup.

However Big Se-jin frowned and still sat on the sofa until Cha Yu-jin came back.

As if lost in thought.

“why.”

“No… no matter how much I think about it it’s strange.”

Big Sejin muttered while looking at the turned off TV.

“This is not a method that can be used in the long run.”

“…”

“why?”

“Eugene you said there are no permanent trends right? “No couple lasts forever.”

“…!”

“I don’t know what I’ll do with the next album but I feel like I’ve used up my image too quickly. “Hmm it’s very experimental don’t you think?”

It was true.

It was almost impossible to achieve the same effect by using such a promotional method again.

As a tester it seemed like if I just waited the sweet water would drain out quickly and I wouldn’t be able to hold on.

Of course there are no guarantees in this industry.

“Let’s stay alert and think about it for now.”

“okay.”

That was the end of the early morning monitoring that day. The three quietly cleaned up the living room and returned to their respective rooms.

I also lay down on the bed and thought briefly.

‘It’s a new way.’

It was a short-lived extreme promotional method that altered a person’s private life and personality.

But I also think like that.

-Isn’t the idol group we’re in now a model with a long lifespan?

Even for popular idol groups the average lifespan is said to be around 7 years. Except for a few everyone found their own way to live and returned to focusing on individual activities.

This is due to the burden of group accommodation the burden of high-intensity choreography and the issue of appropriate age.

‘We and VTIC who want to eat more are weird people.’

Let’s take that into consideration.

‘This method is just a trend of consuming idols more quickly…?’

“…”

I don’t know. For some reason I felt dirty.

‘It feels different.’

Maybe it was because I was in a different age group in the first place but this felt… a bit unpleasant.

That’s how the company promotes mixed groups.

‘It’s encouraging consumption in a fucking bizarre way.’

Especially when I think of those rookie guys who gritted their teeth and performed properly on stage.

“…”

I decided to just sleep.

Instead of worrying about our competitors let’s worry about our group which has members who will be enlisting in the military next year.

Don’t forget the crazy fact that I’m serving in the military twice.

‘…after.’

But strangely even though I thought that way I couldn’t immediately clear my mind and fall asleep.

Like an ominous premonition.

I feel like I’m missing something…

“…”

Just now.

What did I give as the reason for the short lifespan of idol groups?

Appropriate age for camp accommodation and…

‘High-intensity choreography… ’

“…”

for a moment.

“…!”

I immediately got up from the bed and picked up my smartphone.

And I connected right away.

Below the water which has not been monitored since there has been no significant controversy.

There are expressions that stick in your mind the moment you see them.

-Epic also has no choreography haha.

-Hmm… I feel a little bitter because I wonder if this is the way it is in the end.

-Ah this is why you think that this song didn’t work out well but now it’s still working. ㅅㅂ

-With this amount of practice one idol will be able to do the group dance well.

I feel like I’ve been hit with cold water.

‘The heyday of a group’s idol does not last long.’

As that time approaches accommodations are eliminated individual activities increase and the proportion of group work decreases.

Many groups have done that.

‘This is already a formula.’

This was now a known fact to all idol fans.

So Testa’s album this time was received as a kind of signal by these people.

This is an attempt to see if Testa should abandon the existing concept and change to a more comfortable method.

This is a sign that they no longer have any intention of living fiercely as an idol group in their prime.

As a sign that the reason they originally liked Testa will disappear and be replaced.

-Actually it’s not a bad thing. Honestly it’s time for the kids to think about their cartilage. They’ll be leaving for military service soon… But my heart isn’t beating.

-Recommendations for new idols Are there any kids full of venom?

‘no.’

There are people who went out of their way to find the bottom of the water and make such a fuss but usually they don’t bother to express their dissatisfaction.

Because I think it’s a natural process.

‘It’s just… I’m slowly starting to recognize other idols.’

Activity decreases and the mind rises.

“…”

Cha Yu-jin would say this.

-Let’s release a new album quickly. Then there is no problem.

The idea is to appeal that we will still work hard.

‘That’s correct.’

But the bigger problem is… that’s not possible now.

‘I’ve already worked with Epic!’

It worked so well that it actually became a problem!

The image that the public expects from us has been formed that way.

A popular slightly comfortable yet easy-to-listen sound source.

But what if a new album is suddenly released in this atmosphere? Of course we would expect such a sound to be released again.

‘But we prepared this full-length album very rigorously and conceptually.’

This is because they stuck to the line of aiming for a cultural medal and targeting the global fandom.

Then what happens?

-Oh the song is good.

-Well it’s a bit different from what I expected but I’m rooting for you~ I hope Testa does well this time too!^^

And the moment the music rankings don’t come out

‘It is easy to undermine both topicality and class… ’

“…”

I put my head down.

X is done.
