---
title: "Chapter 570"
category: "book"
index: 569
section: "Chapter 570"
slug: "570"
---

# Chapter 570

The next morning.

Inside Testa’s car moving according to schedule.

“Mundae…! “Hey the manager is asking what we’re going to eat for breakfast…”

“…”

“Mumundaeya…?”

“…uh. “Anything is okay.”

“…Ugh.”

I put my head against the window. Calculations were going on in my brain.

Regarding the future activities of this group.

‘It’s a crossroads.’

The problem is that both paths end at a cliff.

If you release a strong full-length album now the public who expects comfortable music will ignore you.

However if you continue to follow a comfortable path you cannot prevent fandom from leaving.

‘And that’s the end of the Cultural Medal.’

It was to die for.

If we were to filter out the shortcomings and somehow pick something out… there was a hybrid called Easy Listening with intense choreography.

Like the debut song &lt;Magical Boy&gt;.

‘But that won’t get a response overseas.’

It is always a strong concept that appeals to global KPOP fans.

Group dance intense beat strong melody.

Of course if you want to go beyond that and gain support from the English-speaking public there is also the step of targeting easy listening which is popular there.

But that’s the way higher classes do it.

First of all it is only possible to secure a global fan base of VTIC level… and if you are not careful the group may lose its color and struggle from the next album onwards.

Like now.

‘Fuck you.’

Moreover since the fandom has already begun to leave there is a high probability that even this ‘easy listening and high-quality choreography’ method will be accepted as an attempt to ‘look at the liver’.

-This time it’s time to do something tough but I couldn’t give up on easy listening and if you look at what I brought with me I’m sure it came out well.

It is accepted that the tendency is tilted towards ‘I don’t do tough idols anymore’.

I pressed my eyebrows.

‘It’s okay to be criticized.’

The problem is that there will be quite a lot of fans who leave without swearing and quietly saying ‘I’m going to have fun playing.’

Maybe it’s because I’ve already seen the rookie in the mixed group succeed with an absurd strategy but I still have an ominous feeling.

A difficult time to maintain.

‘The way we knit is changing.’

It felt like the time of generational change was approaching.

“…”

In fact I didn’t know that Testa’s annual leave was a problem.

Anyway it’s only the new year and it’s been 7 years. Only about five and a half years have passed since debut.

‘Right now there are many groups that are older than Testa and are active in their prime.’

The problem is… Testa has been successful since its debut.

Large-scale concert tour annual music ranking new group album sales record broken.

All of this happened within the first year of debut.

And so far unless there is a special situation such as a traffic accident the grades have been self-updated with an upward sloping graph.

‘So I thought we managed it well by alternating between entertainment and albums so that people wouldn’t get tired of Testa… ’

In fact the problem may have been in the opposite direction.

-It is not strange to think that Testa has done enough.

-Wouldn’t they also have no regrets about group activities?

These perceptions.

Even if people are not tired of Testa they are predicting that Testa will be tired of Testa’s activities.

And just as expectations are reflected in stock prices in advance the trend of looking into other idols to replace Testa in advance is…

“It’s the gate.”

I turned my head.

“this.”

Sun Ah-hyun was holding out a hot packaged sandwich toast.

It seemed like the manager had prepared breakfast.

“thanks.”

I carelessly opened the package and brought the sandwich toast to my mouth.

There was no time to evaluate the taste.

Meanwhile I asked in a quiet voice from the side.

“I… perhaps. “Are you sick or… are you worried?”

“…”

“Because it looks a little difficult.”

Should I say it?

Sun Ah-hyun was a good listener and when a problem like this was brought up she would listen and then worry and worry together.

No most people in this group have that tendency. therefore…

I opened my mouth.

“It’s because I worked extra hours yesterday early in the morning.”

“…?”

“I looked for some rookies who beat us to number one on the music charts.”

I took two with my fingers.

“With them.”

“Wow?”

The guys who were each shoving their toast into their mouths blinked. They are Keun Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin.

Of course both are in good condition. I don’t have the stamina to be tired just because I couldn’t sleep and I’m not the type to show off that I’m a little tired.

In that sense this situation where I say I’m tired alone…

‘Is this strange?’

Cha Yu-jin opened her mouth with a pitiful face.

“Whoo… Is it because you’re older now Moon Dae?”

“…”

I’m two years older than you kid.

It’s been like that ever since the new year.

“Is the toast delicious?”

Cha Yu-jin who realized that she would end up chewing toast even in the evening flinched and quickly corrected herself. He’s really quick-witted.

“I made a mistake! There are older brothers than Moon Dae! Bae Se-jin is the oldest!”

“…??”

Bae Se-jin who was suddenly beaten makes a vain expression and Keun Se-jin who almost bursts into laughter suddenly changes his stance.

“What are you talking about! In Korea full age is the official age! “We still have a long time left in our 20s~”

“That makes sense!”

The guys who were chatting loudly while eating a warm breakfast no longer asked about my condition.

I chewed my toast again.

“…”

This was just the right amount.

‘There is no need to talk about my prediction for no reason.’

Now no matter what we do be prepared to face a downturn.

Now that the Cultural Merit has passed let’s prepare for enlistment together next year?

‘Even if I say it it’s only like scaring me.’

It was impossible to destroy their morale like that even though it would not increase their morale any further.

I am satisfied that I have moderately boosted the team spirit…

“Wow when Moon-Dae Park looked at the New Year’s camera he acted cute and his stamina was at a cute level…”

That’s it.

I quietly took Big Sejin’s unopened can of carbonated water shook it mercilessly and then gently sent it back to its original location.

Cha Yu-jin giggled and recorded the incident on video.

“Wow! “What is this!”

“ha ha ha!”

In that way my suspicious attitude seemed to pass by buried in the noisy and warm atmosphere.

However even in this chaos there was someone who quietly kept his mouth shut and lost his thoughts.

This is because there was a guy there who had a knack for dealing with team members who predicted pessimistic futures.

“Mundae. “Shall we talk for a moment?”

“…”

That afternoon.

The moment I entered the waiting room I realized that Liu Chengwu was waiting to talk to me.

* * *

I went into the room inside the waiting room where there was a cot with him.

And instead of taking a nap they both sat down on the mattress.

“Ahyeon kept worrying. “Maybe I overexerted myself early in the morning but my sill is in bad shape today.”

I see.

Even though I tried not to show it it seems like I secretly knew that my head was complicated. I sighed and nodded.

“As I said it’s because I’m tired.”

“really?”

“…”

“Mundae. “Now it’s not me asking my cousin but the group leader is asking the members.”

Oh damn.

I pressed my eyelids and opened my mouth.

“Just leave my brother alone.”

And I began to tell Ryu Cheng-wu about the current situation of Testa that I had analyzed so far.

A time of dilemma.

What kind of butterfly effect did the song I made after saying ‘Let’s do what I want to do’ end up happening?

“…So no matter when and how the next album is released it seems inevitable that the image will be in a downward trend.”

Liu Chengwu was not surprised.

However he quietly nodded and listened to what I said without even laughing at it and saying it was nonsense.

So I was able to finish speaking quietly.

“…I couldn’t think of a solution yet so I kept my mouth shut for now.”

“I see.”

“…”

“I heard you right. “Thank you for telling me.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“But… I don’t think it’s a big problem.”

“…”

what?

“Mundae.”

Liu Chengwu nodded and spoke softly.

“It’s okay if there is an image that Testa is in decline.”

What kind of crazy thing is this all of a sudden?

“That won’t mean our group will suddenly disappear or all of our fans will disappear.”

Maybe you didn’t understand?

“There is a high probability that fans will lose out because of that image and there will be a real decline.”

“But if we release another good album you will listen to it. “If you give a great performance you will see it.”

“yes. “Maybe only some of them.”

People basically pay less attention to things that are out of fashion. Testa will be in the same situation.

“okay. “It’s past its prime… But it’s Mundae.”

Liu Chengwu smiled bitterly.

“It’s the prime time because the prime time has passed.”

“…!”

It was a somewhat familiar word.

That was… what I said to Cheongryeo who suffered from reset syndrome.

-The heyday is over so it’s the heyday.

That’s right.

Every group even if it is doing well comes a moment when it stagnates.

Whether it’s T Holic VTIC or Testa.

Whether it’s a few years from now or now.

“Even if we receive the Cultural Merit it’s just a matter of delaying it and everyone except Yujin and I will go to the military.”

“…”

“When that gap period comes you’ll be worried that your prime is coming to an end right?”

Ryu Cheong-wu continued adding ‘I didn’t bother to mention it until now because I didn’t want to mention it from the perspective of not going.’

“But we will plan our activities accordingly.”

Speak calmly and logically.

“Of course it would be nice if I could always get good grades. but. “Even if our grades drop this doesn’t mean the end of this group.”

-Testa can continue to do well by releasing as many albums as he wants and there will be people who listen to him every time.

I quietly listened to those words.

Then it was sent to the head and slowly digested.

‘I see.’

It wasn’t like I was suffering from some sort of ‘target or death’ status ailment but I thought it was something like that.

‘It’s like Testa dies if he’s not in the first team.’

But that’s not true.

This group will continue to exist and there will be no sudden disintegration due to poor performance. Isn’t this the company we founded in the first place?

Testa will not suddenly disband.

‘okay.’

I readily admitted that I had become trapped in an excessive way of thinking.

Then after taking a deep breath I responded with a more determined brain.

“I understand… Thank you brother.”

“Thank you.”

Liu Chengyu grinned as if relieved perhaps because my complexion had improved.

But still.

“Still I feel dirty.”

“…?!”

“If things go downhill due to misunderstandings like this I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep.”

Isn’t it unfair like a dog?

‘It’s not like any controversy broke out or the quality of the album deteriorated.’

No who would have thought that a song that was released just for fan service would suddenly become so popular and be misunderstood like this?

In order to go up even further I have already decided on this annual plan…

“Honestly I don’t see the answer right away but I want to find a solution somehow.”

Then.

“okay. “I knew that!”

Liu Chengwu grinned.

“…?”

“Oh sorry. Um… Actually I did say this. Still I hoped that I would continue to do my best to take on the challenge.”

Liu Chengyu’s smile faded slightly.

“It’s not a good feeling to not be able to do your best…”

“…”

It seemed to remind me of the time when I was steering. However Liu Chengwu quickly erased that feeling.

“But let’s remember this.”

The guy held out his hand.

“First of all… it’s not your fault that fans have this misunderstanding.”

“…!”

Liu Chengwu said “Let’s admit that sometimes unexpected things happen.”

“…thank you.”

“haha. It’s true but it’s not something to be thankful for. Um and next is the most important thing.”

Liu Chengwu smiled and grabbed my shoulder.

“I’m not doing this because I’m scared of my best days coming to an end but I’m doing it because I want to keep trying.”

It’s not because you’ll die if you don’t grit your teeth work hard think intensely and keep trying desperately.

Because there is a goal.

“We are chasing not being chased. Let’s not forget.”

That was enough.

“yes.”

I shook his hand and acknowledged what he said.

Now then…

“Please hold a meeting.”

“okay.”

Let’s all 7 of us squeeze our brains like squeezing lemon juice and make it happen regardless of whether it works or not.

solution.
