---
title: "Chapter 571"
category: "book"
index: 570
section: "Chapter 571"
slug: "571"
---

# Chapter 571

Whenever something happened at Testa holding a meeting to try to resolve it was now routine.

This means that each member is now skilled enough not to be surprised even if something unexpected happens.

“yes? Ah a meeting. yes.”

So as soon as the schedule was over we calmly gathered in the living room without anyone panicking or asking questions.

There was an amazing incident where Big Sejin looked at people as if they were special.

“Is that why Moon Daemundae’s face was so bad? “But now he’s letting it all out quickly.”

If we know let’s proceed quickly.

…Well being calm doesn’t mean you can’t accept the seriousness.

The faces of the guys who heard the whole incident quickly became serious.

“…hmm. So… the downtrend image is the problem.”

“okay.”

No matter what you choose for your next album your fandom and popularity will be damaged.

This could be a signal of an uncontrollable downward trend.

Raebin Kim’s face darkened.

“I’m not good enough…”

“No that’s absolutely not true.”

As soon as the album was mentioned I knew this guy would be like this.

Kim Rae-bin’s dark expression disappeared only after hearing the specific explanation that ‘it was twisted because things were going well’.

Instead he thought about it carefully and finally said this.

“There is a saying that something made extremely well goes beyond taste! If so I will work harder and write a new song that will satisfy both the public and lovers!”

“Oh my gosh he’s like this again.”

“Kim Rae-bin is an idiot.”

“…?!”

I put both hands on Raebin Kim’s shoulders.

“Ravin listen carefully.”

“yes!”

“You are a genius.”

“…!?”

“And your songs were always so good that they made no sense.”

Except for a few slumps he was an insane talent with no weaknesses from quality to speed.

‘Honestly without this guy things would have been several times more difficult.’

This means that the songs Kim Rae-bin has created so far are not of a lower level.

“But a good song doesn’t necessarily mean it will become a mega hit. “It’s a matter of timing or luck.”

“that…”

“Well what Mundae said is 100% right! Even if this isn’t a song it’s a phrase that is universally used in many places~ Right hyung?”

“uh?”

Bae Se-jin seemed a little embarrassed by Eun Se-jin’s words but quickly nodded calmly.

“…that’s right. “Of all the movies I starred in when I was young there was one movie that was the funniest but it wasn’t the most successful.”

“ah…”

“So you shouldn’t create something like that artificially.”

Raebin Kim nodded slightly.

That’s right.

No matter how well it was made or how intense the promotions were a trend that satisfied everyone was not something that could be created intentionally.

‘It’s best to set a target audience and catch those people.’

And then sometimes luck and timing come together and everyone ends up liking it.

Cha Yu-jin who was listening to the story shrugged her shoulders.

“I don’t know. Why make just one song? Why can’t we make both?”

“huh?”

“We can do both the difficult and the easy ones. Double title!”

“ah.”

Double title.

Rather than creating one perfect song that satisfies everyone it is a way to target both the public and fandom by diversifying investments.

The reason why this doesn’t work is simple.

“I don’t have time.”

To make it a double title just think of doing twice what we are doing now.

‘No it’s a unilateral addition so if you think about coordinating the schedule it will cost more than twice as much.’

The choreography costume and concept music video must be filmed one more time to ensure completeness that does not create a sense of incongruity with other double titles.

Then what happens?

“If you use a double title you may have to release your next album later than scheduled rather than sooner.”

In the end fandom leaks are left unattended for longer.

The main premise itself which is to ‘act quickly to prevent the flow of fandom escaping’ is violated.

Of course I could have tried to meet the deadline somehow.

“I work a lot fast! We’re all hard-working people.”

It’s about replacing our bodies.

To be honest I am a person who is intrigued by these words.

but…

“Then if you go into trouble due to overwork who will be responsible?”

The intensity of work will be greater than anything you have experienced so far.

The schedule right now isn’t easy but if I double the work here I might end up falling down.

‘You can’t do that.’

…If we want to go long term we need to pay attention to the health of this group.

Over the hill I saw Liu Chengwu smiling slightly.

Are you proud? okay. Well… it’s good.

Cha Yu-jin seems to have given in as she nods her head indifferently…

“OK. “I take my brothers’ ages into consideration.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth.

“You… won’t bring candy again.”

“What?!”

The members each fell into trouble while ignoring Cha Yu-jin who was shocked to hear that she could no longer enjoy the homemade candy that Bae Se-jin’s mother sent her.

“Then… we have to leave it to luck?”

Perhaps it was too defeatist an idea for Big Sejin to accept but the guy’s face did not please him.

And the faces of the other members looked a little shaken as well. This is because until now I have never said something as easy as ‘let’s leave it to luck’.

Meanwhile Sun Ah-hyun slightly raised her hand.

“Hey how about… how about explaining this activity directly to the fans?”

“hmm?”

“You can also post the letter on W app or SNS.”

In summary Sun Ah-hyun’s proposal was as follows.

-We didn’t make it with each other! I also organized activities in a hurry!

-If you thought that our passion has cooled and we will move on less vigorously you are all mistaken!

Let’s break this down and be honest.

What process did we go through to release this song in two weeks and how did we rush to prepare for further activities after this song suddenly became successful?

The goal is to carefully explain and convince fans.

“I thought you might feel relieved if I told you what process we went through to become this way.”

“And we are preparing the album step by step according to schedule?”

“yes…!”

Seon Ah-hyeon’s words were straight and orthodox.

There was a problem though.

I rubbed my chin.

‘I don’t think I’ll believe it.’

Doing so right now would have been counterproductive because it would have seemed desperate. If you think that they are trying to explain because they are scared your credibility will drop and your image will also suffer.

-Stop it… I’m making excuses too much and it’s giving me empathy shame… ㅠㅠ

-Ah Testa 1st team members are all dead really.

-Is this what happens?;;; I’m a bit embarrassed. I should have just brought out a strong next album…

‘It would seem like you have no sense using profane language.’

That was difficult.

Now is the time to choose everything carefully and restore your image well.

And there was no need to explain this cruelly.

“Hmm to be honest I want to do as Ahyeon says but… if you want to speak naturally you have to do it in passing right? “Then I don’t think it will get much attention.”

“ah…!”

“Of course we can persuade those who listen but we are now perfect for more people! “I have to leave an impression.”

Keun Se-jin spoke skillfully. Sun Ah-hyun nodded firmly with an understanding look on her face.

“Ugh. “Then it would be better to show it with clear action…!”

“yes.”

But… I still don’t know how to release this damn album.

“…it’s not okay to put off the album altogether. hmm. “I have to reassure the fans.”

“Hmmmm.”

No matter whether the album was postponed or postponed no matter what concept was chosen risks and losses could not be avoided.

There was a brief moment of silence among those holding their heads.

And Bae Se-jin clenched his fist.

“How about just ignoring everything and preparing hard? “This isn’t about leaving it to chance it’s about just trusting the way we did it.”

“brother…”

Kim Rae-bin blinked as if she was slightly moved by Bae Se-jin’s words.

And Big Se-jin also looked at him with eyes filled with melancholy.

“That’s great but… isn’t this exactly the way we’ve been doing it? “Work hard to come up with a strategy.”

“…uh?”

That’s… right.

“Brother this attitude of intensely analyzing the situation and responding! “Isn’t this what the best tester should be?”

“Uh… hmm I guess so.”

Bae Se-jin looked a little dazed but eventually nodded.

Persuasion was successful among people with the same name who did not get along well. It was a rare scene.

“Furthermore this industry is stimulating people’s interest in more and more provocative ways. “It’s the same with Halo Haim this time.”

“Halo Haim?”

“It’s a group that uses dating reality shows as its own content and it’s currently ranked #1 on the music charts.”

“what?”

Keun Se-jin explained what unusual marketing methods the mixed group used.

And he said in a firm voice to Bae Se-jin who was astonished “Why are entertainment agencies becoming more and more immoral?”

“Our competitors are risking their lives on marketing.”

“…”

“Well if we walk alone on the well-made path someday people will notice and we might turn back and do that… but it would be too wasteful to do that. “This is our environment now.”

Several guys nodded at those serious words.

“I know what you mean.”

Bae Se-jin also had a serious expression.

It was to shake my head.

“But I don’t want to promote our album like that.”

I thought we were in agreement but I guess we’re not.

Even Sun Ah-hyeon opened her mouth with a somewhat stern expression.

“I… me too.”

“…”

“I can’t help it if I have to but… I think it’s a little strange. “It feels like I’m deceiving the fans.”

“…okay.”

Keun Se-jin skillfully expressed his opinion without insisting further.

“In the first place we didn’t mean to use that method. “We decided to consider using a somewhat unusual and provocative method.”

“Ugh.”

“…okay. know.”

Bae Se-jin also nodded.

Now it might be hard to watch those two fighting like dogs while shouting ‘Why do you think like that?’

That was a good thing.

‘Yes but… ’

The purpose of the meeting continues to be unachieved.

No matter how much I proceeded I couldn’t come up with a sharp number.

I rubbed my chin.

No matter what you do it’s an either/or choice and no matter how you release the album you’ll lose…

“…”

wait for a sec.

‘album?’

I felt a spark fly in my head.

“Why did you only think of it as an album?”

“uh?”

“It doesn’t have to be an album.”

That’s right.

From activities to the next full-length album.

Since the cause and process of all of these things are related to the activity period I naturally thought of only an album that created that activity period as a solution.

But in fact the only thing Testa can show is not just his comeback with an album.

“How much large-scale content other than albums have we created so far?”

Even our own content concert tour and collaboration game.

Big Sejin snapped his fingers.

“Oh that’s right! “We can show a new and intense stage in the content that fans watch a lot!”

“…!”

The atmosphere of the meeting changed in response.

“I see! If you make it well all your fans will see it…”

“Ohhhhhh!”

“But isn’t it a bit more informal than an album?”

“That’s the best part.”

I grinned.

“It has nothing to do with grades.”

“…!!”

In other words you can create as strong a concept as you want without considering music rankings or album sales.

“In the first place this is the content that fans mainly watch. “The general public doesn’t care that much.”

You may pass by without knowing that Testa came out that way.

There is no need to be disappointed that it is not the easy listening song that the public is currently expecting and there is no need to compare it to Epic’s music rankings!

“…And are you saying that it was good enough to become a hot topic even if it received public attention?”

“Of course.”

This is the correct answer.

My head was spinning as soon as I was able to answer all the questions.

With my adrenaline pumping I turned to the group leader.

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth.

“What is the content closest to our schedule?”

* * *

After some time.

When the programs filmed by Testa were coming to an end a video was uploaded to their official WeTube.

But this time no one was surprised.

[202X TeSTAR ‘HUNT or BE HUNTED’ WORLD TOUR TRAILER]

This is because it was information that all fans already knew.

Testa’s tour resumes.

-The kids’ tour is starting again.

-But weren’t all the tickets sold… Are there any additional schedules? Why is this a promo video?

-There’s a new tour subtitle Hunt All Be Hunted?

Puzzled by the details fans clicked on the video.

I was speculating that maybe it was released now because the schedule had been pushed back.

[Hello.]

The video as always had great colors.

The previous title song &lt;Hunting&gt; was arranged somewhat more elegantly and more intensely and a few classic hotel props were passed by.

Gold doorbell ornate lobby metal key vintage telephone.

‘Is old-fashioned travel a concept?’

And black-and-white upper body close-ups of the members wearing suits in between!

However because the face was shaded the face could not be seen properly.

‘…’

In other words there wasn’t enough stimulation.

‘There’s nothing really new.’

The 32-second video was just a formal introduction to the tour trailer concept. Fans watched it with a feeling of ‘That’s right.’

But the last 5 seconds.

It was a moment when the beautiful exterior of the hotel was illuminated and the title ‘HUNT or BE HUNTED’ appeared in accordance with the final melody of the arranged &lt;Hunting&gt;.

Suddenly soft colors appeared in the building and classically arranged BGM began to play.

‘…?’

and.

[-&gt; Enter the hotel.]

[-&gt; Leaving.]

‘…!’

A choice appeared.

To related videos.
