---
title: "Chapter 572"
category: "book"
index: 571
section: "Chapter 572"
slug: "572"
---

# Chapter 572

-Click Now (Link)

That morning the graduate student checks the message sent the night before by Moon Dae Park’s first friend.

No actually I was no longer a graduate student.

“oh!”

Because last December she finally graduated from graduate school!

After freeing herself from being a slave… or rather a graduate student she enjoyed the effect of making the world seem three times more beautiful. She happily clicked on the link and realized that it was a promotional video for Testa’s new tour.

‘This year I made all reservations to go on a tour for at least a few days!’

I wondered if a friend who knew about his grand plan had sent it to get excited.

However at the end of the video with a classic hotel building in the background I was impressed by the voice when related videos appeared as options on both sides.

“and!”

This too was content!

‘Is this a game that was on a previous album? ‘It’s the same thing!’

It reminded me of the interactive game that was the concept of the last album. She felt happy for a moment as she remembered Park Moon-dae wearing a phantom thief uniform.

I thought maybe they moved the format to WeTube so you could enjoy it more lightly!

“hmm.”

And she identified two options that were clearly different to anyone.

[-&gt; Enter the hotel.]

[-&gt; Leaving.]

Hmm… Of course you have to go inside here for the story to progress.

The graduate student came up with an interesting idea with a clear head.

‘Shall we look at it from the other side?’

There was enough time to check both.

Yes I had plenty of time to do that now that I graduated from graduate school!

This is because she is employed at a research institute of a certain company and is enjoying a sweet break right before her official appointment.

Thanks to you I clicked below with a generous heart.

[-&gt; Leaving.]

And my heart pounded.

‘Last time in that album game… you just got caught by the guard and got the game over right?’

This is because I started imagining what would happen if I chose the wrong option.

This time the title song was even titled ‘Hunting’ so I was excited to see just how unconventional it would be.

And the video plays.

In the black screen the hotel I saw earlier slowly appeared again.

[Goodbye Lover~]

Pastel-toned Gulim subtitles came to mind.

“…?”

Testa’s warm smiling face was seen waving excitedly in the sky.

It was half-transparent and roughly synthesized and it passed like the ending of a bad drama.

[We hope you visit again. \:)]

[-Happy End-]

“…?”

It was a happy ending.

Anyway that was it.

The graduate student rubbed his eyes but the image did not change.

“no.”

She looked at the screen blankly for a moment and eventually burst out laughing.

What is kidnapping!

‘I guess I overthought it!’

I’ve never played games like this much so I’m reflecting on whether I’m generalizing too much.

‘Well this is fun too.’

She glanced at the number of ‘hahaha’s in the comment box and then clicked back to check her options again.

‘Let’s do it right this time!’

[-&gt; Enter the hotel.]

The related video started with the effect of being sucked into the hotel according to the selection.

‘oh.’

And in silence.

Along with the sound of footsteps a vision as if one were looking at their feet and walking appeared in the video.

Tap tap tap.

Midday. The view is as if you are watching a man’s shoes neatly climbing up a granite staircase from a seat next to them shining on the owner.

[Is motion sickness okay?]

It was Liu Chengwu.

His handsome face dressed in a classic suit and with his hair slicked back looked a little worried.

“Wow.”

And the graduate student realized something.

This wasn’t played from the member’s perspective like the game in the last album.

The camera view is from the first person perspective of the person who clicked on this video!

[Let’s go in.]

It even seemed like she was married to Liu Chengwu.

‘Honeymoon!’

Oh no it wasn’t a marriage of course it could have been just a couple but the distant look and friendly attitude automatically reminded me of that kind of relationship.

“Wow crazy.”

Ryu Cheng-wu on screen was so stunning that even a former graduate student who had only moderately positive feelings for him drooled.

‘Is this the postponement? Is that it?’

Is that really what hunting means?

Thinking about dating reality shows she nodded inwardly. It seemed like fun.

Some people may have been worried that Testa might make a dark mark on his senior year by making comments that seemed overly aimed but the non-literate Korean graduate student just enjoyed watching the video.

As we entered the nice hotel we saw a counter beyond a very traditional lobby with a chandelier.

And even the tall employee with a cold expression standing behind him.

[…Thank you for visiting Red Wonder Hotel. How can I help you?]

[Oh yes. We made a reservation.]

Raebin Kim checked in at the desk wearing a hotelier’s uniform with red stripes.

The neatly organized hairstyle with bangs had a strange boyish look to it.

‘You look handsome!’

However from this point on it feels a bit strange.

Excited.

I started to hear the grandfather clock ticking.

As the rather meaningful BGM plays quietly the employee taps on the list with a pen… then takes his eyes off and looks up.

[…]

‘uh?’

I think the front desk staff just gave a sideways glance at the ‘main character’…?

However the employee who opened his mouth again was still polite.

[yes. Confirmed.]

[Do you have any other requests?]

And related video options appear again on both sides of Kim Rae-bin who politely puts her hands together.

[-&gt; Please stay on a comfortable high floor.]

[-&gt; Please move to a quiet room outside.]

Oooh. It was unusual.

I guess it was a thriller not a romance. Of course she stretched out her hand.

‘This is a high rise!’

If you go to a quiet room won’t you be hunted?

After making a guess that felt like a thriller movie she clicked on the related video without hesitation…

[It’s already been a day.]

“…?”

[Are you okay with your fatigue? Let’s go back now.]

We see a video of Liu Chengwu smiling and looking back at himself.

As we leave the hotel door together the sun is shining outside.

“…??”

[We hope you visit again. \:)]

[-Happy End-]

The main character seems to have enjoyed a happy staycation in a comfortable high-rise room!

It was a happy ending.

“…??”

And graduate students watch this scene over and over again.

That’s right.

If you choose your options well… the video selection ends with a happy ending saying ‘It was a happy vacation!’

“…”

When I saw the comment I thought ‘Are you serious?’ Complaints were being made in all kinds of languages such as ‘Forcing an endless happy ending’ ‘Ryu Cheong-wu is good-looking so they put up with it’ etc.

It was the same after that.

[-Happy End-]

This structure skips all intermediate content and links to a happy ending the moment something happens!

Happy ending if you let your guard down!

“…”

The graduate student suddenly chose ‘Leaving’ and went back to the ridiculous happy ending video he had watched.

And I read more closely the comments on the video filled with ‘hahaha’ that I had just passed by at first.

– Hahahahahahahahahaha

-Is it you again?

-Wow a happy ending is really great no matter what!

-I only put the ending with Cheong-woo so you can at least see Ryu Cheong-woo’s face.

-You get the king really hahahaha.

She realized.

‘You have to choose a questionable option…!’

And then a fierce battle of brains to avoid a happy ending began.

I became overly immersed.

In addition as events where members spoke or made cool appearances popped up I found myself clicking on options that continued the story just to see them.

“Oh really!”

If you choose the right choice while choosing the wrong option the catharsis of an unpredictable reward comes out!

[Hello!]

Suddenly Cha Yu-jin breaks into the hotel room by climbing a rope from the ceiling and smiles as Bae Se-jin buys her coffee at the hotel cafe. After ringing the doorbell Lee Se-jin grins and says room service…

[Shall I listen to you?]

And even the blunt but kind bellboy Park Moon-dae we meet in the elevator!

“Aaaah!!”

[ah.]

The former graduate student clenched his fist as he glanced at Park Moon-dae who instead extended his hand to press the floor and even waved his hand awkwardly.

‘This is kind of exciting!’

It was definitely fun to build friendships with the members by finding out which videos they were in.

At the same time the story progressed through long videos of about 10 minutes that appeared occasionally.

[Have you ever heard a rumor about this hotel?]

[The missing person.]

Bae Se-jin revealed that she was a reporter and chatted about the rumors surrounding this old boutique hotel.

[The last place some of the missing people stayed was this hotel…]

[Although it is not very reliable.]

However through Cha Yu-jin who secretly broke into the ventilation shaft in search of her missing friend the rumor gradually takes on a more concrete outline.

[This is him!]

This is because the photo of her friend Cha Yu-jin showed was Kim Rae-bin standing at the front desk!

‘Huh oh oh.’

For your information the former graduate student was very worried about whether or not he should tell Cha Yu-jin that fact.

After selecting ‘Inform me’ I anxiously watched the related video and fortunately the content continued.

Cha Yu-jin said thank you and went back into the vent.

‘after.’

But the sigh of relief did not last long.

This is because the moment I met Bae Se-jin again I received an unexpected criticism.

[Are the staff friendly? Ah that bellboy.]

[…They pressed the floor for you to go to?]

[How does the bellboy know where you stay?]

“Huhhhhhhh!”

As the story with its twists and turns reaches its climax.

The former graduate student encounters the ‘bellboy’ again in the elevator.

[…hello.]

“Whoa.”

And again options appear on both sides of bellboy Park Moon-dae who is wearing a white hat.

[-&gt; (I picked up the item from the bellboy.)]

[-&gt; (I did not pick up the item from the bellboy.)]

The answer to this seemed obvious.

‘This must be done with kindness!’

The decision not to pick it up was a landmine no matter who saw it! Doesn’t it appear a lot in dramas?

However there was a defect in the jade.

‘Did I choose the option of having the bellboy pick up my items or not?’

It seemed like it wasn’t.

In fact there may have been a video containing such an event but it was not among the related videos that she selected.

Why is it that even in psychological tests if you move the arrows to follow the options the algorithm appears to be twisted like this?

‘No… But if something like that had come out I would have listened to it unconditionally!’

The graduate student could not overcome his desire to see the next content right away and eventually rationalized it to himself.

And clicked.

[-&gt; (I picked up the item from the bellboy.)]

That moment.

In the dark elevator another person turned his head from where the bellboy should have been standing.

It was Sun Ah-hyeon smiling.

“…?”

That beautiful face slowly closes up.

[I never picked it up.]

thud.

The screen crackles and he falls to the floor of the elevator.

And fade out.

“…!”

It was the first game over.

The former graduate student covered his mouth and looked at the screen for a while.

It was all the more shocking because I was used to repeated mild happy endings that pissed people off.

She marveled at the taste of meta horror before barely able to press return.

And this time I honestly clicked ‘I didn’t pick it up.’

‘Wow Mr.’

I was so engrossed in it that a cold sweat broke down my spine.

Chirik.

The related video you clicked was played immediately.

At that moment…

[It’s already been a day.]

[Are you okay with your fatigue? Let’s go back now.]

Happy Ending Ryu Cheong-woo appears again.

“evil!”

The graduate student hit his head.

‘Where did I make the wrong choice!’

She was about to accept that both options were crap and think about asking her friend for a strategy.

And it was while I was looking at the handsome face of Ryu Cheong-woo.

[ah.]

Liu Chengyu stopped walking.

“…?”

Originally this repeated ‘happy ending’ was supposed to end with me leaving the hotel with him… but the lobby door did not open.

Instead Liu Chengyu took something out of his arms.

[Now that I think about it… there is something the employee asked me to deliver to you.]

[this.]

Liu Chengwu held out a thin rectangular piece of paper with colorful gold leaf engraving on it.

That was… a ticket.

[He said ‘Thank you for your honest answer.’]

thud.

thud.

There was a close-up of the ticket with an accompaniment sound.

And the graduate student noticed.

The shape of the ticket looked somewhat familiar.

Something you have already seen in real life.

–

‘crazy.’

It was Testa’s ticket for this tour.
