---
title: "Chapter 573"
category: "book"
index: 572
section: "Chapter 573"
slug: "573"
---

# Chapter 573

Concert tickets.

As if being sucked in the former graduate student looked at the ticket that Liu Chengwu held out to him on the screen.

A punched gold leaf invitation.

From the first time I saw the ticket I thought it had a somewhat vintage concept design.

But it felt natural because it was in a video from the right era. At the same time the impact of real objects sticking out of nowhere is mixed leaving a mysterious impression.

As the ticket got closer and closer on the screen the meaningful atmosphere became even more intense…

The video has ended.

‘uh?’

The former graduate student blinked and looked at the screen which had turned black and had only a replay mark.

Is this the end?

Somewhere… it felt empty.

‘Of course it was fun but… ’

There were things that were left unexplained and unexplained that seemed to be cut off in the middle leaving me feeling uncomfortable.

‘Well maybe it’s just me.’

She quickly clicked on the comment.

And saw.

-Wow if you turn this around…

Ugh.

Without reading further she immediately took down the comment window.

That was definitely a hint.

‘Look what else there is!’

My heart was pounding.

She clicked the ‘Replay’ mark on the video and began watching it carefully from the beginning.

The scene where Liu Chengwu talks to him and goes to the lobby door.

‘It’s the same up to here.’

There was definitely nothing unusual in the beginning.

She began to look more closely at the screen when Liu Chengwu stopped and started talking to her.

[Now that I think about it… there is something the employee asked me to deliver to you.]

And found it.

‘uh…?’

[Z9nIgQhLdw]

The serial number section of the ticket in close-up had clearly visible letters printed on it.

widely.

She reflexively stopped the screen and looked at the corresponding text.

And while I was trying to write it down… an idea suddenly crossed my mind and I clicked ‘See more’ on the video.

“…!”

The corresponding code was also included in the video description. So that it can be easily copied.

‘also!’

This is it.

She was convinced and thought about where the code could be used.

It didn’t seem like a computer language or error code.

Then… if it’s code related to the video.

The former graduate student looked at the screen and realized something the moment he saw the top line.

‘It’s the address!’

Isn’t there a long line in the address bar of this video you are watching now? Random characters similar to codes are behind the slash bar!

Heart pounding she deleted the letters and instead pasted the code she found into the address bar.

[https\://wetu.be/Z9nIgQhLdw]

I pressed Enter in the address bar I entered like that.

widely.

The page is connected.

“and!”

Found it!

The thrill of solving a difficult quiz and winning a prize made me clench my fists.

And the new video moves.

[HUNTING CIRCUS]

The tour ticket seen in the previous video appeared on the screen.

However it soon disappeared from sight as if he was lowering what he was holding with his hand. And the scenery that the ticket had covered was revealed.

A roller coaster.

The view was as if the ‘main character’ was riding in the first compartment.

“oh?”

When the screen that illuminated the nose of the red roller coaster moved as if to raise its head a dark tent with swirling scarlet stripes appeared in front of it.

‘Circus tent!’

At that moment the roller coaster starts!

“oh!”

When the tent in front of you opens and the roller coaster seems to be sucked into it…

It’s a different world.

-Welcome.

Inside a huge circus tent.

Greeting on the dark stage is Kim Rae-bin dressed in a classic suit. The shining spotlights were scattered around it.

In the background light bulbs twinkled above a simple structure made of colorful fabric and steel frames.

And against the background of the bursting flower showers Kim Rae-bin who was in the spotlight seemed to bow politely…

Hands reached out from the darkness behind him with a grasping motion.

A tickling accordion sound.

And the hands move with graceful gestures like spiders.

-The tables have been turned

Today you are the sheep

A gesture of fingers collectively pointing at the other person beyond the camera.

Gun barrels protruded from both sides of the roller coaster and shot at the screen.

“…!”

As if to tease instead of bullets confetti fireworks exploded and sparkled in the lights.

-Run further go ahead

It’s fun doing somersaults

As the slightly creepy forged brass sounds the roller coaster moves as if running away and circles the stage halfway.

Then Testa’s formation changed direction as if chasing a roller coaster.

“omg.”

Ryu Cheong-woo turns and sits down in front of the testa standing diagonally.

-(Run Run!)

Spin around in a circle under the stage

Come on again back in place

The wild choreography mixed with a bit of tutting is exquisitely adjusted to enhance the flavor.

It was a completely different composition from the existing &lt;Hunting&gt; song.

‘omg.’

Not only the arrangement but also the choreography changed.

Originally &lt;Hunting&gt; was a wild song with a more weighty somewhat bloody group dance.

But now it feels more playful and mischievous.

-Show must go on like me

You can’t go out either

You said that just enjoy it

More rhythmic whole body movements.

The choreography unfolded as if bouncing off the ends of the limbs of center Cha Yu-jin who hit with a grin and stretched out right in front of the roller coaster moving the field of vision with one’s fingertips.

&lt;Hunting&gt; which was arranged more extravagantly and classically rang in my ears like a rush.

And the gorgeous choreography which included as much detail as the arrangement caught the eye because it fit together so well.

-Just enjoy it

“under…”

It was clear that all the elements of the existing song were made by boldly but delicately controlling them.

It was that intense and good.

So the viewer naturally realizes this.

‘This is a real tour promotion video!’

However Testa did not openly display this stage which seemed to have been invested with money and time for people to see. Rather it was hidden.

-A night of reversal

Time to hunt (Yea-h)

If you leave the hotel satisfied with the happy ending you won’t see it.

Only those who stayed with Testa until the end and personally thought about and experienced it were able to reach it on their own.

In the thrilling stage video that is given like a reward at the end.

Maximizing the sense of accomplishment.

-Call up it’s hunting season

“uh…”

refrain. With Sun Ah-hyun at the center the colorful and technical circus-like choreography unfolded as if following the camera’s movements.

pop.

Fireworks and lights explode and the roller coaster suddenly stops again in front of the stage.

The lights turned on brighter.

-Woooo!

A finale that seems to fit the bill.

The final dance break filled the screen with a full shot in accordance with the acrobatic faster arrangement.

The movement of hands covered in white gloves and black shoes strongly fills the edges of the camera.

The performance which was reaching its peak with explosive drum and brass solos ended with an intense close-up.

Following the pounding drum roll of the final accompaniment each testa politely bowed at different times.

And finally the moment center Lee Se-jin said hello the spotlight turned off.

BAMMM!

It was an ending.

“Whoa!”

The former graduate student realized that he was obsessively looking at the screen in a posture perfect for turtle neck and quickly adjusted his posture.

‘It was so good… ’

But the video isn’t over yet.

[…]

The video’s first-person perspective looks down from the stage with the lights off and looks back at the front of the roller coaster.

It was as quiet as if a rat had died.

But soon the engine turned on with a vibration-like tremor.

‘oh.’

And when the camera turns its attention back to the stage after confirming that the roller coaster’s engine is running.

[It will be more fun this time.]

Sun Ah-hyun whom he met in the elevator was smiling and looking at him.

“…!”

On the screen where only small subtitles and a mouth shape appear without sound Sun Ah-hyun reaches out with one hand and pulls the camera.

‘uh?’

And the moment I suddenly let go of the camera.

Hwii-!

The roller coaster reverses and leaves the tent with a thumping sound.

Then the lights come on again in the closed circus tent and finally a huge subtitle appears above it.

[Prologue\: Welcome to the hunt house]

“…”

&lt;Hunting&gt; arranged like BGM using an accordion flows and the letters move up. It was the ending credits.

The former graduate student realized something.

This was not a hidden hidden ending.

This was the final destination of those complicated choices.

And one more thing.

‘It was a prologue.’

All of this is the background explanation at the beginning of the preface.

And perhaps this chapter begins precisely where we go with that invitation.

The concert hall!

* * *

[Is Testa crazy?]

I clicked on the article without any anger at all.

——————==

What are they doing when all the concert tickets have already been sold? They’re pretending to give me the tickets and saying haha among themselves. Isn’t this a deception? I’m going to sue them.

——————==

Even the ‘I agree’ comments running below.

I nodded.

oh.

‘It looks like you had a great time.’

That’s right.

Testa’s tour promotional video served its purpose well.

This is to stimulate the interest of fans and prove that they are beginners.

-Who says Testa is easy?

-The choreography is crazy. It would be a shame to only use this for concerts.

-Please release the practice video no let’s work with this.

-Why are you a fan of this fan song saying you need to stop beating people up in advance?

Public opinion flipped immediately on the date it was revealed. I watched it with a draft beer.

‘It was neat.’

As the intense performance was visible the number of mentions increased like crazy.

Oh my efforts to change the atmosphere didn’t work as expected.

-It’s just that this was planned last year. I guess we’ll have to wait until we see the next album to find out… hmm.

└This is a remark made to a crazy and toxic idol who changes all the titles and even adds new choreography to fit the concert concept.

‘You’ve had a lot of trouble.’

And actually these behind-the-scenes reactions are just for reference… I was satisfied with the reactions I could see from the fans.

Achieving expectations gave me a thrilling sense of accomplishment.

‘good.’

But what’s interesting is that it didn’t end here.

-Anyone tried this? LOL

People who weren’t fans started trying it.

This is despite the fact that this was content strictly targeting the existing fan base.

In fact the purpose was not to sell more tickets but rather it was used as an excuse to bash the content so no additional concert tickets were sold.

To be honest I didn’t expect it to have such an impact.

‘You hid the performance video that much.’

This is because only those who are willing to actively dig up the content can enjoy it properly.

Since it is not an official music video there is no need to worry about the number of views so this was chosen.

But… it seems that it has subtly stimulated people’s tastes.

‘Should I call this… the feeling of standing in line at a restaurant that is hard to get to?’

A desire for challenge.

-Oh I shouldn’t have clicked on the promo video in advance…

-Even if you don’t look at the Testa promo walkthrough it will appear if you click on it so please just do it the first time you play.

-Please Lee Se-jin tell me some options to become friends with Room Service Fox.

Additionally there were other factors that lowered the barrier to entry.

‘It’s not paid.’

As accessibility improved it seemed like people who were really bored could easily click on it unlike ‘Roll the Dice’ where you had to buy the album to legally play it.

The fact that it was connected to a short WeTube video also seemed to have played a role in lowering the psychological barrier.

So… that is.

-When are tickets available for the Testa concert?

-Can I only see the behind-the-scenes content at the concert?ㅠㅠ

…Surprisingly there really was additional demand!

“Hey how about we… schedule some more concerts?”

It was so bad that even Sun Ah-hyeon felt it and said this.

Of course that doesn’t mean you can’t just increase the number of times because you might get too excited and schedule additional performances which could mess up your schedule.

‘I think we can meet the demand in other ways.’

I quickly came up with a few plans.

However there was something to do first before realizing this plan.

Because Testa had an existing schedule.

“Mundae you know we have a joint concert in Singapore next week.”

“Oh yes.”

“Do you want to do a newly arranged version of ‘The Hunt’ there too?”

The KPOP overseas group concert held on the airwaves was just around the corner. Since I had already taken that route I thought I should appear on it at least once so I said okay.

They say it’s commemorating the 50th anniversary of the exchange between their broadcasting stations but actually that’s not important.

Well we just have to do our best…

“I think it’ll be okay though.”

The new mixed group appeared in this joint concert.

Halo Haim.

A new group created from members of &lt;Be My Girls&gt; who were originally affiliated with this agency.

And… Youngrindo who produced the group.

So a few days later Testa was able to meet the group and its officials in person for the first time.
