---
title: "Chapter 575"
category: "book"
index: 574
section: "Chapter 575"
slug: "575"
---

# Chapter 575

The big moon has disappeared.

I got a call saying that Ryu Geon-woo is missing…

-teacher! Stay calm. You need to stay calm so we can talk.

A voice rang in my head from beyond the smartphone. Tell him to calm down.

As always with bad news.

“yes.”

-You didn’t know about your absence.

“yes.”

-When was the last time you contacted your brother?

I reflected back.

Last contact with Geoldal.

After Testa’s Singapore joint concert aired I got a call from him saying he enjoyed it.

-The ending was really cool.

He said he enjoyed watching me appear in the ending and said he was doing well.

that…

“It was three days ago.”

There is a bit of urgency in the voice on the other end of the smartphone.

-At that time did your younger brother mention anything different from usual such as wanting to go to a specific place or somewhere wanting to see the sun… anything like that?

“…”

There wasn’t.

It’s just… I asked Testa Park Moon-dae what he was up to and he replied that he was doing well.

-Of course I’m doing well.

That was it.

The guy didn’t say anything about himself. Not a single one.

Like X.

“…no.”

The short silence was thick.

A voice that seemed to be soothing the other person and suppressing nervous irritation was heard again on the other end of the phone.

-… Teacher your younger brother has been absent without notice for five days already.

Five days.

-We tracked the location of the cell phone today and found the smartphone. And we are searching because we received an eyewitness report that he went to the mountain yesterday.

-I’m a little past the point where I wonder if there’s anything wrong with a grown man.

“…”

-Teacher you said you contacted your younger brother three days ago right? That was the contact I made while absent without notice.

He said he was already absent from work at that time.

This winter… I went into the mountain alone.

Why?

-Teacher you are the only person who still has a contact record from that time.

“…”

-You need to think calmly now. As the night goes on the temperature drops and it becomes more difficult to search. Since the last sighting has been a day or so the best way to find it quickly is now.

I had to find out what the guy was going for and where he was headed.

‘…now.’

I raised my head.

I saw a huge electronic wall clock with red LED lights on a black background.

[17\:04]

5\:04 p.m.

It is the time right before the sun sets during the cold wave of early February.

and…

56 minutes before the start of the Testa concert.

Tick.

It gradually decreases.

-The only family member saved on this phone right now is my teacher.

-The mountain was not specified. The search will be faster if we narrow down the scope of where Ryu Geon-woo was trying to go at the time.

Tick.

So… there are 56 minutes left until the concert. No I have to say something in 55 minutes.

-Or is there anyone else who is like family to you? Who did you meet recently?

Tick.

“As far as I know there is none.”

Geoldal has no immediate biological family. As Park Moon-dae and Ryu Geon-woo

Moreover because I had been in the system for a long time I wasn’t really interested in building friendships with other people.

So I am the closest person.

Yes if you need someone to look for clues in what he said or guess at his way of thinking it’s just me.

I had to look for a hint.

-Then… Teacher first of all just say whatever comes to mind during the conversation that day.

but.

Tick.

“I feel calmer than before.”

– And?

does not exist.

This… was the end.

I never heard a word about the mountain from him.

“…”

‘Why don’t I know anything?’

why?

It’s not too late this time.

I didn’t check the missed calls that ended several hours later. I think I received the call on time but if nothing changes even if I answer it…

‘no.’

The smartphone hit my chin.

I realized my hands were shaking.

‘Fuck you.’

My brain just couldn’t work.

I’m trying to use my brain to find clues as to what Big Moon was thinking and where he might have headed but at the moment when he should be working best than ever he doesn’t listen.

You’re fucking good at this stuff.

‘hey.’

I don’t have time you idiot.

Still it didn’t move.

The sound of my heart pounding reaches my head.

The brain’s efficiency has hit rock bottom. It didn’t move.

Tick.

But time doesn’t wait.

So… what if I’m late again?

What if I start thinking only after the concert has already started?

Tick.

Can you make time to contact me during the performance? No there is no time for that. There is no way that a phone call could be made normally during the five minutes it takes to change clothes rehydrate and wear an oxygen mask. In such tight times there is no time to grab the phone.

Then… I

Tick.

I

-teacher? Calm down.

“Hueup.”

I took a short breath.

-Now take a breath. Listen. We can conduct searches even at night so don’t be too pessimistic…

-This is the 119 Mountain Rescue Team of the Incheon Ganghwa Fire Department. If you search for the address it will come up right away so you can continue the conversation as you come. Calmly and calmly.

“…”

The rescue worker explains the route as if it were obvious.

The assumption is that I was in a hurry right now and forgot to ask for the address.

It was a natural expectation that the moment they heard it they would immediately run out grab a taxi and go to the place where they said they were conducting a search operation.

but.

‘I am… ’

I have to do a concert.

Testa poured ideas and investment into this tour at the level of a regular album. This is a critical time that could possibly determine the team’s decline or rise.

And this was the first performance that would determine the impression of the entire tour.

If you go out of this waiting room right now there are people sitting in the audience. There are a lot of people out there who are looking forward to the performance and have prepared for this day.

In addition this concert adopted a story that emphasized each member’s character and organically connected each stage.

But if I fall out.

What about my solo song performance? What about large size? How on earth are they going to handle my part? Who will fill that void? There was no discussion or preparation.

The perfection of the performance will be shattered.

The evaluation of the tour is ruined.

And the reputation of fans about Testa.

-Wow Gommer was having a concert even though he was out of shape…

-Your initial intention is shattered.

-I’m so disappointed. Really no matter what the concert… What’s the team atmosphere like? Is this even possible?

So if I had at least one day not just three days…

I lowered my head and looked at my hands.

My tightly clenched knuckles were turning white.

There was no cold sweat.

I opened my mouth.

“I’m… working right now.”

-yes?

The response was that it was absurd.

Two is convinced that he heard wrong.

I guess so. They say their family is missing but who is saying bullshit that it’s hard to talk because they’re at work?

Who… I couldn’t answer that phone call so every year on that day I would feel like shit and it would come to me in my dreams every day.

I.

Just like I did…

“…”

Suddenly a sense of reality returned.

Am I now worrying about how much I can achieve my goal while receiving a phone call telling me that a family member may have died?

What is this now?

“Mundae…!”

I… But if you think about it rationally.

“Park Moon-dae!”

“…!”

I raised my head as hands grabbed both of my shoulders.

It was Sun Ah-hyun.

Strangely enough I reflexively felt that the area he was holding was hot but then I realized that wasn’t the case I was turning blue as if I had lost blood.

If I was in this state it would be easy for me to lose my head.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun seemed to be examining my complexion thoroughly but then she let go of her hand.

But a firm voice was heard.

“I think my freckles hurt.”

“what?”

The surroundings were noisy.

Only then did I barely shift all my attention from my smartphone to my surroundings.

Now it was time to go out and wait. But when I was stuck here on the phone the people watching seemed to come rushing in.

And my eyes focus on the smartphone in my hand.

“Who’s calling?”

I had no answer to Sun Ah-hyun’s question.

This is because a shaky voice was already coming out of the smartphone.

-… yes. Well we will assume that your family is busy and we will continue the search.

“…search?”

The atmosphere changed once more at the unusual word.

“Excuse me but who are you searching for now?”

-yes?

I grabbed my smartphone and looked at the guys who started talking among themselves.

Members of this group.

When I saw those faces before the concert my breathing and my head finally started to calm down.

“…”

As I broke through the panic a clear answer came to mind.

It was obvious.

‘There’s nothing I can do anyway.’

For some reason my brain wasn’t working properly. There was no way that my helping with the search in this state would help in finding Ryu Geon-woo.

But if you don’t do the concert it will definitely be X.

So the answer has already been found.

“…yes. thank you.”

The members who had finished talking on their own took their faces off their smartphones. Judging from his stern face he seemed to have heard the entire explanation.

“…”

I raised my head.

38 minutes before the concert… no it’s now 37 minutes ago.

Now is the time to hang up the phone and prepare otherwise the opening will be disrupted.

‘Hang up the phone and get ready.’

That’s what I had to say.

But damn it my mouth wouldn’t drop.

‘Do it.’

If I don’t do it shouldn’t these guys be the ones to say that? I can’t pass that on to the kids.

I chewed my tongue and barely opened my mouth again.

“…therefore.”

That was before I even finished saying those words.

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth first.

“Go to Mundae.”

“…!”

“If you take a call taxi you will be there in 2 hours. “As you go talk quietly and without interruption.”

The idea of spending half of the concert time on the move came out of my mouth casually.

“that is”

I tried to refute it asking if it made sense.

“No I won’t listen to your judgment so just do as I say.”

“…”

“Okay? “Go and do everything you can.”

I asked back like a stupid asshole.

“The concert is.”

“We will do it.”

“no…”

Liu Chengyu looked at me and helped me up.

And he held out his smartphone which was still connected to the call.

“Don’t ask. “Because I have no intention of persuading you.”

“…”

“Don’t waste time go now.”

I held the smartphone he held out in my hand.

There was no rebuttal.

‘no.’

I turned my attention to the faces of the other members.

This is because I thought that someone like Keun Se-jin or Cha Yu-jin would definitely refute it rationally.

I thought that even if I couldn’t do it it would show on my face. Then I thought it would help me open my mouth.

“…”

But no one stopped it.

I moved in quiet cooperation.

“Please be quick.”

In an instant I boarded the call taxi.

“Don’t worry about anything else.”

The door closed after Seon Ah-hyun’s last words.

widely.

So I sat in the back seat of an unfamiliar car and started moving.

“…”

The singer left the venue 30 minutes before the concert.

It was so crazy that it didn’t even feel real.

So it was right to be more anxious. Because I’m sure I prepared the first day of the concert with my own hands… the future of the group depended on it.

Because it’s clear that the audience… will be disappointed.

“…”

My hands were shaking.

But do you know what’s funny? The thing is I don’t panic like shit anymore.

As if it were a lie blood began to circulate in my brain.

‘Fuck you.’

Because it’s already too late to go back to the concert.

There was no room left to worry anymore. I was able to focus all my attention on the safety of Geoldal.

I might not be late this time.

When I thought about it like that it was funny that even in this extreme nervousness my head began to spin.

“under.”

It was ridiculous that my brain was so happy to have a little peace returned even though the situation was like this. I closed my eyes laughing at my brain.

I then called the rescue worker who had called me earlier and asked for a detailed explanation of the situation.

Let’s think again.

A place worth going to big moons.

About his whereabouts over the past few days.

He was absent from work without permission for five days.

It seems that a report was finally made at work this morning. The disappearance of an adult male is not taken well but since he is a public servant it must have been easy.

And the result of tracking his smartphone. It was discovered at a supermarket in Ganghwa Island.

Ryu Geon-woo is said to have left no trace at a supermarket in Ganghwa Island yesterday saying “I’m on my way to the mountain.”

‘The search is slow because we don’t know which mountain it is… ’

There were many mountains worth climbing in Ganghwa Island.

If I was in the mountains for two days in winter I had to find it quickly. If you’re not careful verbs could also come out.

…However I know that the rescue workers were also concerned about other nuances.

If you suddenly went up the winter mountain in this weather without notice and left your smartphone behind…

It’s like you might not have thought about going down the mountain in the first place.

‘no.’

I grabbed my smartphone with both hands.

…It wouldn’t have happened.

There was no reason for him to do that. This guy even went on a trip to Sokcho to find out what he wanted to do…

But at that moment his recent contacts suddenly appeared in my mind.

-thank you.

-Of course you’ll do well.

“…”

Could it be that his calmness came from depression?

I couldn’t figure it out. Because we haven’t been able to have such deep conversations recently.

but.

‘If you start being swayed by this logic it’s over.’

This is an idea that is of no help in reasoning about wanting the guy to survive.

I gritted my teeth and cut that thought out.

And then we went back to keywords.

The guy’s purpose.

‘Why is it a mountain in Ganghwa Island?’

If it was a mountain like that there were many similar places in Seoul. Why go all the way to Incheon?

“…”

This body.

Park Moon-dae is from Incheon.

Feeling like I had discovered a connection somewhere I used my brain even more closely.

Are there any other connections? Ganghwado Ganghwado…

And suddenly a thought occurred to me.

-Oh well. It’s Ganghwa Island but…

“…!”

I went to Ganghwa Island with him.

I clearly remembered the reason. that.

-Stay in the sea. You said you wanted to do that before…

“…”

I immediately opened the map app and checked the geography of Ganghwa Island.

And then I called the rescue worker.

“I found a place worth searching first.”

-yes?

“Manisan.”

I pointed at a mountain.

“On the south side of the mountain… there is a good view of the sea and it is close by.”

If you look at the sea from above this mountain you will see the same sea off Ganghwado Island where he scattered his parents’ ashes.
