---
title: "Chapter 576"
category: "book"
index: 575
section: "Chapter 576"
slug: "576"
---

# Chapter 576

The search proceeded quickly.

– Confirmed! Let’s move down 2 pitches from our current position.

-Possibility of falling along the line of movement of victims on the southeast slab…

However no matter how narrow the search area was it was still a mountain at night. There is a limit to the search speed.

…especially if you can’t predict the current state of the castaway.

-Team 1 Move to the traverse section.

Sounds going back and forth on the radio. The sound of running breathless voices and notifications passed through the phone and dulled my ears.

It was after two hours in a hellish taxi.

“…”

Now I am getting out of the taxi and boarding the rescue vehicle at the front of the mountain.

It was natural to go directly into the mountains but it was not allowed. Is it possible to double the number of people in distress this night?

What is possible is to wait while answering questions that come in from time to time.

All I can do is wait endlessly.

continue.

…I wouldn’t be able to refute it if I said I was glad I could wait for him to come back.

“Isn’t your family cold?”

“it’s okay.”

I felt a glance at me.

Of course it’s not because it looks cold.

‘You must have recognized it.’

I did not underestimate the popularity of Testa Park Moon University.

Moreover the same applies even if you do not recognize Park Moon-dae.

Because I was running wearing only a stage costume and some padding.

If you look at me now you will wonder what on earth this person has been doing.

Gossip and chat.

Sometimes signs of interest from those around me prick my skin.

I thought.

‘It’s worth it.’

For these people seeing the family of a shipwrecked person is a daily routine and isn’t it an event for a celebrity to appear there?

‘Just not pretending to know is professionalism.’

therefore

“By the way… are you Ryu Geon-woo’s older brother?”

“…”

…It was natural to hear questions like this.

“We called each other ‘brother’ as a joke… and that was it. “He is like family to me.”

“iced coffee…”

At first people nod their heads despite this poor explanation. You probably think that a famous idol didn’t intentionally impersonate a family member.

“…”

I never imagined that I would benefit like this from having a well-known face.

‘Anyway you’re not real family are you? I didn’t feel relieved that the words ‘Why are you here?’ were not asked.

‘It’s good anyway.’

But… if I don’t think about this from time to time my brain won’t survive.

because

‘Because there’s no news yet!’

Two hours. It had already been two hours without even the slightest trace of the large moon!

I clenched my hands.

My head was spinning dizzyingly.

‘Did we narrow the search scope for no reason?’

What if Big Moon was injured and stuck somewhere else and I missed the chance to rescue him by talking nonsense without any basis?

Where is the guarantee that I won’t be wrong and that it will be helpful?…

‘shut up.’

I tend to panic every now and then. It’s useless.

I took a deep breath. Cold sweat broke out but I didn’t bother to wipe it off with my hands.

Then he calmly asked the rescue worker waiting to be contacted in the vehicle.

“By any chance how far did the search proceed within the scope I mentioned earlier?”

“Right now you can think of it as about half.”

It wasn’t an exact number.

But looking at his attitude it’s not a lie.

‘And of course we’ll start by looking in places where there’s a high possibility of finding the missing person… ’

The story is that there was no large moon in the movement route predicted by rescue experts\: ‘This is how the missing Ryu Geon-woo would have moved.’

That it didn’t move universally.

It also meant that Ryu Geon-woo’s movements were different from the predictions of these people who believed there was a strong possibility that he was a suicidal person.

That… is actually not a bad sign.

‘good.’

I pressed my knuckles.

In two hours half or less of the area was searched.

Even if we set the minimum number of areas to be searched after two more hours had passed it was well past 9 p.m.

The temperature has long since fallen below -5 degrees Celsius and if you have been in the mountains since yesterday you will be facing a double crisis.

So if there is one within my narrowed search range it’s fortunate but if not… it’s the worst.

Well even now since I made a mistake I should have either begged them to search other places as well or banged my head.

“…”

I chewed the inside of my mouth.

If only he had a smartphone.

‘Please I want to ask what you are thinking.’

No this situation would never have come to this in the first place. If there was still a system in place and you could only have conversations through pop-ups…

‘no.’

Even if you say that you miss situations like X nothing will get better.

You can still do it now.

There will be clues in what he has said and done so far.

Let’s think.

Out of things I’ve talked to him about so far or things I know about him.

The thing that is most vivid and gives you the best sense of his true feelings…

“…”

‘there is.’

I raised my head.

I have personally experienced the thoughts of the big moon.

When Keundal was originally Parkmun University.

The guy who was watching the video on my fancam account showed me how he came to think of wanting to die and the situation and emotions leading up to entering that old motel.

‘Compensation for the first condition.’

I still remember it vividly.

-I’m tired of living.

His thoughts.

“…”

I slowly opened my mouth.

“Can I ask you one question?”

“yes?”

“You are currently looking at places with a good view of the beach from Mt. Manisan.”

The rescue worker slightly nods his head as if saying so.

“Is there a place among them that you looked at first?”

The crew seemed a little conflicted but soon opened his mouth.

“…below the top of the rock. “Usually there are areas where a lot of people in distress are found.”

and.

“Access is originally prohibited but there are people who just go up there to go to a place with a good view of the beach. “There are places where it is difficult to get out because if you stumble and fall you will get injured.”

“…yes.”

“I’ve just looked through it mainly.”

I lost my footing and became isolated

A place you cannot escape from on your own.

It was a reasonable deduction and search.

But still.

“Can you please take a look at a location where I can come down on my own?”

I knew he was depressed.

-Isn’t it enough to stop living?

-But I didn’t really want to die.

It’s not that I want to die but it’s the kind of depression where I don’t really want to move.

If he really wanted to die he would have chosen another way.

because.

-The day was so cold that I couldn’t fall into the water or climb the mountain. Because I felt like I was going to give up halfway through.

Climbing the mountain was something I had personally excluded.

That’s why he chose the motel.

‘So you probably didn’t want to die.’

You don’t die on purpose.

But I’m tired and lethargic so I don’t move.

If that’s the case.

“It’s a location where you can move around alone with a good view of the beach… Please just this once.”

“…”

Even though he could have gone somewhere else he just stayed still.

‘Because it’s a position where I can see my parents alone without being disturbed.’

If this didn’t work I would have to admit that I don’t know anything about big moons and retract all my remarks.

And I had to quickly ask them to take a look at the other mountains.

But before that… I needed these people to listen to me.

‘please.’

If you ask why it was a proposal that was difficult to put together into reasonable words. I was gritting my teeth and coming up with excuses expecting to be rejected.

at that time.

The rescue worker seemed worried but eventually picked up the radio.

“wait a minute.”

“…!”

Okay… that’s it.

I almost wanted to rip off his grip but I held back.

…I was lucky because I was a celebrity. really.

And painful time passes again.

‘Fuck… please.’

My arms and legs were shaking with nervousness anxiety anticipation and fear.

I sat quietly in my seat trying to stop my thoughts from freely pursuing negative logic.

How long was such a long long wait?

Suddenly.

I noticed that the walkie-talkies here were ringing particularly quickly.

-here…

-backup! I would like to support you.

-Check location…

Amidst the sound footsteps and various voices mixing together I found one word that was different from before.

The words I was waiting for.

– Found it!

After a while.

I saw a helicopter coming down from the bottom of the mountain.

“be careful!”

The long ride hanging underneath the helicopter gently touches the floor and the strap is detached stably.

And there was a man who stumbled and was helped up.

Ryu Geon-woo.

It was a big month.

The guy was moving.

-Preparation for transfer to hospital…

“…”

In the middle of the radio the guy turned pale and looked at the floor with a blank face then looked up.

And then our eyes met.

“…brother.”

Without saying a word I ran over and hugged him tightly.

That’s how I realized it.

I am not late.

* * *

“Eat.”

Park Moon-dae or rather Keundal looked at the food in front of him.

Haejangguk is a soup that gives off hot steam.

Like someday.

A 20-year-old who tried to take sleeping pills in a motel to die failed and woke up again sitting in front of the building in a daze.

The person who bought me food without saying anything.

At that time the person sat across from the table at the soup restaurant I had entered with a tired expression and silently ate a spoonful of rice.

Just like now.

“…”

Even though this was a hospital and their appearances were reversed… it felt like they hadn’t changed.

Everything including warm indifference and hot food without asking anything.

“The basic examination has been completed… They say there are no problems other than mild frostbite. There were almost no signs of dehydration. “Did you bring water?”

“…yes.”

“Well done.”

Other than that nothing else was said.

Geoldal who was quietly putting a spoon into the hangover soup lowered his head.

Even in my dry heart tears rose up to my throat but I swallowed them.

‘no.’

Because I knew that I had caused too much trouble to my brother.

He opened his mouth dryly and dryly in an attempt to explain the situation to the person who must have been embarrassed and bewildered.

“I didn’t mean to cause trouble on purpose.”

“…”

“…I was planning to go see my parents but I found a place where I could quietly see them alone… but as time went on too much time passed.”

“okay.”

Park Moon-dae did not point out that Ryu Geon-woo had been absent without notice for five days before that and how he could ‘just’ sit on that mountain for a day in that cold winter.

He didn’t scold me and ask me what he was thinking when he did such a crazy thing.

I just nodded.

Perhaps that’s why Keundal started saying things he had never even thought of.

“When I went to Sokcho… I was actually sitting on the beach the whole time.”

“huh.”

“Then since we were at the same beach I wanted to see my parents… but for some reason I felt weak.”

I thought this?

Stories that made me ask myself questions poured out.

The emptiness that I didn’t say because I didn’t want to cause concern or bother came out in a blur.

“…So I tried to make a hobby but I couldn’t think of anything… so I just stayed. “Then I thought about going to the mountains.”

His brother listened quietly and made sure that the big moon was eating.

And I answered by pouring him some warm water.

“You had a hard time.”

Big Moon suddenly clenched his spoon tightly as something made him cry.

“He told me to live as Ryu Geon-woo.”

“…”

My brother nodded slightly.

So I finally said it.

“But can’t I just live as a big moon…?”

“…”

“I don’t really know what to do and I don’t really know what I want to do. “I just support Testa and there is no status window… but there are other things that help with my brother’s activities.”

“okay.”

“…!”

Big Moon raised his eyes.

My brother answered calmly swallowing a mouthful of rice.

“But this time let’s do it the other way.”

“yes?”

“This time let’s focus on you instead of me.”

“…”

“If you’re not sure what to do or what you want to do we can find out together. “You also found a way to debut with me.”

“but”

“but?”

“My brother is busy…”

“We agreed to improve Testa’s work-life balance and take one or two days off a week.”

“Is that so?”

“uh. “Oh you stopped your hand.”

“ah!”

Big Moon hurriedly moved the spoon again.

The conversation went smoothly and casually and somehow strength returned to my body.

The soup was still hot and spicy.

“Of course it’s okay to talk about Testa. Ask anytime. “I also have a few questions to ask you regarding Testa.”

“yes!”

I have something to do.

Those words somehow made me feel more energized. Big Moon moved his hands in a more combative manner.

And as my stomach got full I couldn’t help but talk about more common sense.

“Brother you were really embarrassed this time. I’m really sorry. “For worrying and bothering me…”

“I said it’s okay. Oh I paid special tribute to the crew members so don’t worry about that either.”

“…”

Big Moon almost opened his mouth.

I hadn’t even thought about it up to that point.

“I’m sorry. “I caused a lot of trouble!”

“You weren’t that upset. “First of all the rescue was successful.”

“ah…”

I could tell from the tone of voice that the other person was very worried about his own safety.

They kept waiting for hours until they were rescued.

‘…’

Big Moon looked at the other person’s complexion feeling guilt and regret piercing his heart and gratitude welling up in his eyes.

Because I was disheveled I looked a little haggard and tired but perhaps because of the makeup it wasn’t that obvious. It was truly idol-like.

Then I realized.

‘…uh?’

Fully set head and face.

And… a uniform with flashy accessories visible beneath the padding.

It was a stage costume.

“…”

Testa’s stage.

Geoldal opened his mouth as he felt a chill running down his spine.

“Hyung… what day is it today?”

There was no answer. But he has already finished counting.

He went missing for five days starting with him sitting on the front porch blankly on his way to work on Tuesday.

Then after adding up the days today is… Saturday.

And this Saturday.

“It’s a Te Testa concert…”

He hurriedly raised his head.

The current time came into my vision as clearly as if I had been hit by cold water.

10 o’clock at night.

It’s time for the concert to end.

“…”

“brother?”

The older brother across from me said nothing.
