---
title: "Chapter 577"
category: "book"
index: 576
section: "Chapter 577"
slug: "577"
---

# Chapter 577

Around 11 p.m.

“…He was rescued safely and will be hospitalized for about a day.”

-Ah… I’m glad.

In the quiet dark hallway in front of the single-person hospital room I lowered my voice and spoke on the phone.

-Are you okay?

The other side of the call is a big hit.

Normally this type of report would go to leader Ryu Cheng-wu but I also found out why the missed call came from this guy.

‘…I guess it’s being remedied.’

Liu Chengwu is still in talks with the company.

It was almost certain that the company had still not contacted me.

It was worth it… Because a member suddenly left the concert.

The hand holding the smartphone was tense.

-Hyung’s concert…

Keundal who had been asking me about the concert received no answer and is receiving a doctor’s examination with a devastated look on his face.

Originally I would have cited reasonably plausible reasons and told people not to pay much attention. But I couldn’t do that now.

It’s not that I didn’t answer on purpose.

There was nothing to answer.

…Because I couldn’t check it either.

The smartphone was in my hand but it could not connect to the Internet page.

Until now.

“…okay.”

okay. I avoided it on purpose. So that I can think and reason properly without being shocked.

However the time has come to open ourselves up to unbearable consequences.

I asked Big Sejin.

“…the concert.”

-Of course it ended well. First of all don’t worry and rest until tomorrow morning.

The answer comes out casually. However Keun Se-jin was a guy who could give a calm answer no matter what happened.

…But since there is also a concert tomorrow I expected a more realistic answer.

‘To crush it without telling the specifics of the situation… ’

It was difficult. I swallowed.

It was just about time to ask what happened.

-Is this a call from Mumundae?

“…!”

A small voice comes from beyond the smartphone.

-Park Moon-dae?

-hey!

And then I started hearing exclamations and running footsteps here and there.

-Oh you were rescued successfully!

– I’m so glad!

-You worked hard Park Moon-dae really…

Relief and joy overflow from the other side of the phone after hearing the news.

Because the concert ended in such a situation because of me he could have seemed more tired but he only seemed happy.

I guess they’re doing it more on purpose.

They were strange guys.

“…”

I swallowed my words and continued again.

“…Thank you. And I’m sorry.”

-uh??

“I made a choice that harmed the team.”

A flurry of confused onomatopoeia came out and then he angrily refuted my words.

-What are you sorry about? You did your job!

-The call taxi was called by the ME members together…!

-Hey listen! That’s not your choice. We talked together. Cheongwoo said that. Do you remember?

Am I the only one benefiting?

Society has decided to call it ‘consideration’ rather than ‘together’.

But it was well mentioned.

“okay. So… where is Chungwoo now?”

-ah.

At that moment there was a mysterious atmosphere and the answer was cut off for a moment.

-Ah why are you talking to the company? Do you have something to convey?

Big Sejin quickly answered brightly but he had already realized it. That my prediction was correct.

As expected the company turned over.

To put it bluntly it is natural because it feels like a complaint. I said pressing my eyebrows.

“Please tell Chungwoo that I will talk to the company directly so he can just return the phone.”

-what?

“I understand that the company is angry but there is no need for him to receive that. “Because I did it.”

-Hey wait a minute…

-I! I have something to tell you!

Kim Rae-bin came in after interrupting Keun Se-jin.

I gave him the floor. Immediately a line that seemed to have been prepared came out.

-Brother do you remember what you told me a few years ago when I was thinking about having to miss my schedule due to my grandmother’s health issues?

“…”

I remember.

-There is no problem if you leave in the middle of work.

It’s okay. I said something like that.

-I also want to say the same thing to my brother.

Raebin Kim spoke with a confident voice.

-There is nothing wrong with going to rescue a family member in danger!

-And since this can happen to any member I think it is natural and natural for us to rely on each other.

“…”

I covered my face with my hands.

Thank you but…

‘no.’

That’s different.

Raebin Kim is in a situation that people can generally sympathize with as her grandmother is her legal guardian. Those guys who swear are psychopaths.

But still.

‘I… am not family.’

Park Moon-dae has no family.

That has been a recognized fact since I debuted. Anyone who has searched for me knows this.

So… for the record I just took a taxi and left right before the concert due to a problem with an acquaintance.

There is no room for extenuation in this.

People who took time off while waiting for this performance people who canceled their plans people who even booked accommodations and came up near the concert venue people who received tickets as a special gift from their parents…

In a situation where the time and money they invested was reduced to nothing they said ‘My friend is in trouble. Do you think people will listen to excuses like ‘I was so scared and sad that I skipped the concert?’

‘Even my country can’t do it.’

My fingertips were cool.

However to refute Kim Rae-bin by saying such things here and there would be the height of disgrace.

I couldn’t do that to this guy after already skipping the first day of the fucking tour. I chewed my tongue with my teeth.

“…okay. thanks.”

-no!

Raebin Kim’s voice became brighter. As if relieved the atmosphere on the other end of the phone relaxed slightly.

That’s it.

-Mundae we… the concert went really well. I’m not lying to make you feel safe. I don’t think it was clumsy.

“…know.”

That made me feel even more upset.

I had to be satisfied with trying my best not to ruin the concert which I had aimed to do extremely well because of my escape.

Of course this is not something to say.

“Trust me.”

-… Ugh.

At that moment a voice suddenly came out from the other end of the phone.

-that’s right. And Moon Dae you are completely mistaken.

“what.”

Cha Yu-jin answered in a serious voice.

-More people come to see me than my brother.

“…”

-There aren’t many audiences who only watch Mundae. Are you worried that people will be disappointed? It’s useless. Everyone liked me…

-Cha Yujin!!

-Kim Rae-bin used violence! Scold Raebin Kim!

It was a really familiar mess.

In an instant all the density was drained from the conversation.

“under…”

-Did you laugh? Are you feeling better?

“okay.”

I heard a lot about why they did well even without me.

It was even more strange that these guys didn’t burst into laughter when they went to such lengths to make the runaway kid feel better.

“I’ll come to my senses and come back tomorrow.”

-Ugh!

After that the conversation took place in a more relaxed atmosphere.

This suggestion was also made.

-If it’s okay with you how about we go to the hospital together…

“No it’s okay. “There’s a concert tomorrow too.”

-Hmm yes but.

There is also a concert tomorrow so it was right to take a break. And now when the members come to visit Big Moon will turn yellow with guilt.

I cut off stories that went too far considering the physical strength and mental health of both sides. Still the atmosphere was good.

After several specifications and adjustments the call was hung up.

“Then I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”

-okay!

-Sleep well Mundae…!

Pop.

Good words lingered in my ears.

However until the end there was no specific story about the collapse of public opinion due to my escape.

How did you explain it to the audience and what kind of reaction did you get?

It was natural that those guys couldn’t get it out first. So I should have continued to actively bring up the story.

No before that… I should have checked and started a conversation.

I couldn’t do it.

“…”

I pressed my hands to my face.

If all goes well I will have to stop my activities after this tour ends.

In the sense of self-reflection.

First of all it seemed like the group’s image would be restored if the person involved in the controversy got out of Testa’s activities.

‘…You can’t put a bad label on a regular album.’

If we just practice and do nothing useless during that period public opinion will probably calm down a bit by the time of the next album.

…No isn’t it? If you suspend your activities will public opinion worsen?

I don’t know.

“under.”

I laughed. Until yesterday or even this morning I had no idea that I would have such absurd concerns.

‘If it was original… ’

After finishing my first concert I should have been excited to the core.

Whether it’s regret or satisfaction it’s a state where everything is pushed to the limit.

Although my body was soggy my adrenaline was surging and as we exchanged congratulations and feedback I had to quickly prepare my body and mind again for the next concert.

Okay tomorrow.

‘…There’s a concert tomorrow too.’

Now I…

“…”

Of course Liu Chengwu’s judgment was correct.

Thank you.

I know. If the moon had actually frozen over while I was at a concert it would have been hell.

therefore.

‘I have no regrets about this choice.’

With that conclusion I sat down in the hallway.

The smartphone screen turned off.

All the noise and warmth is gone and what remains is the hospital room hallway on a dark winter night.

“…”

For some reason it was extremely cold.

* * *

“…brother.”

When we returned to the hospital room Geoldal who had finished the examination and was sitting quietly alone on the bed suddenly raised his head.

“Hey I’ve been thinking about it. What if I write? On the Internet… If I explain well that it’s not my fault that he couldn’t perform at the concert because of me…”

“no.”

Then who do you think the arrow goes to?

– While absent from work without permission he went into the mountains late and got lost in a restricted area. Aren’t you crazy? It was a waste of taxes

-Gommer is your X wood network a political network?

-How much did you receive from Orbit? LOL

Big Moon will literally be bitten like a dog.

No matter how well this guy polishes it and posts it angry people will curse and steal his identity.

Even co-workers and people who have only heard rumors would come out and say all kinds of things. Why did you do that?

As an ordinary person this guy’s public opinion will only increase and there is no guarantee that my public opinion will improve.

“Don’t do it.”

“but…”

“I’m thinking of another way so you don’t have to. “Don’t even think about posting it yourself.”

“…yes.”

Big Moon nodded cautiously.

And as if he was watching he spoke.

“…That brother. Now go back and rest. “The doctor just said that my condition is fine.”

I knew that if he returned to this atmosphere he would fall into some kind of depressed state again.

“I’m too tired to go back to the dorm. Are you going to kick me out?”

“Oh no!? “You can just relax and leave!?”

Easy.

“Then let’s use the bathroom.”

“yep!”

After finally washing my face I lay down on the caregiver’s cot next to the single room.

I had to wake up at 6 am in order not to be late for tomorrow’s schedule.

No matter what happened even if there was a boycott sign posted at the concert hall we had to perform unconditionally.

‘You must manage your condition properly.’

I closed my eyes like that.

And I woke up at exactly 6 am.

Beep.

The vibration was quickly turned off before it woke up Geoldal.

But he didn’t wake up immediately.

Instead I took out my smartphone. And I took a deep breath without making a sound.

“…”

It was time for confirmation.

I couldn’t put it off any longer.

Actually I thought about checking it before going to bed but I put it off for fear that I might lose sleep.

Because I can’t ruin today’s concert.

‘…6\:00 to 6\:30 in the morning.’

A time when there are so few Internet users that there is no need to be caught up in endlessly updated public opinion.

‘I’m going to check now.’

I clicked on SNS for monitoring.

“…”

As soon as I clicked popular posts appeared at the top.

-What should I do with Mundae?

Everyone’s eyes stopped at the sarcastic introduction.

‘Read.’

I gritted my teeth and kept moving my eyes.

The writing is complete.

-What should I do with Mundae? Is there a concert today? I’m so worried about whether I’ll be able to come out.

“…”

Is this being sarcastic…?

I scrolled down unconsciously.

New popular articles continued to appear before my eyes.

The posts I wrote early in the morning and the posts that appeared around the time the concert was about to start were all mixed together… and on and on.

-Is the announcement of Park Moon Dae’s absence true?

-Oh crazyㅠㅠㅠ

-For a month now I’ve been unable to control my excitement whenever a concert is mentioned on the Dub app but I really can’t even guess how Park Moon-dae is feeling right now.

-It’s just… I’m a lost soul. Is the first con like this? Both me and Park Moon-dae are dying of pity.

-Why doesn’t it come out?;;; I’m embarrassed and angry but I’m worried about my first birthday and I stayed up all night.

No matter how many times I read it again it didn’t change.

There aren’t many posts that curse me to death.

“…”

I hurriedly scrolled up with trembling hands.

And I looked again at the popular article I had read earlier.

-What should I do with Mundae? Will there be a concert today? I’m so worried about whether I’ll be able to come out… Oh I’m going crazy.

And now I read it properly to the end and checked the context.

This wasn’t sarcasm.

It was really a post about concerns about whether I was in a state where I could come to the concert.

“…ah.”

I moved my hand.

New posts keep appearing.
