---
title: "Chapter 578"
category: "book"
index: 577
section: "Chapter 578"
slug: "578"
---

# Chapter 578

The emotions people felt while watching a concert without me.

It pours.

-I feel so vain… I was so worried that I cried throughout the solo song VCR.

-I endured January just by watching concerts but why did Park Moon-dae become X instead of me?

-I gave up going to Hawaii to see Crybaby Mundaeng at the first concert but I couldn’t attend the concert… I can’t believe this is reality.

-The management of the agency is not properly notifying the notice but it just makes me sigh.

Anger futility regret.

The audience’s disappointment at the sudden absence of a member from the long-awaited concert was as expected.

But one thing was different.

-Oh what should I do with Park Moon-dae?

me.

The feeling of betrayal that Park Moon-dae had deceptively ruined this important moment was not there.

And the reason is presupposed in every article as if it were obvious.

-I know what the concert means to her… This can’t be happening. Isn’t Mundae really in trouble? Oh please

This is because Testa Park Mun-dae did not live that way.

Every time you scroll down all kinds of cases are shared and cited at random.

Moon-dae Park cries the most at the concert. Moon-dae Park is able to finish his solo song effortlessly even though his ribs are injured. At the end of the concert Moon-dae Park is excited and talks about how this set list came out and does a live after-party broadcast…

-A person who will go on stage even if his leg is broken.

Everything you have experienced becomes the basis.

I thought my escape would be criticized more because it contrasted with Park Moon-dae’s past actions but it was the opposite.

The track record became my guarantee.

Take it for granted that it’s not that I didn’t do the concert it’s that I couldn’t do it.

Park Moon-dae was on the side of those people.

“…”

I read the words filled with worry confusion anger and anxiety in a trance.

Stories that I subconsciously take for granted that I couldn’t come out because there was a fatal reason why.

after.

Heat rose from under my breath and made my limbs tremble.

I looked at them blankly not sure if it was thrilling or creepy.

But I soon realized the reality.

‘no.’

Public opinion like this exists because we do not know the exact circumstances.

I don’t know what Liu Qingyu said but if he said ‘There was an emergency at Wen Dae so I couldn’t be here today.’ If I had said the same appropriate thing…

‘…You don’t know why I fell in.’

Then the moment you find out the truth the feeling of betrayal will be even greater.

more.

“…”

I held my smartphone so tightly that it broke.

My head was spinning.

excuse. excuse.

‘Is it best to be sick?’

Saying that you collapsed is the easiest way with the least side effects. Because I just couldn’t come up. So if that were the case… I didn’t know if people would continue to understand me like they do now.

But I soon realized that it was practically impossible.

‘There are definitely eyewitness accounts coming out.’

It was over from the moment I boarded the rescue vehicle wearing stage costumes and without a mask.

It will come out unconditionally and unconditionally.

This is a fact I already knew.

Moreover in order to use the word sick I had to skip today’s concert or at least pretend to be sick.

That was truly a deception.

“…”

The rising heat cooled down.

I closed my eyes as I looked at those incredibly provocative articles.

It was a waste.

‘You bastard without conscience.’

It was funny that they were saying this because they didn’t want to be criticized when they couldn’t figure out how to compensate for the time wasted by paying for the ticket.

‘Come to your senses.’

I opened my eyes again and searched.

First I had to check what the official reason was for my leaving the concert.

If you look at the posts posted around the beginning of the concert this is clearly revealed.

-Mundae said he couldn’t come on stage today he’s crazy…

-Story of Park Moon-dae’s absence from the concert (video)

-The kids can’t speak… ah

In the video Liu Chengwu explained the situation in a calm tone with a gentle expression.

As I predicted instead of lying the guy said ‘Mundae is not in a position to go on stage right now. I’m sorry.’ That ended the story.

It’s like trying not to say too much negative stuff in the middle of a concert that should be fun.

It was a wise decision.

I also confirmed that they did not tell me in detail about my situation.

“…”

I blankly watched the video of the concert without me but soon came to my senses and moved the screen again.

‘Let’s also check the refund policy.’

So I was just about to go to the company’s official SNS account.

A new related article appeared on the page that was inadvertently updated.

‘hmm?’

That was a popular post that I hadn’t seen before because it didn’t have the keyword ‘concert’ in it.

The time is before and after I fall asleep.

The content that was posted around midnight yesterday and received a lot of sharing was…

-An acquaintance of Park Moon-dae was shipwrecked and Park Moon-dae was the last contact. If it wasn’t for the crazy Moon-dae he would have been killed;;;

“…!”

It rattled.

The cot made a loud noise as I moved.

And it seems that the owner of this hospital also heard that.

The big moon was tossing and turning.

“Brother… you’re awake…”

The guy must have woken up when he heard me raise my body so he stuck his head out and then looked at the smartphone screen in my hand and closed his mouth.

“…”

Of course when I looked at it I couldn’t hold on for long and the words came out.

“I didn’t post anything!”

then?

“But… I agreed to posting at my brother’s company.”

“…!”

“I got a call.”

“To whom?”

A bright answer came back.

“It’s Lee Se-jin!”

* * *

“Yes thank you very much. Then I will go as I said… Oh no. “Take care of yourself~”

Lee Se-jin carefully finished the phone call with Geoldal and then hung up.

‘You’re not oblivious.’

I was fortunate that they were very cooperative even though they were not in a good state as they had just been rescued.

He stretched and pictured one last thing to do before going to bed.

Now… then.

“We’re done talking about you right?”

“okay.”

Liu Chengwu who was still on the phone with the company nodded slightly.

Park Moon-dae’s concerns were only half correct.

It was true that right after the concert ended Ryu Cheong-woo explained the situation to the flagship company and coordinated the conflict.

However things changed after Lee Se-jin received a reply from Park Moon-dae who rescued Keundal.

-If you wait a little longer I think there will be other news. yes. please.

Ryu Cheong-woo has been preventing the company from responding to this situation by posting an official statement.

because.

“Then I’ll send you an email like this.”

This is because Lee Se-jin prepared something separately.

The time before his debut when he was not that familiar with the physiology of the Internet was already a long time ago.

It was a field that I was bound to become familiar with as I debuted and continued to monitor feedback.

He now understands the ecosystem enough to be able to specifically understand how skillfully Park Moon-dae responded to the controversy over his school violence at the time of &lt;Azusa&gt;.

Moreover learning was faster in areas where one had talent from the beginning.

Public opinion war.

‘The atmosphere and cause are equally important here.’

Even as the scene changed from the classroom to the practice room and from the practice room to the filming set Lee Se-jin’s talent never faded.

From the moment he received a long text message from Park Moon-dae about the situation his head was rolling.

Part of this is to keep mushing the rescuers’ eyewitness accounts and stopping the company from assuming that Park Moon-dae went to the hospital after collapsing.

Of course Lee Se-jin also understood why that opinion came out.

‘I think the audience should sympathize and sympathize with the reason why Park Moon-dae could not come to the concert… ’

But isn’t empathy a very ambiguous emotion?

Even in a space where only a few dozen teenagers stay together one thing that easily divides opinions is whether to sympathize or not.

But you’re trying to explain it so that a lot of people are willing to emotionally defend it? In Lee Se-jin’s opinion it was a somewhat reckless attempt.

‘It’s not sustainable in the long run.’

So Sejin Lee did not agree with what the company said.

There is a sure way but there is no need for it.

What is needed is not empathy…

‘It’s ranking.’

Up and down.

We had to make it so that people could not complain after hearing the reason for Park Moon-dae’s absence.

My troubles aren’t that big of a deal. Park Moon-dae’s absence was really necessary. We had to make them evaluate the value so that they would be willing to admit it.

And he already knew one reason that would win everything.

‘Human life is the most important.’

Saving people could win in almost any value judgment.

And Park Moon-dae was in exactly that situation.

-Rescue… successful.

I didn’t run away simply because I was worried about my relative’s death.

‘The door pad was helpful.’

It had to be emphasized that he was actually needed to save people.

So as soon as Lee Se-jin succeeded in connecting with Park Moon-dae by phone he asked several times about the current situation to get a clear picture.

-So you narrowed down the scope of the search and what you said at the end was exactly right so Mr. Ryu Geon-woo has now been rescued right? Phew I’m glad.

-… uh.

Then all you have to do is reconstruct the incident centered on the facts you want to inform.

[Testar Park Moon-dae did not attend the concert due to the rescue of a missing person…”Cooperating sincerely as the last witness”]

If we add the details that reporters confirmed by calling the rescue workers…

-omg

-Ah it’s a door ㅠㅠㅠㅠ

-You must have been so surprised but thank goodness you were rescued safely.

-If it weren’t for the door I couldn’t have narrowed down the search scope so I was dizzy when I heard there was a possibility of a verb.

-You did a great job staying calm Moon Dae-ya… It must have been difficult not being able to stand at the concert but you worked really hard…

The choice that Park Moon-dae is forced to make is ‘concert VS saving people’.

In this case choosing a concert is considered a waste of time and Park Moon-dae made the natural choice.

There is an atmosphere in which it is very difficult to criticize Park Moon-dae.

‘Hmm~ That’s good.’

Sejin Lee grinned.

Well it was actually the simple truth.

‘He himself said that he lived thanks to Park Moon-dae.’

Moreover if it is officially reported with this layer of coverage it also has the effect of drawing a line.

There is no need to appeal to your emotions and make it public that you are a close acquaintance or a sworn brother.

This is an issue that requires unconditional help even if it is just a co-worker. How close they are is beside the point.

The focus is on Park Moon-dae’s circumstances of not being able to perform at the concert and Ryu Geon-woo’s personal information is slightly diverted from the focus of attention.

– I hope you are resting well in Mundae. I want to see you healthy and bright at tomorrow’s concert.

‘That’s right~ I’m like that too!’

That’s how the situation ended.

Lee Se-jin smiled bitterly and only then was she able to go to bed for tomorrow’s concert.

…With a strange nostalgic feeling like repaying a very old help.

* * *

-Honest is the best isn’t it?

“…”

I pressed my eyebrows.

Around 6\:40 in the morning. Lee Se-jin who called first answered my question ‘What’s going on?’ like this.

‘This snot-like bastard.’

Look at what’s laid out. Anyone who looks at it can clearly see that everything was taken into consideration.

As soon as the concert ended you must have been worried.

When I thought about that it was… like that.

I closed my eyes as I looked at the articles that clearly excluded everything I was concerned about.

-… thanks.

-no way. It was announced as the truth so why do you keep thanking me?

The guy joked a few more times. And he asked me comfortably if he noticed that my voice had become lighter.

-Are you going to join the practice room now?

Without anything to worry about. It seemed like there was an afterword.

“…”

After finishing reminiscing I picked up my smartphone again.

That doesn’t mean there aren’t people who swear despite the consideration given by the members.

Because it is an undeniable fact that I missed the concert in real time.

– Gommer escapes hahahaha

-Give me the money you fucking idiot.

-The first con real-time breakout… It’s the best ever. It’s so fucking funny.

– It’s like buying plane tickets and reserving accommodations months in advance just to see if they’ll come and then giving water and comforting people who came through difficult times.

-That missing person should have died so Gommer would have regretted just going to the concert. It’s annoying.

But these are just opinions that pop up no matter what controversy erupts.

I suddenly realized.

‘okay.’

It was like that.

At some point I started looking into things too much and eventually I started to think that this was people’s true feelings.

If you remove courtesy and morality you will feel this way. Did you make such a thoughtless judgment?

However just because an expression is provocative and shocking does not mean it is true.

I tapped the smartphone screen.

‘It’s just… there are these bastards right?’

Sometimes you can use it as a reference to plan the game but it would be funny to even be influenced by it.

Because this is just a flow and a reaction.

‘It doesn’t matter if you just know that it exists.’

I abandoned that page without any hesitation and went back to the social media I was originally using.

New stories are coming in from people who use my photo as their profile.

-Mundae I think I’ll work harder today… I’m glad I managed to catch both days.

-I know about Testa. They will grab a back pack and give priority tickets to the audience who came on the first day. I came to see it.

Predictions without anxiety that seem obvious.

“…”

Do you know what?

I thought accumulating annual leave was a burden.

The amount of work that could be done was reduced and people were not easily surprised as they could vaguely predict the scope of this group’s actions.

It becomes increasingly difficult to receive fresh attention.

So I thought the disadvantages were overwhelmingly greater than the advantages…

In fact there was an advantage that I just didn’t feel and couldn’t change.

‘Was this it?’

It was trust.

If you have done well so far it is within the range of people’s predictions. That anticipation suppresses anxiety and sustains faith.

‘okay.’

So… I guess I’ll have to return that too.

I turned the page again.

What popped up this time was my wiki.

A separate page was added to the profile with the label ‘Cannot be edited by users who have not registered within 15 days’.

-Incidents and controversies

But it was okay.

‘It might stick.’

You become the fourth member of this team to have a separate page.

And just like the guys during that period it was time for me to make up for it.

Let the controversy get pushed off the table.

“Big moon.”

“yes?”

“About today’s concert. “I also stream.”

“…”

“If you don’t have anything to do at the hospital… take a look.”

“…! yes!”

I got up from my seat.

For today’s concert.
