---
title: "Chapter 579"
category: "book"
index: 578
section: "Chapter 579"
slug: "579"
---

# Chapter 579

“Whoa.”

Ryu Geon-woo Geun-dal held down his pounding heart and opened his laptop in the hospital room.

This was possible thanks to his older brother stopping by an officetel on the way and sending the delivery through quick service.

I felt sorry and thankful considering that he would be hospitalized even though he was busy going to a concert.

…even though it only caused a nuisance.

-Brother I am truly sorry for causing so much harm to you yesterday…

-You didn’t ask me to skip the concert so what are you talking about? Today’s concert will be better than that so just look at that.

If it had ended here Keundall’s guilt might have deepened but Park Moon-dae’s words were lighthearted afterward.

-Still it would be nice if you could look at the content and give some feedback.

-…! yes

It gave me something to do.

So now Keudal was dutifully logging into his account using his laptop.

‘It’s been a while since this happened.’

…To be honest he hasn’t consciously looked at Testa’s content lately.

After his older brother told him to find his own life the life of Ryu Geon-woo he stopped telling him about Testa’s problems.

-There are no pop-ups anymore so I guess you should be careful.

But even though I knew that wasn’t the intention it was as if we had been told not to have anything to do with each other anymore…

He followed the advice and tried to do something on his own spending money and time.

But it still wasn’t fun. Life just became more insensitive…

“…”

No. If I think like this any more I will cause trouble to my brother again.

‘Let’s cheer up!’

He consciously took a deep breath finished logging in and then accessed the concert streaming site.

Now I should naturally go to the streaming payment page… but suddenly I see a pop-up blocking the screen.

Newly added features were flashing loudly.

-Supports 4K VR streaming.

\: Experience a more realistic concert than the first row of the concert hall!

“uh?”

VR.

It literally means virtual reality but it is now also used to mean watching a video that allows you to see 360 degrees in all directions.

And anyone could tell it was the latter.

‘But I don’t have a machine like that… ’

It was a moment when I thought that without thinking and was about to close the pop-up.

‘iced coffee!’

I remembered!

The device his older brother sent him as a birthday present not long ago was a VR headset!

I felt sorry that I couldn’t even use it properly due to my strange lethargy at the time.

‘I want to try it right now.’

Still it was useless if it wasn’t here… Surprisingly the box my brother sent me even contained the item!

“and!”

He opened the item carefully. The new product shaped like white goggles was shiny and shiny.

perhaps…

‘Does your brother recommend watching it in VR?’

My mind lit up.

‘The laptop’s performance… Ah! ‘Do you think it’s possible?’

After checking the specifications of his laptop and VR streaming conditions he connected relieved that the ultra-high definition standards were barely met.

After seeing the completion message appear with satisfaction he finished wearing it on a trial basis.

“and.”

For some reason my heart was pounding in a different way.

It was the excitement of enjoying something I liked in a new way.

I suddenly felt energized.

With his hands busy he quickly paid for the streaming and began looking through Testa’s content that had been delayed until the concert start time.

‘Oh I think there’s something I need to look at first… Heoup what is this?! ‘Are there any options?’

Several hours passed in an instant as I thoroughly enjoyed watching the tour promotion videos where even big moons suffer from the cycle of endless happy endings.

And finally it was time.

[PM 05\:45]

He was so nervous that he twitched his hand while wearing the VR device and finally pressed the activated start button.

Then the Internet navigation window disappeared and a loading screen appeared…

hook.

My vision has changed.

Go to the venue 15 minutes before the performance.

“and…!”

In the dark concert hall at sunset light sources of all colors flooded like waves.

It was the light of a light stick.

The fact that they did not filter out the buzzing sounds and noise of the scene actually enhanced the sense of presence. Big Moon was willing to feel dizzy and turned his head vigorously to the surroundings.

‘amazing… ’

It was only hearing and sight. However the two overwhelming senses even tricked the rest of my senses into making me feel like I was actually there.

“ah…”

For a moment he felt a full pounding within him.

A sense of homogeneity buried among people waiting for the same thing.

It was excitement and excitement.

Something I had forgotten because of my helplessness suddenly raised its head and grew in my heart as if it had never happened before.

From the scenery of this concert hall.

Tiring!

[Hello Lover! Did you connect the light stick properly?… Not yet? Then try it step by step with us!]

On the huge electronic display board in front information on how to connect the light stick to Bluetooth and PPL introduction to the concert were shown alternately.

Every time the members’ faces appeared cheers filled with anticipation filled the air.

…And Keundal had already realized that there was a Testa light stick in the box his brother brought him so he had connected it!

Status is streaming.

Then a funny thing happened.

“Oh!”

I don’t know how it was connected but even in the VR field of view the light stick you are waving flashes like in augmented reality.

Something like this… is possible!

‘They didn’t release a renewed version of the light stick for nothing!’

He waved his light stick excitedly. I was told that I could see other streamers shaking in the options but I turned it off because it was too dizzying.

And I endured for 10 minutes with my heart pounding as I listened to the medley of various Testa songs playing in the concert hall.

and.

Finally the light went out without warning.

‘…!’

A huge black-and-white movie-style letter emerged from the electronic display board that was split on both sides.

It was a countdown.

5.

4.

3.

2.

1.

With the voices of the audience echoing from all directions.

The numbers are over.

[Piiiiiiooooooo-!]

The train’s horn blared loudly with cheers and then a smooth announcement began.

It was Cha Yu-jin’s voice.

[This stop is Red Wonder Red Wonder…]

It ends low and clear.

[…Hotel.]

Tuk.

Without warning a light flashed on the stage.

‘ah.’

That was the hotel lobby.

It looked familiar. It was the exact same location as Testa’s tour promotion selection video that Keudal had seen just before.

And the moment the gaze is made a little bigger the audience realizes.

It’s not just a lobby.

It was a huge set that used all the structures of the hotel including the stairs elevator cafe and suite even using the stage ceiling.

So that I can clearly remember all the places shown in the promotional video.

“ah…”

All elements of the hotel in the video were fully realized and were located on stage in reality.

Ahhhhh!!

And just as the cheers begin to die down figures appear exquisitely here and there on the set.

Behind the check-in counter next to the pillars in the lobby chairs in the cafe bathtub in the suite elevator…

They do things like reading the newspaper or looking at the ledger on the counter.

It was Testa.

With an intro that exquisitely combined the sound of a train and a circus accordion they ran out of the set with skillful movements and came to the front of the stage.

And the moment we get into formation.

[It’s now.]

All kinds of colors exploded.

&lt;Hunting&gt; arranged as a tour promotion version opened the concert in a grand manner.

[The tables have turned

Today you are the sheep]

Geoldal almost got excited and tried to find his smartphone but then realized that he was watching VR.

My body was shaking.

[(Run Run!)

Spin around in a circle under the stage

[Come on again]

Amid the force and heat close-ups of the members are captured on the electronic display board.

Even one member who couldn’t make it to the concert yesterday.

‘brother!’

Well set up body.

Park Moon-dae looked the same as I saw him yesterday.

But the eye light is different.

His condition was so good that he couldn’t control it and his eyes were shining amidst the burst of energy.

[Call up it’s hunting season]

thud.

The ear-ringing sound of the speakers and the cheers of the audience mix together to create an exciting atmosphere. There was complete excitement in the venue with no worries.

Instead of forming a formation at the ending the members dispersed.

Then each person returned to their original place on the stage set and disappeared just as they had appeared.

But the cheers don’t end there.

Because only one person naturally stayed where he was.

Tiring.

Raebin Kim indifferently rings the bell at the counter and nods her head without any expression.

[Welcome again.]

The stage rotated.

“…!!”

The counter protrudes forward and Kim Rae-bin who was standing behind it climbs over the counter and comes out into the field of view.

And his solo song which received a huge response flows along with the live band music.

[Jump into the cave

To a strange country

manhole]

.

In a performance that continued like one song with the opening Kim Rae-bin continued the performance by running around the entire stage set dragging dancers wearing rabbit masks.

As befits the subtitle “overture” he introduced all the impressive elements of the set.

The raps and performances poured out like crazy and rushed towards the ending without any time to breathe.

Tap tap tap.

The center of the stage where all the dancers in rabbit masks have disappeared.

The spotlight turned off above Raebin Kim as he walked backwards making the sound of his shoes.

Ahhh!!!

The screams that seemed to explode throughout the concert hall rang in his ears.

“Hehehe…”

Big Moon blinked his eyes.

Ten minutes passed without me even noticing my breathing.

‘What’s next??’

He has forgotten all his complicated feelings and the concert rushes into his eyes again.

While the cheers were still ringing the electronic signboard was lit up instead of the lights off the stage.

It was a VCR.

And here Keudal has a different experience from the field.

‘Uh oh…?!’

The view in all directions changed.

He was no longer sitting in the concert hall.

An elegantly colored hallway covered in classic and ornate wooden patterns and wallpaper.

He was… in the VCR!

‘Uh oh!?’

As I quickly turn my head a hotel hallway completely split into two sides comes into view.

Left and right.

The hallway which appeared to be lined with rooms had a completely different atmosphere on both sides.

Beyond the softly glowing lights on the right I could see the human figures of friendly-looking hoteliers.

And… left. There are black silhouettes below while blinking red lights that look somewhat ominous.

‘omg.’

It was when I turned my head and checked both sides.

Liu Chengwu’s low and soft voice narrated.

[Rabbit hole. Where should we go?]

And text appeared on both sides like augmented reality.

[RED/WODER]

[Let me know with the light.]

Uh huh?

The letters ‘RED’ glow red and ‘WODER’ glow yellow.

[Try operating the light stick!]

“Huh oh oh.”

He lifted the light stick with trembling hands… and soon realized something.

‘I can’t do that.’

Streamers… had no voting rights.

There are no human rights…

“…”

I should have bought a ticket.

He swallowed back tears and looked to both sides again his heart pounding.

Red and yellow.

Which one did you choose?

The results were soon revealed.

[Loviewer’s choice]

And the current audience seat is projected before your eyes.

‘and… ’

At first glance the ratio of audience seats filled with red and yellow colors was overwhelming.

It has been decided.

[RED]

[HUNT]

The video collapsed with a scratch-like sign.

And a shout rang out from the stage.

[That’s ma sa—vior!!]

A protruding stage dyed red.

A strong metal rock version was sung into the venue around Park Moon-dae who was holding a head microphone.

* * *

“Aaaah!!”

Park Moon-dae’s first home horse shouted until he was hoarse from the stands.

The concert was non-stop.

This concert which was structured as if exploring a hotel was full of all kinds of attractions as if it were a real circus.

From huge sets to all kinds of stage equipment.

Of course the best option is to choose a light stick.

‘It’s really fun!’

No matter which one you choose the song itself does not change. However just a slightly different costume and arrangement completely changed the atmosphere.

It was so fun to see that!

‘under…!!’

I would have thought that by removing the VCR as a participatory feature and freeing up some extra time between stages they would take full advantage of it and fill it to the brim.

Homma who came to today’s concert with half anticipation and half worry felt deep joy spreading from her heart.

There was no need to worry.

‘I heard it was flying around the doorway! What!’

I was happier because I watched the concert yesterday while almost out of my mind.

‘It definitely feels different than yesterday.’

Of course the other members performed well on stage yesterday as well. However the overwhelming awareness of the void seems to have prevented people from fully immersing themselves.

‘This is a concert designed to make you completely immerse yourself.’

Choices are there for immersion.

So that you can be completely immersed in the concert without feeling like you are coming back to reality in between.

I felt like it was made for that purpose in the first place.

‘I heard that all concert streaming tickets were distributed to the audience on the first day.’

Please don’t just get a refund and wait for additional con schedules. I hope you watch today as well. Homma muttered this to herself and looked at the stage again.

[Wish you call me like this-]

On stage Sejin Lee’s solo stage was reaching its climax.

They use a large golden trolley with one hand and use turns and movements to perform a spectacular performance.

It was the stage of the selection ‘WODER’.

‘I think this is better than the ‘RED’ I saw yesterday!?’

It seemed like each member chose their own solo song without any restrictions.

Cha Yu-jin even remade old pop music arranging it hiply as she wanted and including it as sampling.

‘I thought you were crazy.’

As she chose a different option from yesterday the dance break changed and she looked at the stage with her fists clenched.

It wasn’t far.

Now… it was his turn.

Waaaaaaaaa!!

The previous stage ended with all the cheers of hoarse people. She cheered along but swallowed her saliva as the tension tightened her heart.

The lights on the stage go out and the VCR starts playing again…

Inside an empty elevator.

[RED/WONDER]

The choices of RED who runs out of the elevator and WONDER who stays in the elevator are divided in conflicting colors.

And Homma already knew what the stage would be with this choice.

‘Mundae…!’

This is Park Moon-dae’s solo performance.

Yesterday I was given this VCR but it was probably a meaningless option.

Because it was just a demonstration video of the rehearsal stage being played.

“…”

She felt the strange calm around her and realized that other people were feeling a similar tension.

In fact Park Moon-dae’s absence did not face huge criticism due to the story involved but it also became a subtly unpleasant topic of interest due to the story.

-Wow ㅠㅠ How is Park Moon-dae performing today… I don’t think he’s crazy.

-I’m curious about your feelings.

Curiosity about the state of Park Moon-dae.

I was curious about how he was affected by this absence and how he felt.

‘Then why not buy streaming!’

Even though Homma shouted that she actually thought that there must be someone sitting here with similar curiosity…

People who focus on Park Moon-dae’s feelings and condition not Park Moon-dae’s stage.

Because I even care to some extent.

“…”

However Homma was worried and at the same time trusted Park Mun-dae.

His actions so far.

‘let’s do it.’

Meanwhile on the VCR where the selection has been completed one word dominates the screen.

[WONDER]

[BE HUNTED]

And then it completely rips apart and goes out.

My heart was pounding.

widely.

Inside a quiet concert hall.

A ray of light fell on the black stage.

The spotlight was on a rectangular stage set hanging in the air almost to the ceiling.

elevator.

It seemed to slowly descend… and eventually stopped in the middle of the lobby.

Ding.

The door opens and a drowsy voice comes out.

[With me]

Park Moon-dae’s solo song began.
