---
title: "Chapter 580"
category: "book"
index: 579
section: "Chapter 580"
slug: "580"
---

# Chapter 580

A concert is a comprehensive art.

Testa knew this very well and he devoted a lot of time to stage composition and direction and did not stop discussing with various people involved.

Just one thing.

For each solo song only keywords were distributed and then the performer decided on the stage on his own.

Because there has to be that kind of unexpected fun.

-Then Chungwoo decided to use a lift device on the stairs… What about door doors?

-hmm.

Park Moon-dae thought for quite a long time about how to implement his solo stage.

Will it show something unexpected?

Will you show what you do best?

‘Both have their pros and cons.’

So he adopted both.

‘I guess I can just assign it to each option one by one.’

What if the two options are completely different? It was enough for the burden to be borne only by oneself.

But at the same time I was giving more electrons inside.

‘It would be more fun to see something unexpected.’

Since many things about myself must be familiar to fans the obsession with showing a new side of me unconsciously influenced me.

‘…Even if you keep doing what you did well there is a limit to the impact.’

I already know that Park Moon-dae is good at that. Because you’ll be used to it.

Even as he divided his practice time like a sword that impression subconsciously remained on him.

So in his mind he thought that for his first concert he should carefully consider the options so that people could choose an ‘unexpected appearance’ as much as possible…

And now time has passed.

The audience’s choice has been made.

[Remains in the elevator.]

[WONDER]

“…”

On a dark stage.

Big Moon held his breath and raised his gaze.

The clear and faint sound of string instruments rang out around the elevator floating in the air alone under the spotlight.

A tickling accompaniment with lots of soft flats.

A melody I know.

Before I could specifically recognize what it was a voice poured out from the elevator that slowly opened.

[Spin the wheel

[To fly far away]

“…!!”

[The melody resonates and is beautiful

It touches my heart let it pop]

Lyrics I know.

Big Moon realized like a thunderbolt.

This was not a song from the latest album Park Moon-dae’s personal OST an officially released solo song or a cover song by another singer that was shown on an entertainment program.

One day ago Testa’s title song.

[Spin the wheel

[To go to your dreams]

.

Park Moon-dae’s voice floated in a more lyrical and quiet arrangement.

‘ah… ’

It was a euphemism I hadn’t heard in a while.

This is because this song did not remain as a regular setlist for Testa Concert.

Because it lost its place to the new song which is a combination of this song and the double title.

That makes me even more happy.

Even more so if the person calling is Park Moon-dae.

If you sing this well…

[Stay like this again today

It’s not over let me in]

A clear breathy high-pitched sound clearly filled the speaker.

Rather than being solid the sound is somewhat transparent and loose making you listen to the resonant sound.

‘ah.’

With just one empty refrain people just stared at the stage without any distractions.

at that time.

Talk. Talk. Talk.

Inside the elevator the door opens completely with a knocking sound.

“…!!”

The moment it opened wide a blue scent poured out from inside.

And the inside of the elevator is fully revealed.

[Wooo- wo wooo-]

The inside filled with warm electric light was full of flowers and plants.

Spring and summer were full of blooming flowers.

“ah…!”

In the middle of it all Park Mun-dae was standing in front of a clunky standing microphone.

He brought neither flashy overwhelming choreography nor unconventional arrangements.

You are just standing inside a stage set floating in the air.

Singing a song.

[Before going to sleep

I always think about you

I want to meet you

Still completely forever]

In the elevator barefoot Park Mun-dae wearing a large white knit gently raised the head of a standing microphone with rusty vines with both hands.

[The little winds

It floats drop by drop

On top of that spinning Ferris wheel

Shines dazzlingly]

The only accompaniment is a thin string instrument.

A speaking voice echoes to the end of the quiet concert hall.

[Imagine leaning against the window

me

[Like in my childhood]

An elevator is a space of movement.

But for those who chose to stay he wanted to provide the most fantastic stay.

A beautiful reminiscence.

In a dream that continues from the past.

[Your eternal childhood

That’s me

I forget my insomnia and fall asleep-]

The low-pitched sound rose again.

Let a thrilling good feeling suddenly pass by.

[Ohh- oh-]

I drag myself up with one breath without even a single breath.

With the last voice all the instruments that had been held back rush in covering the entire audience like a wave.

From the bass at the bottom to the riff melody at the top.

From low to high notes.

And a voice that shines brightly from the very center.

[Spin the wheel]

Soap bubbles pour down around the elevator.

[To fly far away]

Faintly sparkling reflected lights flickered on the stage and even illuminated the audience seats.

[The melody resonates and is beautiful

It reaches you too let it pop]

The colors of the light sticks waved like an aurora.

[Spin the wheel

[To fly far away]

The chorus undulated together.

[The melody does not disappear

Stay with you let it be]

Park Moon-dae raised his voice earnestly.

[Breathe as hard as you can

So that this heat seeps into you too-]

For the people who chose this option he didn’t expect.

In fact the choice he was trying to induce at his first concert was… not this.

It was ‘RED’.

-Of course I would choose to get out of here.

Elevators are places for movement.

And people like things that are stimulating.

From these two facts Park Moon-dae easily drew a conclusion.

If a choice is presented on the VCR of course you will choose the option of leaving in the elevator.

Anyone who is immersed in the story will find the option of going outside and running into the darkness with the lights blinking exciting.

Something more stimulating and new.

So without hesitation he added ‘unexpected appearance’ to that option.

However the concert did not go as planned and Park Moon-dae was unable to attend the first concert due to an unexpected accident.

In this situation people who were worried about Park Moon-dae unconsciously chose a more moderate and friendly option.

What remains in the elevator.

– WONDER.

And ‘WONDER’ was a choice that showed them what Park Moon Dae does best.

A complete song.

…Park Moon-dae’s singing.

[Spin the wheel

[To stay in your dreams]

The singing voice became deeper.

Inside the shaking elevator Park Mun-dae saw the lights filling his field of vision… and suddenly realized something.

‘I guess so.’

I was less confident in this choice but I think that’s why I wanted to show it more clearly.

No I want to show you.

I wanted to meet all expectations.

To those who chose Parkmoon University because of what they know instead of what is new.

To those who choose to stay together.

To do that…

‘You just have to do better than expected.’

Park Mun-dae grabbed the microphone head.

[Our story never ends

So that it sinks into your ears]

More earnestly.

[Umm-]

The voice stretched out embracing the splendidly blooming ensemble of string instruments.

It is not flaunted or buried.

The singing voice with its clear presence entwines all the accompaniment melodies like a core becoming a harmonious and powerful focal point.

Now there is no access to the hotel lobby or wire. I don’t care about lighting equipment or directing.

Only Park Moon-dae and his voice in the elevator caught the attention.

[Wooo—!]

I want to satisfy you.

I said the live performance was really good and I didn’t want to give myself time to evaluate it.

Park Mun-dae did his best to tune each syllable.

Intensely.

[The end will not come

Inside the shining lens

[I will remain like a film]

A voice that spreads alone without accompaniment.

Inside the elevator he slightly closed his eyes and lowered his hand.

It is filled with only breath and voice without any other melody.

[Because it’s here]

In this way one image is imprinted on the surface of the water again as if covering and overflowing all the events.

Something everyone was already familiar with.

What a great singer he was.

[Draw me constantly

inside you]

Park Moon-dae smiled and took his mouth off the microphone.

[Still completely and forever]

…

Breathless silence.

A single string instrument began a gentle accompaniment.

Meanwhile the elevator containing Park Moon-dae slowly began to go up as it was opened.

Park Moon-dae leaned loosely on the standing microphone and looked at the audience in the upper floors.

And the moment it touched the ceiling the light went out.

Pop.

The song is over.

Homma was clapping barely able to breathe when she realized she almost broke her light stick.

There was no thought in my head.

* * *

Backstage.

“Mumundae you were really really amazing… you just performed on stage…!!”

“…”

“Mundae…?”

“thanks.”

Park Moon-dae blinked.

I felt dizzy.

‘What did you do?’

It was my first time being so immersed.

I thought I would never fall out because I usually have good concentration and even have S-level characteristics that help me concentrate on stage.

but…

‘It was different.’

This is the first time I’ve ever performed while only thinking about singing.

He had the brains to calculate various effects that would be derived from the stage.

Since I started my stage experience in survival programs from the beginning it was something that could not be helped.

Grades schedules public opinion all kinds of external factors… The stage was to put all of that in your head and organize it so as not to touch any landmines before going on stage.

‘But this one… no.’

There was no need for anything else.

A strange sense of mission and a primal desire to somehow satisfy the person I was looking at right here filled my head.

And that satisfaction and catharsis.

Oh my… there was a stage like this too.

“…”

Park Moon-dae leaned his head against the wall and licked the salt from the corner of his mouth before suddenly coming to his senses.

‘This is not the time.’

The concert isn’t over yet. I had to move right away. He stood up and placed his hand on Sun Ah-hyun’s shoulder as she waited for the VCR to finish.

“I’m waiting for my solo performance.”

“Ugh. “I don’t change my clothes.”

Sun Ah-hyun who was the last member to sing a solo song smiled brightly.

If you choose the ‘RED’ route you’ll end up with paint splattered all over your face and clothes giving off an incredibly innocent look.

But that’s why it will be an incredibly powerful stage.

‘I also have to do the next one properly.’

Park Moon-dae gathered his emotions like that. Because there were still stages left.

“…I know he will do well so I just support him.”

“Ugh!”

Sun Ah-hyun wanted to say more about Park Moon-dae’s performance just before but decided to talk about it after the concert ended and moved on like a professional.

My heart was pounding.

‘It was great.’

I felt it even though I only heard it indirectly backstage.

As with the aesthetics of the original moment it was impossible to describe it accurately.

But here was someone who knew how to describe it.

“…brother.”

Big Moon was so absorbed that he could barely come to his senses until the next stage began and he finally came back to his thoughts.

The hand holding the light stick became slippery from the heat.

The audience was melted into complete enthusiasm and immersion as if they had never been full of worries and interests.

It was worth it.

‘that… ’

Even though I was wearing a VR device I almost thought I was there. I was completely immersed in the song.

But at the same time I felt so sad and crazy because I wasn’t there. I think it would have been even more amazing if the song had been performed on stage.

My heart is pounding at the thought of that.

I had such conflicting feelings.

‘It was amazing. Really… really.’

He wiped away the cold sweat and took a breath.

Neither he nor Testa Park Moon-dae have a status window anymore.

However it was visible to the eyes of the person using the status window.

In what way and with what results the singer on that stage will be expressed.

Clearly.

[Singing\: EX]
