---
title: "Chapter 581"
category: "book"
index: 580
section: "Chapter 581"
slug: "581"
---

# Chapter 581

A few minutes later.

“Ahyun looked great today too~!”

“Thank you…!”

Backstage Sun Ah-hyun who had just finished her solo performance quickly changed her outfit and joined. A staff member quickly cleaned up the red paint stains on my neck with a wet tissue.

I saw Keun Se-jin sticking out his thumb and nodded inwardly.

‘Seon Ah-hyun’s performance was impressive.’

The final part before the climax of the strange hotel story.

The choice between going down to the dark basement or going out of the hotel.

‘And the audience chose the former during the first performance… ’

This time I chose the former. This is because the stage at the time of the first performance was shockingly impressive.

Sun Ah-hyun’s ‘RED’ option covered in paint.

-It’s all just talking to yourself.

you don’t listen

thud.

Between the stage settings that embody the complex plumbing of the basement like a spider’s web. An intense performance unfolded as they cleverly moved up and down.

.

It is a slow tempo song about a love that is inevitable and predestined. Kim Rae-bin used a theremin on the song and arranged it more experimentally heightening the sense of heterogeneity.

Accordingly Sun Ah-hyun’s performance became more destructive and aggressive as the song progressed.

And the elegant choreography closer to ballet than modern dance further creates a thrilling sense of discomfort.

Aaaah!

I chuckled thinking about the cheers from the audience just before.

‘It’ll be fun.’

It wasn’t for nothing that they unanimously left out Sun Ah-hyun as the last solo song.

Ryu Cheong-wu who was watching the guys’ conversation with a happy face opened his mouth.

“It will be easier now that the sequence of stages changing depending on the choices is over. “Let’s go while being fully immersed.”

“yes!”

That’s right. Now you’re done choosing your options. In the first place there were no options for all stages before.

‘If that’s the case quality control won’t be possible.’

Because the set list is doubled.

Only about half of the stages were given choices and solo songs accounted for a large portion of them minimizing the burden.

So did I.

…My solo performance.

“…”

I thought again of my performance just before.

That moment when I poured all my energy and strength into the song and thought of nothing else.

‘…after.’

I feel overwhelmed just thinking about it.

It was strange that that was just a few minutes ago.

really.

“…”

“…Park Moon-dae.”

“yes?”

When I looked up Bae Se-jin was making a mysterious expression.

Maybe I looked crazy.

“You… are really good at singing. “Solo stage.”

Fortunately it wasn’t.

“…thank you?”

“Hmm. “Well this may be new to you but…”

Bae Se-jin seemed to be trying to say something more but was stopped by another guy who was whispering so that everyone around him could hear.

“You don’t need to tell me bro. The camera already did it!”

“…? “What are you talking about…”

“Bae Se-jin closes his eyes like this while listening to Moon Dae-hyung’s song. The camera took the picture. That’s someone who was impressed. “Right?”

“…!”

Following the movements of the behind-the-scenes camera director Cha Yoo-jin exquisitely depicted Bae Se-jin’s serious expression as if she was appreciating it with emotion and then narrowed her eyes.

“Everyone will find out soon.”

Bae Se-jin’s face turned as red as a yaksha.

“Hahaha!”

The members led by Keun Se-jin laughed and the backstage became noisy for a moment.

Bae Se-jin also seemed to know that Cha Yu-jin had no malicious intent and that it was just a joke so he immediately relaxed his expression and sighed.

A few years ago I would have kept an eye on these guys to see if they would fight but that’s not the case anymore.

The atmosphere was good.

‘I guess we’ve gotten used to each other.’

And even though they were panting from exhaustion everyone had the energy to laugh and chat probably because they were satisfied with this concert.

I was sure that the backstage at yesterday’s concert didn’t have this kind of atmosphere.

These guys don’t even mention it.

…Thank you.

I looked around at the guys and opened my mouth.

“…VCR says there are 2 minutes left.”

“Oh!”

I nodded to the staff member giving the signal and then straightened my posture with the other guys.

A VCR’s narration sound was blaring above my head.

It’s Liu Chengwu’s voice.

[Look back.]

Right now in the VCR Ryu Cheong-woo will appear from the darkness where you can’t even see an inch in front of you and will be holding out a ticket.

In Sun Ah-hyun’s stage choice earlier it was the same whether she went to the basement or out of the hotel.

[hurry.]

And the video ends with the camera slowly looking back.

Gooooooo-

So now it appears from the darkness.

Stages where you focus completely on one thing without any choice.

To the climax of this concert.

Chii Iik.

The stage setup opens in front of you. Dry ice leaks out from the cracks and light waves from the light stick spread before your eyes.

It wasn’t the first time but my heart pounded.

‘You have to show your best.’

I really wanted to do that.

I ran out to the front of the stage to the clicking sound I heard in my in-ears.

When the hotel lobby which was used as a stage set opens the space revealed is… a circus tent.

[Welcome to the HUNTHHOUSE!]

And like a circus the spectacular stage is packed without a break.

Cha Yu-jin grinned and raised her hand from the center of the formation.

“You have my dice!”

Wow!!

From &lt;Training&gt;.

It was a composition of recent hits and three or four previous title songs in succession.

The most exciting section!

Both the performers and the audience rush in without a moment to breathe heating up the scene.

“Woooo-”

I played the climax part with a hand mic. I pushed it as far as I wanted and at exactly the right starting point a super high-pitched sound burst out without stopping.

My neck was in surprisingly good condition. When our eyes met during the choreography Kim Rae-bin’s expression could be seen changing slightly.

‘what?’

No there is no need to question it. Let’s spend as much as we want.

I used as much voice as I wanted until the last &lt;Train&gt;.

There was no restriction on the neck.

Ahhh!!

The moment the last song ended there was even louder applause and cheers.

All the way to the audience.

Both my ears and eyes were filled with reactions to the stage.

“Whoop.”

Even though I’m out of breath I don’t feel any pain.

I lined up with the other guys and ran back from the protruding stage.

Even to the same location as the electronic signboard.

[THANK YOU]

The moment we held hands and bowed our heads the electronic display board flashed.

The stage equipment came down like a tent in front of our eyes and we disappeared behind the stage.

silence.

“…”

“…Whoop.”

After a moment of silence.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

“The costume is ready!”

The backstage became noisy again.

But I stopped and remembered the scene in the audience I had just seen.

That heat and reaction.

‘Satisfied.’

I could guarantee that one thing.

I showed my best at today’s concert.

“…”

Even as I put down the hand microphone I continued to stare at it.

It was exhilarating but it shouldn’t be overwhelming.

Because it’s not over yet.

* * *

Wow!

Big Moon clenched his hands tightly.

‘That was great!’

The incredible stage density for 15 minutes similar to the previous medley was at a level that took people’s souls out.

Moreover no room was given.

The moment the song ended Testa completely disappeared from the stage.

The device closed again like a circus tent being pulled down and the stage became completely dark. As if it’s all over now.

And on the contrary the lights came on in the audience. As if to tell them to get up because the performance is over.

But no one got up and no one was sorry.

The same was true for those watching in VR.

because.

‘Encore!’

It was a tacit agreement. Big Moon moved his hands excitedly. The light stick lights swayed.

For your information while waiting for this encore they usually sang fan songs or songs that implicitly had great meaning between the singer and the fans.

Or we even had an event.

but.

‘Yesterday… I probably didn’t do it right.’

The event was canceled due to Park Moon-dae’s sudden absence.

‘I heard that we originally decided to sing only the first verse of the latest fan song unaccompanied.’

And today as the situation was suddenly brought under control they seemed to be cautious and didn’t seem to have planned any special events.

There were only sporadic encores and applause chants calling out the members’ names.

‘…sorry.’

It seemed like it was because of him.

“…”

Big Moon calmed down a bit and waited quietly listening to the sound echoing in the audience.

And as the minutes and hours passed.

ridge.

The VCR reminded me of an old hotel lobby.

Aaaaa!!

In the audience the light sticks are remotely controlled again and filled with vivid colors.

yellow pink blue.

These were Testa’s group symbol colors.

and.

[Are you here again?]

Sejin Lee’s playful voice rings out from the VCR.

[What should I do? Our circus has nothing more prepared…]

Woooooo!

Playful boos and laughter covered the audience.

Then a bright laughing voice came out from the VCR at the right time.

[Ah so the circus is over… shall we watch something fun like that?]

yes

[great!]

[We will prepare now… Yay!]

The VCR screen turned quickly.

As if looking at the history of the hotel time passed until only the old hotel remained.

And then we arrived in broad daylight.

[It took a little time but it’s ready!]

It was the moment when the building that used to be a hotel was revealed in its bare appearance under the blue sky.

[I’ll go now!]

The lights returned to the stage.

“…!”

The stage has been revealed again.

The gorgeous background set that embodied the hotel had disappeared. All that was left was a skeleton like a steel frame for a stage.

“Uh oh!”

And soon the members jump out from the center not from the set.

Aaaah!

With the accompaniment ringing loudly the members ran out onto the protruding stage without hesitation took their seats and began the choreography.

A melody that will be familiar to everyone.

It was an easy listening song that topped the music charts and at the same time it was a song that caused Testa great distress.

This is their last promotional song and fan song.

.

[The heavy yesterday was

It felt like it would never end

perfect today

It never came.]

Liu Chengwu smiled and sang.

The members move in formation.

[okay

Even though there is no perfection now

End of yesterday beginning of today]

A loud live sound resonates through the speakers.

The members laughed and ran around the protruding stage making it seem like it was a lie that they had been performing until they were exhausted.

Thanks to the live performance the original song which did not have any changes to the arrangement resonated better in people’s ears than the original song.

And Homma who was sitting right in front of the protruding stage realized something.

“ah…!!”

The choreography has changed.

No the movement hasn’t changed.

But the formation has changed.

[I turn the page

Go to the next chapter

The guidance shines

Pain becomes a guide]

Bae Se-jin’s part Originally Lee Se-jin and Cha Yu-jin stood in the part where dancers had to assist from both sides.

And when Sun Ah-hyun took a turn in the next part Ryu Cheong-woo took the turn instead of the dancer and formed a formation.

‘There are no dancers… ’

That’s right.

In keeping with the original assortment all formations in all sections that used dancers were changed to testas.

The stage was filled entirely with testers.

As if I had originally wanted to do this.

Instead of saying that previous activities were hastily added fan service and were not officially planned they chose to show it directly.

What does formal activity look like?

That stage.

[Let me tempt fate

Beyond the milestones and crossroads

Struggling

[Go just one step further]

The choreography goes together without any gaps and the chorus is refreshing.

“…”

Keudal realized that people were singing along from all directions.

People around us felt moved and reassured as if we were now singing the fan song we couldn’t sing together more happily.

He clenched his fists.

And that leads to joy.

[Until the end of today

Beyond the limits!]

The moment Cha Yu-jin’s last refrain ends Park Moon-dae’s high notes echo through the ceiling.

Like pouring it all out.

[Run breathlessly

The city center at your feet

Reach out further towards the sky]

The choreography clicks into place and the formation appears as if it is about to explode then takes the angle with great force.

[Even if the stars do not reach

[I want to live today]

Panting for breath Park Mun-dae laughed instead of crying.

[Don’t sleep]

Just- dream!]

Amid exploding fireworks and cheers.

Testa’s concert ended successfully.

No one knew what kind of reaction this concert would have.
