---
title: "Chapter 582"
category: "book"
index: 581
section: "Chapter 582"
slug: "582"
---

# Chapter 582

Testa’s dream-like concert has ended.

All that remains are memories joy lingering feelings and…

data!

“Hmm.”

Ryu Seo-jin who was a senior in the club of Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae’s twin homemaker Ryu Geon-woo organized the photos he took with an eagle eye.

‘It came out well.’

Even after the encore was over Testa continued the encore by chatting with the audience several times and accepting song requests.

The photos I got there were really good.

This is because after the set list was over the members ran out in all directions waving their hands and talking focusing on fan service.

-Aaaah!

-this! this! Ah Hyeon-ah!

It was a crazy melting pot with smartphones and doll slogan light sticks flying wild in the air.

He was even very lucky to have a seat on both days.

‘The kids kept coming.’

She nodded looking at the clear shot of Liu Chengwu’s abs.

The quality seemed to be very good to exchange with Lee Se-jin or Park Moon-dae shots from different angles.

So in conclusion both concerts had good results.

…Except that there are no photos of Park Moon-dae because he did not attend on the first day.

‘That can’t be helped.’

Didn’t someone’s life be at stake? Even if I had attended the concert I would have been criticized as a psychopath but it was the best outcome because I helped save his life by skipping it.

‘It was a bit of a mess but where can I get it fixed?’

Twin Homma clicked his tongue.

It was disappointing to know but at the same time it was quite admirable that the members barely showed it on the first day and carried on with the performance like professionals.

In fact it was unusual to see fans who were worried and then felt moved or moved by the process of seeing the members and feeling relieved.

‘Well I knew Lee Se-jin would do that.’

Additionally the post-processing method was good.

It didn’t just end with a choice between a refund and a VR concert ticket as compensation.

Testa extended the Seoul encore concert period for two days after the two- to three-month tour ended giving affected audiences priority tickets for one date.

Of course Twin Homma also chose VR and priority advance tickets instead of a refund.

‘Do you know how to do business with your agency in a bad way?’

In return for compensation they did not offend the fandom by showing that they were taking advantage but they also did not suffer any long-term losses.

She nodded saying it was a smart decision.

Future-oriented supplementary measures.

With that the controversy over the member’s absence from the first concert of this tour was quickly put to rest.

However… that wasn’t the end.

Sweet.

She clicked on the fancam she posted and looked down the comments.

That’s right… a video of himself filming Park Moon-dae’s solo stage as much as possible.

-Legend

-I think I’m crazy. It gives me goosebumps.

-Are you always this good? Isn’t it like synthesis?

-It seems like the mountain spirit changed his vocal cords for doing a good deed.

-Amazing… Wow just… amazing…

Comments full of surprise and excitement were plastered all over the place.

There was even a dog-like fight going on with people fighting over whether or not this was edited or pointing out that there was no copyright awareness when they said that the sound source had been extracted.

Aggro is exciting. It was proof of a successful video.

That’s right.

As soon as Park Moon-dae’s solo performance was performed at the concert it became a real-time trend and was mentioned everywhere.

But there was no related video at the time.

This is because the official VOD video made through streaming had not yet been released.

Moreover all recorded and uploaded streaming videos were subject to copyright reports!

-Please video before it evaporates in my head.

-Fuck Orbit tell me to work.

-When will the VOD be uploaded?ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ

Then as soon as the fancam video full of realism was uploaded even though it lacked professionalism it received a huge number of views.

-Thank you… Thank you…

-There are people who haven’t seen it but I don’t think there’s anyone who has seen it just once.

Even though streaming videos are subject to copyright personal fancams which are a gray area that the agency ignores were not taken down.

As fans clicked and commented like crazy it even entered the popularity rankings.

Even the video that she cut without permission from her fancam and posted it as shorts such as ‘Jiri is the main vocalist’ on other SNS has already exceeded 2 million views.

‘In-heart traders… ’

She admitted even though she was annoyed. Those bastards played a part in making people who weren’t fans watch it.

Of course that’s because Park Moon-dae sang… really well.

“…”

She likes idols because they are general entertainers not because someone is a singer with crazy singing skills.

Nevertheless Park Moon-dae’s solo performance this time was truly overwhelming in skill and quality making people ignore their tastes.

‘What on earth did they do?’

The moment the song ends. It was to the point where I could feel the blood I had been holding back exhilarating throughout my body.

That was a surprise.

Twin Homma had a hunch.

It must have been more shocking because I didn’t expect it.

Therefore it was natural that some fans who went to the scene or watched the streaming were so angry that they became more violent.

-The surprising thing is that this is less than 10% of the emotion seen in person in the audience… Of course you have to hear the song in person.

-No but it was even better when I saw it on site. Please watch the streaming everyoneㅠㅠㅠ It’s not too late so please buy the VOD.

└This is the correct answer

└This is the real problem with so-called losers. You should be grateful when people compliment you so don’t go one extra mile and buy something… It’s shameless and unseemly to hang on to just one man.

└Oh haha sudden yelling

└I am not even Park Moon-dae so why should I be thankful? Are you going to marry me to Park Moon-dae?

└Eng Moon-dae is not an adult man but a 17-year-old Gatgi.

Twin Homma nodded his head indifferently even after seeing this mess.

‘There is a lot of influx of young children.’

In her preconceptions it was usually feisty teenagers who made such extreme comments.

Even though Testa was seven years old and the fandom was especially talkative and active it seemed like the overwhelming majority of teenagers had strangely flowed through this concert.

She immediately found the inflow channel.

‘This is it.’

The ‘video with alternative options’ that Testa used as a concert promotion was very suitable for the tastes of the younger age group.

To be honest if you are in your early 20s this composition may be considered cringe-worthy but the quality and fan sentiment offset it… but it seems to have been a hit to the tastes of elementary and middle school students full of dreams and fantasies.

-Which one should I choose so Eugene can see it? ㅠㅠ Please let me know

└In the next video turn it off twice at the front and once at the back. Then Eugene oppa appears.

└Thank you!ㅠㅠ

And in a similar extension to the concert they were given a choice between ‘RED’ and ‘WONDER’ and the kids were completely immersed in it and showed affection for it.

It has settled into the fandom.

In the past twin homemakers would have been judged coldly saying that the influx of noisy kids did not help much with the grades earned through money.

However this was an important time for this group to have a steady influx so she nodded calmly.

‘This is how the company can’t think of anything else whether it’s a route change or something else.’

Moreover teenagers had a great influence on the Internet.

Thanks to these people talking so much here and there the story of Testa’s concert coupled with the episode of Park Moon-dae’s absence seemed to be popping up here and there as a story to kill time.

[Idol who got drunk after leaving the concert]

-Here is an idol who was unable to attend his concert due to unfortunate circumstances. This is Testa’s Park Moon-dae.

– Testa who has continued his successful career by ranking first on the music charts with his latest song will hold a concert at Jamsil Main Stadium in Seoul this year. The number of spectators mobilized was tens of thousands.

-However member Park Moon-dae did not show up at the concert without notice. What on earth is going on?

-Surprisingly he became the last witness to the disappearance…

Aggro videos on WeTube filled with clumsy AI voices and concocted images.

‘I knew it would be like this.’

But what is surprising is that there are many foreign comments.

‘What kind of Thai subtitles are you supporting for the factory wrecker theme?’

Although it was an automatic translation I was really impressed by the number of views as it supported subtitles in as many as 20 countries. Homema an office worker also stuck out his tongue.

And as Park Moon-dae served as the entrance to the topic other stages of the concert were naturally attracting attention as well.

Other members’ solo performances continued to be featured in popular videos and their unique concert structure also attracted interest.

VR and options.

-They even released a game and organized a concert.

-How much did you spend?

-It won’t be a waste of money for the ticket haha. It’s a big hit so it won’t be at a loss if it’s at the level of Jamsil Main Stadium.

It was a good thing.

However this was not the only reaction domestically.

Twin Homma quickly checked the distribution of views.

“I added the subtitles earlier because it was getting more views from overseas.”

Apparently Testa’s concert became famous among KPOP fandom.

She went to an account that translated overseas fandom reactions read a few posts and became even more confident.

-Reviews also appeared in other magazines… Wow (translated photo)

In fact Park Moon-dae’s incident only served as a trigger to attract attention.

It is said that the structure of the Testa concert itself suited their tastes and was worthy of arousing interest.

A circus in a ghost story disguised as a hotel.

Ghost stories about haunted houses were more popular overseas than at home and because they were familiar the barrier to entry was lower.

In addition the optional concert configuration and stage set quality are difficult to attempt due to cost and practice time. That made it very attractive.

And even rave reviews from people who saw it.

Ultimately this tour itself gained recognition as content.

-I booked the MD online I can’t wait. Please why do they always come to Jakarta late ;(

-The resale price is burdensome but I think it’s worth buying.

-Be sure to watch streaming

Testa’s tour itself became a hot topic as the concert MD which was inspired by a popular manual ghost story became famous.

There was even a review from a music review magazine famous in the English-speaking world.

The post on the translation account confirmed by Twin Homma was also about that review.

[Testa Review\: Endless surprises and dynamism; [Inviting an independent audience]

[★★★★☆]

The review written in English had symbolism.

“…”

Twin Homma clenched his chin.

In Korea there is a strong impression that a tour is a rest period during a period of inactivity.

However since it is a time when you can actually see Testa overseas and direct cams of performances are pouring in there are quite a few fans who like the tour season.

As a result a unique phenomenon was occurring in which sales of past hunting albums were skyrocketing.

And to put it all together\:

‘Your grade has risen.’

The image was attached to Testa.

From abroad.

That was global recognition.

She nodded saying that it would be worthwhile to invest a huge amount of capital from stage setup to composition.

…Park Moon-dae went through all that trouble.

“…”

She recalled the last concert.

Park Moon-dae looked like he was about to shed tears only once at the end of his solo performance.

Even though he was originally a member who boasted a great crybaby batting average at every concert.

When running around providing fan service after the encore when the members take turns talking one by one when fans hold events…

‘I think one of the three almost cried.’

That’s why it got strange nicknames like Moist Steamed Bread and Apple Rice Cake.

However this time he only smiled the whole time even though he occasionally looked overwhelmed.

-ㅜㅜㅜㅜWhy am I crying when I’m not crying at all?

-Be happy Moondae…

It seems to be a point that strangely drove fans crazy but Twin Homma deduced Park Moon-dae’s psychology.

‘Even if I cry during this situation it seems a bit weak because it feels like I’m trying to get sympathy.’

However it was difficult to even apologize. I called 119 to save someone but I should have refused? No matter how you say it isn’t the logic strange?

‘sorry. Whatever the reason it’s my fault… It just sounds pretentious.’

So it wasn’t strange that Park Moon-dae took that into consideration.

But that day Park Moon-dae…

‘…I might not have even thought about that.’

He just stood there at the concert and looked happy. It seemed like they were very grateful to their fans.

“…”

Twin Homer Ryu Seo-jin was sentimental for a moment but then came to his senses embarrassed that he had become sentimental.

Anyway… Well if Park Moon-dae was in the right frame of mind it was a good thing!

‘Let’s continue with corrections.’

She was busy typing on the keyboard.

Because it was an important time.

For reference what was Testa doing while on tour during this important period?…

“This is… a new record! You broke your record! “It’s the highest note!”

“Oooooh!”

“That’s amazing Mundae!”

…It was during the world’s greatest Cleopatra competition with the honorary title on the line!
