---
title: "Chapter 583"
category: "book"
index: 582
section: "Chapter 583"
slug: "583"
---

# Chapter 583

What is Cleopatra Game?

It is a competition in which participants shout out context-free sentences such as ‘Hello Cleopatra the world’s thinnest potato chip’ at increasingly higher volumes.

That’s right. Not a high note but a high sound.

The point is that there is no musical scale.

“But strictly speaking I think it has musicality because it can match the accompaniment by finding a nearby scale and has a sense of rhythm…”

“Okay you’re right. “Ravin.”

…They say so.

If one of the people playing the game has absolute pitch I think this game can be musical as well.

Even more so if the people participating are all in the music industry.

“Uh-huh brother. “I don’t think the sound was even a semitone higher right now?”

“What are you talking about! “The pig-snapping sound you made earlier after Liu Chengwu also passed!”

“But I was a pig that made high notes right? My brother is Cleopatra who can’t sing high notes right? “Oh it’s ruined?”

“…okay? Bring the piano! “I’ll do it again!”

“Ohhhhh!”

So I guess we’re in this situation now…

Suddenly I saw people with the same name attacking each other and Kim Rae-bin and Sun Ah-hyun moving Cha Yu-jin’s electric piano into the living room clapping and cheering.

It’s similar to the movie’s adaptation of gambling.

haha. This is shit.

“Piano is here…!”

“Oooh!”

And from here under the leadership of Kim Rae-bin an over-immersive feast takes place where people shout out Cleopatra to the keyboard notes.

‘I need to take a picture of something like this and upload it.’

At this point it’s a lot of fun content.

Look at those passionate and passionate faces and Kim Rae-bin’s solemn face.

“yes. If you ask my verdict… it’s a success!”

“Ooooooo!”

“Look!”

I thought Bae Se-jin was almost strangling Eun Se-jin.

So some people fail others succeed and joys and sorrows abound.

“Cha Yu-jin failed!”

“Nooooooo!”

For reference this is a hotel suite.

During the tour we always decided to gather in one room once a week for a training camp and today was that day.

‘I’m glad I asked for a secluded place with good soundproofing… ’

Testa almost went viral on the Internet due to the controversy over inter-floor noise. No if the soundproofing wasn’t there in the first place I wouldn’t have been able to do this and would have been sullen and less immersed.

‘In that sense well… I’m enjoying it.’

Of course either way the outcome of this game will be the same.

“Next is Mundae! If they succeed here Moon Dae-Moon University will be the final winner… Will &lt;Azusa&gt; the first place winner also win the Cleopatra game? The result is…”

I opened my mouth.

And without any inspiration I just recited that ridiculous phrase.

To the note corresponding to the third octave Mi (E5).

“…!”

The moment you end the phrase with the last word ‘chip’.

“…success!”

“Oooooh!”

“Congratulations Moon Dae!”

There was an outpouring of enthusiastic support.

That’s right. The ending is this.

No matter how many times I go in the end I’m the only one left.

‘after.’

I shrugged.

If you didn’t know something like this would happen while playing a game with the main vocalist…

“huh? Who didn’t know that Moon University would win here?”

“…”

“But is anyone curious about how far the door can make sound?”

Flash!

Fists and hands come up here and there.

The eyes are bright. It’s really burdensome.

“Mundae-hyung’s voice is still there I know!”

“that’s right. Can you make higher notes? “I swear on my word!”

It’s me who bets so why are you betting?

“Ugh…! me too!”

Why on earth are you accepting it?

Of course that doesn’t mean you can’t pay it… but that’s not true.

‘Eh I don’t know.’

I whipped my head around and sat cross-legged on the carpet.

“challenge.”

“Oooh!”

Ryu Cheong-woo comes out with his smartphone and takes pictures of Kim Rae-bin in front of the keyboard.

I went almost to the end of his portable keyboard making serious high notes that sounded like a dolphin would make.

“Yaaah!”

“All lovers should see this!! “There is no such thing as a passionate battle!”

“It’s amazing!! The sound goes all the way here…”

It’s okay to be happy.

I shook my head and chuckled.

“The winning prize is.”

“huh? “Where is that?”

“…”

Give me at least part-time wages as a clown.

I gave up on everything and watched Liu Chengwu briefly edit the video.

“I also included Kim Raebin’s failure!”

“Then please include the scene where Cha Yu-jin fails!”

Now those two are fighting.

Anyway while we were chewing the steak we ordered from room service we uploaded the video to the Gearco Group SNS account.

-What on earth is this?

-Are they still playing like this lol?

-Testa you really have fun living life…

-Guys you guys only booked one room at the hotel? Haha. No if anyone sees them they will think that we are real brothers…

-Look at me not taking care of my neck even though I’m on tour haha.

└I think I’m better at managing people than you who write comments criticizing celebrities during work time. Oh I’m sorry if I’m unemployed.

└He just became 2000 won more expensive.

Well it’s always a dynamic KPOP rock. but…

I watched the reactions of people who liked it happily then narrowed my eyes as I watched the number of shares and likes increase.

‘As expected it has increased.’

Recently the number of followers on the Testa account has increased noticeably. The fluctuation range was steeper than during the active period.

The same goes for shares and likes.

‘I heard that the Testa Tour has become somewhat famous.’

It was not just a simple rumor going around among fans but there was some real substance to it.

This was not a one-off aggro that resulted in a sudden increase in popularity. It has truly established itself and is being recognized in a meaningful way.

I rubbed my chin.

‘…Should we schedule an additional tour in the English and American regions after the encore concert?’

By increasing the size of the audience.

Even if it’s a bit of a stretch… it’s stadium level.

After that if it appears for certification purposes in a famous program in Europe or the United States it will serve as a signal to those with heavy buttocks.

Testa is worthy of receiving a cultural medal.

‘I don’t really like it because it’s close to toadyism.’

Still it was well worth using.

“hmm.”

I smiled and rubbed the back of my neck.

I didn’t know.

I never thought the tour would not only resolve this sudden crisis but also come back with results that exceed expectations.

Maybe… I’ve been a slow learner for years.

The fact that unpredictable events occur is not necessarily a bad thing.

‘But let’s not let our guard down.’

I woke up refreshed.

Once the upload was over the other guys were hanging out separately doing what they wanted to do.

Of course they also care about each other.

As if Ryu Cheong-woo was talking to Kim Rae-bin who was still playing the keyboard.

“What are you doing Ravin?”

“Ah I was estimating the vocal range based on the notes that Mr. Moon Dae succeeded in.”

hmm.

Originally I could make sounds up to 3 octaves but now seeing Raebin Kim pressing down…

“here.”

3 octaves D.

One whole tone increased.

“Wow has it increased this much?”

“Yes!”

For reference even in the low tone the sound went down one whole tone and one semitone.

I saw Raebin Kim’s eyes shining as she looked at me with all kinds of anticipation and excitement.

“I see. “The gatehouse is really amazing.”

“Yes!”

“…”

It’s burdensome.

“Your vocal range has changed! No it has become wider! The sound is richer and more descriptive faithfully ranging from low to high notes without any difference between chest and head voice…”

“I get it. thank you.”

“Yes! Listen! “If I were to write the notes that my brother just used on the staff…”

“…”

I heard ‘yes’ three times.

I decided to just leave Raebin Kim to have fun.

‘It would be nice if it helped with composing… ’

I was satisfied that the tour was going smoothly.

To be honest I expected it from the time I sang it at the Seoul concert.

It means that the quality of the song has changed somewhere.

Basically the growth of skills is a step process.

It was rare to experience this directly by improving your skills by ‘taking’ the stats with the help of the status window.

I quietly guessed.

‘The starting point is… ’

Solo stage.

The moment I sang it was clear that the strange sense and immersion of focusing solely on singing had a direct impact on my growth.

This is also a fact that has been confirmed by people around me.

-Brother Sol the stage was really crazy really.

-ㄹㅗ -&gt; is a typoㅠㅠㅠ

It was a text message I checked as soon as the concert ended.

It came from the big moon Ryu Geon-woo.

‘I was glad you felt refreshed.’

He was very sorry for causing harm and apologized sincerely several times.

But he no longer seemed frustrated or scared.

And I became a little more honest.

This is the reply I received when I asked to go hiking together on my next vacation.

-Thank you bro…

It was a good sign.

Since then I have been in constant contact with Geondal. They talk about all kinds of trivial things and sometimes they even talk about problems that occurred during the tour.

And about the guy’s life.

– Well… I’m thinking about retiring once my training is over.

He said he was considering quitting his job after properly sorting out the problems he caused at work during his unauthorized absence.

I didn’t stop him.

Because I know that it is not the job I wanted to do but a job I got by studying hard because the system forcibly gave me status ailments.

‘I have a lot of money but do I need to suffer from complaints and old people?’

If you cash out everything you invested in stocks you will be able to spend your whole life playing around without having to get a job.

Even if that is not the case there is no burden as you will be able to spend as much time as you want without worrying about making a living until you find what you want to do.

Still ‘It won’t be a problem if you retire but emotionally think about whether taking the exam is too much of a waste.’ I responded very carefully.

I checked the text message I had sent again smiled and closed my smartphone.

I thought it was a nice day with nothing to worry about.

Just that evening.

Keun Se-jin sneakily approached the guys who were lying down in the living room as if camping and whispered.

“Do you know about Mundaemundae?”

what.

“There are two people who filmed our entertainment. “That carrot coin the PD who filmed the distress situation and the writer of &lt;Azusa&gt;.”

How could you not know?

“I know but why?”

And then a completely unexpected remark was made.

“They say you two are working together.”

“…!?”

It is said that the PD’s entertainment corps and &lt;Azusa&gt; writer Ryu Seo-rin have been eating together recently and are looking into ways to create a program together.

‘I heard you’re in constant contact with this guy’s producer.’

Big Se-jin sends gifts every holiday to the people he gets his number from checks their articles and regularly contacts them when there is something to celebrate.

As a result it seems like I naturally received this news via text message from the producer while in contact.

“Does this feel like it will always contact us? “Ugh I’m already worried about how long you two will spend with our members. I’m worried~”

“…”

Of course Keun Se-jin has connections with both the PD and the writer and since he is a tester who has played a big part in their careers he seems confident that he will be contacted to work together again this time.

Actually that’s probably why the PD secretly revealed this news to this guy in the first place.

The problem is.

“You don’t know that.”

“What is Mundaemun University?”

“Sejin is filming a drama.”

“…!?”

Keun Se-jin who had a blank expression for a moment immediately covered his face with one hand.

“Ah ahhh…”

The filming of the next season of Bae Se-jin’s &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; was just around the corner.

The schedule which was difficult to manage between tours lasted only two months.

-I will make sure there is no disruption to the tour.

-No one suspects bro.

Just combining it with a concert right now would be a pretty hectic schedule but combining it with an infernal entertainment show produced by the PD and Writers’ Guild so quickly?

‘I guess I’ll take care of everything while I’m on the plane.’

You’ll be lucky if you don’t fall down.

However if you turn down that entertainment show you will have to wait for the next show for about half a year and then the synergy with the global momentum that is gaining momentum will end.

“…”

“…what should I do?”

It seems like Big Moon has one more story to talk about.

But after a few days.

-Ah it’s not difficult at all is it?

The PD whom we met through a video conference on a laptop shouted cheerfully as if he had nothing to worry about.

That’s right. The producer and writer who couldn’t bear to fly to the United States were on a video call with Testa.

And the PD said the solution he thought of without hesitation.

-Bae Se-jin we can also film around the drama filming set~ That will definitely save time right?

“…”

I turned my head.

“Hyung is this a filming location?”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with a shocked expression.

“…It’s a snowy mountain in Gangwon-do.”

“…!!”

Snow mountain.

This winter… Snowy Mountain.

‘No.’

I hastily opened my mouth.

“The members have already been to the mountains in Gangwon-do several times…”

-oh! Which one?

…I was going to say that because it was a familiar place our reactions would lack freshness.

Anyway it was explained appropriately.

‘There’s nothing to talk about Kim Raebin’s slump.’

They said that they all stayed together to write and compose lyrics and focused on it without any complicated schedules.

“The Byeolbyeolgok account also came out at that time.”

-Wow your passion is amazing.

Hearing the entertainment PD’s exclamation Kim Rae-bin also nodded with a flushed face.

And Ryu Seo-rin raised the corners of her mouth.

-You can do that.

“…”

“yes?”

-Let’s stay in a camp until Testa produces an album.

“yes?”

Something like that… entertainment?

‘I think it’s going to be a lot of fun.’

Isn’t there anything that can be stimulating?

I looked at this person with a hidden look in his eyes wondering if he had lost all sense but Liu Chengwu was already making a calm voice as if he was embarrassed.

“Ah… we’ve already made all the songs for our next album.”

It means don’t talk bullshit.

No what kind of entertainment is making the next album in the first place? Either it’s a joke or the quality of the album is ruined because it’s just fun.

-That’s not it… Ha I misheard the example.

On the screen Ryu Seo-rin taps the corner of her mouth with a pen.

-CM Song.

“…?”

-Testa creates CM songs for the company’s products by auctioning off the program PPL and offering the most money.

“…”

On the next screen the PD gives a standing ovation.

-Oooh! Sounds fun right? Sounds tempting?

You crazy people.

But it wasn’t the end.

-But you can’t leave there until it’s completed.

“yes?”

-You cannot descend until the advertiser is satisfied.

“…”

-It’ll be fun right?

Hell has arrived.
