---
title: "Chapter 584"
category: "book"
index: 583
section: "Chapter 584"
slug: "584"
---

# Chapter 584

Bae Se-jin quietly looked down at the script in his hand.

Script for Season 2 of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

The script which has already been read and recited dozens or hundreds of times so that you can clearly picture it in your voice is unfolded with all kinds of corrections and notes.

I didn’t do it alone.

‘…I got a lot of help.’

Until this was completed there were members who would secretly come and interfere as long as they had the script.

He recalled Liu Chengwu’s words that started it all.

-I see. So do you think it would be easier to plan if there was a counterpart role?

Receive lines from the script’s counterpart.

In the early days of my childhood my mother did it for me occasionally and after that it was enough for me to do it on my own without anyone else…

However instead of coldly hanging up saying ‘You are actually stealing my time’ Bae Se-jin just let the members recite their lines.

It was a little embarrassing but it was fun.

‘This… actually has nothing to do with group activities.’

This wasn’t a stage performance or song production or at least it wasn’t idol Bae Se-jin’s solo activity.

Although it was strictly actor Bae Se-jin’s personal work the members’ interference was purely a matter of friendliness or favor.

– Well if you say yes… thank you.

So he happily accepted the favor (even though he didn’t show it).

I thought that if I didn’t have enough time I could just take a break later.

But it was unexpectedly helpful.

‘It wasn’t a waste of time.’

Hearing the thoughts of someone with a different way of thinking than my own allowed me to look at the script from a more diverse perspective.

Bae Se-jin looks into and tells the story from a blind spot beyond the reach of his thoughts which he would not have known if he had read it alone.

So Bae Se-jin slightly modified his interpretation of his role…

“Mr. Sejin.”

“…!”

Bae Se-jin suddenly woke up from his thoughts.

This is the filming location.

“It’s Sejin’s turn.”

“yes.”

He put down the script and got up at the manager’s call.

My eyes shined.

‘Let’s do it right.’

This is Seolsan Mountain Gangwon-do.

&lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; Season 2. It was his first filming.

Bae Se-jin plays the role of Jeong Yi-sol.

He is a medical student with antisocial personality disorder and a psychopath who lacks empathy.

Among the people trapped in a strange high-rise building and trying to escape they commit inhumane murders without hesitation using food as their absolute value.

Even the main character was killed without any hesitation.

However what Jeong Yi-sol failed to calculate is that the moment the main character dies he returns to the beginning of the play.

So the moment season 2 starts.

-Heo Eok

The protagonist who returns to the past kills Jeong Yi-sol as soon as he meets her.

Bae Se-jin has already filmed that scene. This is thanks to the fact that during the filming of Season 1 we had already filmed up to that point in order to connect the actors’ emotions.

So it is easy to think that he who played Jeong Yi-sol who has already died in season 2 will not appear much in the drama but…

In fact Bae Se-jin’s role does not end there.

widely.

A signal to start filming.

The moment the short sound of the slate stops I forget my filming equipment.

…

Jeong Yi-sol opened her mouth.

“hi.”

“…!”

He is peacefully crossing his legs on the simple chair he is sitting on.

What he was holding in his hand was a medical questionnaire held by a clip and what he was wearing was a white robe.

What we face is the main character of this play.

And this place where they are…

Whiuuuuu…

It is a desolate snowy mountain with endless white snow and cold winds.

The protagonist asks with a trembling voice.

“what’s this.”

Jeong Yi-sol answers casually.

“Your image.”

“…”

That’s right.

This Jeong Yi-sol is not a real character in the play.

When the main character faints falls asleep or is pushed into an extreme situation. In other words it was the protagonist’s delusion that appeared in his head when he was unconscious.

“Why are you here!”

“Maybe I am your trauma. Other than that I can’t use any proper terminology. “Because I am a product of your imagination.”

So the two people sit facing each other on simple chairs in the bleak snowy mountain landscape of midwinter.

It’s like receiving psychological counseling.

And it evaluates the protagonist’s actions one by one and reveals his hidden thoughts.

-It was a hasty decision to bring in Myunghee Lee as a colleague. He died at a convenience store last time but will he survive longer this time?

-Burns in the lower abdomen penetrating right shoulder and fractured left ankle. You need a real doctor now not a psychologist.

-You left Myunghee Lee at the security room. There is no difference between your choice and the choice I made.

The imagined landscape is not always a snowy mountain. The main character sees hallucinations even in reality. In that case he will sit right next to you and have a conversation.

Sometimes it’s painful sometimes it’s calming and sometimes… surprisingly it’s comforting.

-… Even if I had chosen the other side the situation wouldn’t have been any better.

However the meaning of all words changes depending on the tone.

In fact Bae Se-jin planned to embody this imaginary character in a more aggressive and evil sense than the original Jeong Yi-sol.

‘It’s even more so because it’s my imagination.’

This is because I thought it would be natural for Jeong Yi-sol to be depicted as a more fearful and scary person as it was in the head of the main character who was directly murdered.

However during the script practice for this part the opinions expressed by the members who were in charge of the lines for the main character who was playing the opposite role were slightly different.

Bae Se-jin who was interested in that asked each person’s opinion more seriously.

To one person in particular.

-Well well… then. It’s just my opinion

Seon Ah-hyun.

Starting from the album he was playing a somewhat mysterious and eerie figure in the group’s worldview.

Somewhere like Jeong Yi-sol.

Maybe that’s why I thought more deeply about the psychological state of the main character and Jeong Yi-sol.

-If this character is the protagonist’s imagination… wouldn’t it be more humane? I think the wish that ‘Jung Yi-sol was a good person’ was reflected… More than anything…

One final word.

-The main character… killed Jeong Yi-sol.

-…!

-I don’t think there was any guilt. Because the main character is a good person…

Bae Se-jin thought quite deeply.

And in response to his agony Park Mun-dae gave simple advice.

-Either way if your brother plays it there will be enough probability. Because my brother is an expert.

-But if I had to ask…

Opinions from different angles.

-I think people will like it better.

-ah…!

It’s fun to see Jeong Yi-sol being a little more friendly!

This is what the viewer sees from outside the play.

-… good. thank you.

That’s why Jeong Yi-sol appears like this in the protagonist’s mental world.

Tell a cold and cruel story but make it seem slightly shaken by the protagonist’s pain.

As time goes on the viewer becomes slightly more excited or confused as to whether he is being kind.

‘For me this episode is more fun to act in… ’

In fact a character like Jeong Yi-sol who only focuses on survival efficiency without any empathy was not Bae Se-jin’s taste at all.

So it seems like he is regaining some sympathy for the main character… A subtle change in Jeong Yi-sol in this imaginary world.

‘Even though it is a fake that the protagonist imagines.’

I was kind of looking forward to acting in this.

Jeong Yi-sol was created through the heart of Bae Se-jin.

He now raised his head and looked at the protagonist who was still in a state of panic.

“My imagination? Dream… is this a dream?”

“Think whatever you want. now…”

Jeong Yi-sol pressed the ballpoint pen.

“It’s time to wake up.”

“ah…”

The main character fell down on the snow.

Jeong Yi-sol did not pay attention.

Cut!!

In that way Bae Se-jin’s first scene of this season received a clear OK.

“Oh I love it! In particular it’s best not to pay attention here. Strangely I really like it aesthetically.”

The director muttered with satisfaction and the people around him happily organized the filming equipment.

Even during the filming that took place afterward Bae Se-jin never once received an NG sign.

However everyone involved on set realized this.

Bae Se-jin did not pour in ad-libs that were not in the script.

However from the tone of voice movement and gaze… room was being given to Jeong Yi-sol’s acting.

Client.

towards the protagonist.

“…Our Lee Sol’s character is changing little by little?”

“yes… I think that’s more attractive.”

“Uh oh. that’s right. Just do it. “Do what Mr. Sejin thought.”

The director immediately confirmed.

Despite his meticulous character composition and excellence in capturing delicate moments on set he is impressed and tongue-tied but not shocked.

Surprise occurs when something unexpected happens. That’s for people with a bad reputation.

However when a person who was originally crazy good performs again like crazy instead of surprise one more layer of trust is piled up.

‘A true genius is a genius.’

like this.

“It was really… really good.”

“…thank you.”

After filming. Bae Se-jin knew what was filmed while drinking a warm decaffeinated Americano before even watching it.

‘…You must have done well.’

A soft and tight feeling of satisfaction bloomed in my heart.

After such faithful filming.

“Sejin senior!”

“…Oh yes.”

“Today we went to a good restaurant in Gangwon-do and had a company dinner… I’m really sorry that you couldn’t come. “I heard you have a schedule.”

The actor playing the main character asked in a sociable and humorous manner.

Bae Se-jin answered somewhat awkwardly but quite forcefully.

“Yes… there is a group photo shoot nearby. “I can’t help it because I will join right away.”

“Ah… Wow so I guess the testers are nearby right now?”

“yes.”

If it were Bae Se-jin before ‘What are you planning?’ You might have looked confused as to why you were talking to me with the same face but that doesn’t happen anymore.

On the contrary he was a little excited at the thought that he had successfully timed it well and enjoyed a light small talk with the other actors until the manager came!

“Can I get Ryu Cheong-woo’s autograph? “I’ve been a fan of him since he was a member of the national team…”

“…I’ll go and ask right away today.”

“Oh thank you!”

Bae Se-jin was satisfied with her improved sociability.

And when I glanced I saw the manager coming from over there.

‘Finally moving… ’

But the manager was not alone.

He and a production company employee were having a conversation.

And when he makes eye contact with Bae Se-jin he speaks with joy.

“Mr. Sejin wait a moment.”

“…?”

“We had this conversation…”

So after hearing some unexpected news Bae Se-jin quickly headed to the mountain cabin which was 20 minutes away!

My heart was pounding.

‘I’m sure everyone is taking pictures in advance!’

What happened in the half a day he was gone?

Maybe they had already chosen three or four candidates for a CM song.

Bae Se-jin actually realized that he did not contribute much to the team’s composition…

‘…But if only there was a little bit of lyric writing!’

From now on everyone will be happy if you participate diligently and tell them that your advice was a great help to the filming…

With that in mind he started walking excitedly as soon as he got out of the car.

however.

“…What’s so bad about you…?”

In the yard I meet Park Mun-dae his face covered in soot and scruffy!

* * *

“A lot has happened.”

“…”

Park Moon-dae guided Bae Se-jin into the mountain cabin. At the same time they seem to be wary of the production crew moving around and looking around.

There is so much tension and resignation in one’s body that one would think it has been about a week since the outbreak of the zombie outbreak.

‘What is it?’

“What’s going on?”

“Something… happened.”

It was simple.

Here Testa received all food clothing and shelter and was not only comfortable and happy about making CM songs.

“Now that I know I have to live my life on my own…”

“…”

Let’s do our own work!

“But they said that every time a CM song is passed they will give us pocket money and let us go out into the city… Until then they say we will be caught like a thief.”

“…”

Well they say it was okay up to that point. Whether it was cooking cleaning or any hard work everyone did it pretty well.

It wasn’t difficult to compose while living a simple natural life.

but…

“It wasn’t up to us to do that job.”

Through the game led by the production team lots were drawn and roles were distributed according to each person’s rank.

And the result is…

“Seon Ah-hyun cooks…?”

“…”

“Park Moon-dae… chopping firewood?”

So it happened.

Bae Se-jin broke into a cold sweat.

In the meantime Park Moon-dae showed off what he had been carefully hiding behind his work gloves.

Foil oozing soot.

“I’m sneaking out to get some roasted sweet potatoes. “The production crew hasn’t found out yet.”

“…You’re talking to a camera right now?!”

“I bought everything.”

The camera directors gave their thumbs up. It was the power of wood-fired roasted sweet potatoes.

“…”

Bae Se-jin was speechless for a moment!

But I couldn’t lose it for long.

“All the other members.”

“It’s a hunting team.”

“…?”

“Cha Yu-jin Lee Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo. These three are a hunting team. “For now you just need to know that.”

Park Mun-dae took another step.

Bae Se-jin is in confusion!

Buy hunting?

No not in the first place.

“What about composition?”

“We haven’t even started yet.”

For a moment Bae Se-jin was astonished by those words but when he heard the word composition one of the members immediately came to mind.

One person who still hasn’t come out of Park Moon-dae’s mouth!

The man who produced each of Testa’s albums!

“So what about Raebin Kim? Ravin composed the music…”

“It’s radish radish kimchi.”

“…??”

Moon-Dae Park explained.

“I said kkakdugi because I’m the youngest.”

“…”

“It’s a role where you don’t have to do anything.”

Raebin Kim sealed!

“Then who composes the music?”

“Brother.”

“…”

Me?

“yes. My brother. “The remaining swallows were the main producers.”

Bae Se-jin froze in his sudden position.

Park Mun-dae who was tired from chopping firewood in the furnace attached to the snowy mountain said solemnly as he held out a roasted sweet potato.

“If you understand let’s get started. I’m currently behind on 3 songs… but he said if he starts everyone can participate. “Oh except Ravin.”

“…”

“I think I need to finish sketching one song today in order to meet my labor quota… or rather my deadline.”

Bae Se-jin hesitated unable to accept the roasted sweet potatoes and eventually opened his mouth feeling like he wanted to close his eyes.

“Hey… it’s not 3 songs.”

“…?”

“Four songs.”

Bae Se-jin avoided his eyes.

Recalling what the production company employee said earlier.

“Oh our drama production company thought it would be fun so they asked the production team for an additional auction and added a PPL.”

“…”

Testa labor list updated.

&lt;Doll Hunter&gt; CM song… No OST added.
