---
title: "Chapter 585"
category: "book"
index: 584
section: "Chapter 585"
slug: "585"
---

# Chapter 585

A combination of a fraud PD guy and a spicy writer.

Of course I knew it would be hell.

But I had no idea it would be this kind of hell.

What did you expect?

A first-tier idol who works hard to produce a CM song that suits the advertisers’ tastes as much as possible under a tight schedule but is trapped in the cycle of endless rejection.

It is a grand closing party where you can drink caffeine like water and fully savor the spicy taste of capitalism.

But the reality is…

“…I’m out of sweet potatoes.”

“…”

“…”

“…Shall I run away?”

I haven’t even started composing music but I’m worried about food first.

‘Is this true?’

The Industrial Revolution was needed before capitalism.

Bae Se-jin who was carefully putting down the last roasted sweet potato closed his eyes tightly.

“When on earth are the hunting team coming? “No what are you doing before that?!”

I guess I should tell you the truth at this point.

“I don’t know either.”

“…??”

“Anyway the production crew said it was a hunting team and took us with them.”

Perhaps Testa’s last title song was &lt;Hunting&gt; so it may have been loosely copied from there…

“…Isn’t this kidnapping?”

“Sure.”

“…”

It’s my business. You end up talking as if it’s someone else’s business. Because my nose has grown three years old.

‘I won’t starve.’

Isn’t it better than me surviving on smuggled roasted sweet potatoes?

Bae Se-jin sat down on the lower floor and fell into a deep sleep.

“First of all… Then Sun Ah-hyun and Kim Rae-bin are at home. Why can’t I see it? “Where is it?”

“Ahyun is in the kitchen.”

“…Are you cooking?”

“yes.”

I looked at my watch and declared.

“It’s been almost four hours.”

“…”

“They say we can’t meet until it’s completed.”

“…Shall I report it to the police?”

Unfortunately I don’t have a smartphone.

Bae Se-jin and I remained silent with many meanings in mind.

“Okay… Anyway what about Ravin?”

“I am in the room of dreams and happiness.”

“…?”

This… it’s better to show it in person rather than say a thousand words.

“Let’s go see him.”

I got up opened the door and walked down the hallway of the mountain cabin. Bae Se-jin followed me with a slightly nervous look.

And the last room.

There is a space with a nameplate that says ‘Room of Dreams and Happiness’.

I looked inside and spoke.

“Ravin.”

“…brother!”

The guy who was sitting on the floor as if he had lost all his money in stocks got up and turned his head.

And when I saw the person behind me my face brightened slightly.

“Brother Sejin! “You’ve returned home!”

“Uh oh…”

However Bae Se-jin looks confused.

It was worth it.

This is because the room where Raebin Kim was sitting was truly the pinnacle of a staycation.

This room is equipped with everything including a large TV a soft bean bag a sofa a game machine a book a diffuser and a sleeping mask. There is even a portable bubble bathtub in the bathroom.

It is truly a space of relaxation that modern people dream of!

But that’s it.

“Why… is there a bar on the door?”

“…”

Raebin Kim stood in front of the bars and spoke solemnly.

“Because it is forbidden to provide meaningful help to other members…”

“…”

Thanks to this Raebin Kim was suffering from mental torture instead of enjoying a honey-like staycation.

Bae Se-jin who was watching this hurriedly turned his head to me.

“Since when did kkakdugi have that kind of meaning…? As far as I know… isn’t it like playing together and being exempted from elimination or something like that??”

“you’re right.”

Kkakdugi. This role was mainly created to enable young children or people who are not familiar with the game to participate but avoid the bitter taste of being eliminated.

“It’s the production team’s opinion.”

Anyway the production team defined kkakdugi here as ‘a person who doesn’t do hard work and just participates in filming and enjoys it.’

“…”

Bae Se-jin looked like she would grab him by the collar if a PD appeared in front of him.

Meanwhile Raebin Kim lowered his voice and hesitated before asking.

“Ho how is composing going?”

“We haven’t even started yet.”

“yes?”

At that moment Bae Se-jin opened his eyes wide as if he realized something and lowered his voice.

“…yes! Can you give me some advice? “I’d like to ask you about what you should usually make first when making that CM song or things you should pay attention to.”

“If I can help of course!”

Bae Se-jin was pleased. It seemed like he was planning on asking this question and getting advice.

And Kim Rae-bin’s similarly dynamic eyes returned with a twinkle in his eyes and he clasped his hands together.

But I still looked at the two guys with wide eyes.

because…

[Warning~~!]

Beep-!

“…!!”

A beeping sound began to sound loudly in Kim Rae-bin’s room. Anyone who sees it will think there was an earthquake.

I opened my mouth with an expressionless expression.

“This is what happens when Raebin Kim says the word ‘help’.”

“…”

“Let’s go. “The first PPL is for carbonated drinks.”

So Bae Se-jin began composing in silence…

“…Because it’s a carbonated drink expressions like ‘bubble bubble tok tok’ come to mind.”

“It looks like detergent.”

“I think so too.”

But progress did not go out.

Bae Se-jin is holding her head and looking at the children’s composition program with the staff on it with rolling eyes.

In fact it’s not like Bae Se-jin doesn’t have the ability to compose. In fact Bae Se-jin participated in some of the top notes of the songs in the next regular album. but…

‘You don’t have confidence.’

On the contrary it would be better if Kim Rae-bin was there. This is because I believe that even if I do something outrageous they will stop me from doing so.

However as the responsibility became entirely his own he seemed to have less creative thinking due to the pressure as he was originally prone to avoidance due to the enormous sense of responsibility.

Hmm I’ll try to encourage a light approach first.

I tapped the guy.

“First let’s try picking a melody from a non-copyrighted children’s song or folk song.”

“Ah… that’s okay too…”

It was then.

Ding-dong!

“…!”

It was the sound of the doorbell ringing. And then a bright voice was heard from the other side of the door.

“Guys we’re back~!!”

Bae Se-jin jumped up from his seat.

“That!”

“yes.”

It was the return of the hunting team.

We sat down in the hallway in front of the barred door thinking of Kim Rae-bin who was trapped in the room.

As the number of people increased and the place became more crowded Kim Rae-bin’s complexion also improved a little. After shrugging my shoulders I looked at Big Sejin and opened my mouth.

“How was it?”

‘Now if you tell me a little about what the hunting team did the mood will ease… ’

“It was a shame…”

“…”

Something remarkable came out of the mouth of a guy who usually doesn’t say things like this.

What on earth did you do?

“Didn’t you guys go hunting?”

“Hunting is hunting… right.”

“…?”

There was a moment of miserable silence.

I realized that this was a similar type of silence as when I explained the situation to Bae Se-jin earlier.

‘I’ve had so many things happen’.

Of course like extroverts they started talking before even asking.

“‘Today you are the sheep’…you know that lyric. Lyrics of our &lt;Hunting&gt; song.”

uh.

“You did exactly that?”

“…?”

Big Sejin covered his face with both hands.

“Wearing the fleece fleece we received through PPL we competed to see who could get hit by the most bubble arrows…”

“…”

therefore.

‘Are these guys not hunting but being hunted?… ’

I saw three people who couldn’t bear to raise their faces.

The guys who wore several layers of fleece on a snowy mountain in the middle of winter and launched themselves at flying bubble arrows proved firsthand that ‘fleece is warm and thick.’

“No… to a former national team member…”

“ha ha ha.”

Liu Chengwu’s laughter has never sounded so empty.

“I can catch that wild boar. “I’d rather do that.”

Cha Yu-jin was shocked and developed advanced conversation skills.

After a while in shock and solemnity Keun Se-jin took his hand away from his face and spoke in a bright voice.

“But we’ve received a lot of this and that? “I won a special prize and got pocket money to go to town!”

“Pull it out?”

“…We gave you a ticket to draw food ingredients according to the number of arrows hit by bubble wrap.”

ah.

“There were a lot of crashes…”

It was just when I was about to become solemn again.

“Guys…!!”

A rushing sound was heard outside the back door and the door burst open revealing a flushed face.

It was Sun Ah-hyun her hair stuck to her sweat.

“Over there…! “I made food!”

“Oooh!”

Everyone jumped up.

Sun Ah-hyun looked even happier after confirming that other members had also joined.

This guy who clearly had gone through a lot of trial and error for four and a half hours was holding in his hand the food he had managed to prepare. That’s right…

“Here.”

Roasted Corn.

five things.

“…”

“…”

“…You also decided on the menu?”

“Ugh…”

Sun Ah-hyun blushed and lowered her head.

“There were menus and recipes in the kitchen…”

Three meals and snacks a day.

You could only cook within that menu.

-Today’s meal

Breakfast\: Potato salad morning bread banana yogurt fresh fruit and tomato juice.

Lunch\: Bulgogi stew seasoned spinach fried egg and stir-fried potato ham.

Snack\: Grilled corn butter and strawberry milk.

…

“There are almost no ingredients for that menu…”

“…”

The only basic ingredients provided are green beans and canned ham!

‘The sweet potatoes… I stole them.’

After failing miserably at my attempt at stir-fried potato slices and ham I barely managed to roast corn.

“I’m sorry. “It’s a recipe that requires the use of fire… so it keeps burning.”

“…I chose Ahyeon because I knew she wasn’t good at using fire.”

These vicious bastards are real.

“Ahyeon’s sashimi is popular. Better send it to a place near the beach!”

“that’s right!”

“If you go down here you’re right at the sea!”

Since it was close to the filming location of the drama even the person who played a part in selecting this location chimed in with his face turning red with anger.

It seems that the cruel truth that Sun Ah-hyun should not have been in charge of cooking in the first place could not be brought out.

‘It’s worth it.’

What on earth can you say to a guy who stayed in the kitchen and the room next to it sweating profusely for four hours?

“But the corn was roasted well.”

“…!! Ugh…! thank you!”

I praised him as I held up the half-burnt corn butter sticking to one side and the other side crumbling.

Isn’t it worth the money to get encouragement?

Of course the team that became the sheep and gathered the ingredients was already thinking about the future of the ingredients.

“If you give me beef… it will come out turned into charcoal.”

“…”

“Nooooooo.”

Cha Yu-jin rolled around on the floor saying that she should have won the lamb (Seon Ah-hyeon was the only breeder who was good at grilling).

“I’m sorry…”

“What are you talking about Ahyeon!”

“This is not something you should apologize for.”

“Yes~ Ah-hyun-ah-hyun!” “It’s the fault of the production crew who ordered it!”

But after saying that Big Sejin secretly whispered to me.

“How can I secretly sneak into the kitchen at Mundaemundae…”

“This is my limit.”

I showed him the one remaining roasted sweet potato.

Big Sejin sank holding the radish he had picked up.

And after satisfying our hunger with bare rice (luckily Ryu Cheong-woo brought instant rice) and corn we finally started working on the CM song together.

“Kim Rae-bin can’t do it…”

I will correct it. We started working on a CM song by ourselves with Kim Rae-bin a copyright rich with maestro characteristics as our totem.

This is how it goes.

“no! This is a scam! Advertisers must have signed the contract thinking Raebin Kim would compose the song!”

“I guess so.”

Is there any way that the production team could have honestly informed us of the expected situation?

“That’s why the other members said they wouldn’t work harder to meet those expectations.”

“…”

“and.”

“I’m suing our production team.”

Some American-like remarks were made but anyway we worked hard to encourage Bae Se-jin and created a CM song.

“Hyung… I’m glad you brought up the melody! “If we all work together now won’t something come out?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin muttered as if she had let go of everything.

“But they say I have to lead no matter what comes out…”

“…”

Big Sejin slowly turned his head. Cha Yu-jin argued for tearing down the bars on Kim Rae-bin’s door and the argument almost passed.

Anyway since everyone had producing experience even though it was carried out in such a tedious manner a fairly decent CM song was produced in just a few hours.

Kim Rae-bin who couldn’t even participate almost cried.

-Oh oh oh oh- Oh orange soda!

“I like it because it has a classic feel…!”

“Yeah! “I like it too!”

“Yeah… I think so too.”

Bae Se-jin sighed and submitted the version to the production team with a slightly brighter complexion.

“The first song is finished!”

but.

-I think the melody is overly complicated.

-Say you wish it was a little more flashy. But is the wow point clear?

-It would have been better if the instrument had been simpler.

-Ah~ You said the previous version was better!

An endless feedback hell awaited.

“…”

The members held up pretty well. Even though I was feeling discouraged I would put my head together and somehow analyze the meaning of the feedback and make corrections…

The final blow came at 2 a.m.

-Somehow it feels less exciting than the previous version?

“…Which part?”

-Uh… overall? Anyway it feels that way.

Pop.

“…Tell me honestly. I don’t think this is feedback from advertisers right? “It seems like the production team is just spinning a wheel or something and giving random feedback!”

“calm down!”

“That’s right!”

“Brother Sejin is crazy! But that’s right!”

After many twists and turns I stayed up all night and it wasn’t until 3 a.m. the next day that the soda commercial song was finally passed.

-I wish you had given it to me like this a long time ago~ Ah everyone says it’s so good!

Bae Se-jin covered his face.

“It was almost the same as the first draft…”

“…”

It can’t go on like this.

I gathered the hunting team guys together and had a long chat.

“If we continue like this we’ll get sick.”

“huh.”

The guys who were afraid that the production team would ask them to do something like wrestle with the elephant doll they received as a PPL (condition\: they must lose) participated in the conversation seriously.

Seon Ah-hyeon who was worried that people would starve because she ruined the cooking was also successful in persuading her.

Needless to say Kim Rae-bin who was enjoying a forced vacation alone in a cage with tears in her eyes was caught.

So in the late afternoon I woke up after everyone had fainted that morning.

“We’re going out of town this evening.”

“…however?”

I looked at Bae Se-jin and declared.

“Let’s go on strike.”

* * *

“…I’m sure by this time people are thinking about a strike and a labor union.”

“Ohh.”

“It’s obvious that it’s a Testa trick.”

Writer Ryu Seo-rin adjusted her glasses and smiled at the producer who was also adjusting his glasses.

The PD was smiling brightly as if he was excited just thinking about it.

“Well then… the timing is when you went out to town?”

“Of course.”

The harmonious laughter of those who were crazy about the number of views spread widely.

The dog fight between two self-respecting genius production crew members and idols begins now!
