---
title: "Chapter 586"
category: "book"
index: 585
section: "Chapter 586"
slug: "586"
---

# Chapter 586

That evening.

“The weather is nice~”

“It’s a nice neighborhood.”

Testa who successfully completed one CM song was given free time to go to a nearby seaside village at the foot of the mountain.

Honestly I had a good time. The village was cute and pretty and the amenities were well-equipped.

It was clear that the production team deliberately prepared it to contrast with the hellish CM song camp.

‘I guess they chose this place after visiting several villages.’

After eating cockle bibimbap for dinner we walked along the beach and drank coffee.

For reference this coffee was bought by Kim Rae-bin after running to a cafe a little away.

He was so happy that he was able to work after leaving the room of forced staycation in the Room of Dreams and Happiness.

“thanks. “Are you feeling okay?”

“yes! “I feel so peaceful and happy!”

“…”

devil.

I let Raebin Kim enjoy helping the members with errands.

I sat leisurely on the beach bench and drank coffee and after a while I quietly got up and walked. Sun Ah-hyun quickly followed suit.

Then the staff member asked with his mouth.

-Where are you going?

“I have some pocket money so I’m going to go buy some things for a moment.”

Naturally there was no one to stop him.

There’s something the PD said himself.

-As long as you don’t commit a crime you can spend your pocket money however you want.

So we walked leisurely and bought some sketchbooks and markers at a stationery store.

“how is it.”

“I think this color will look good…!”

Although there were some writing instruments for composing the variety was not this wide so the staff seemed to understand that they were purchasing them for auxiliary purposes.

‘Good.’

I was in no hurry and after paying the bill I went back to the beach and joined the other guys.

“Did you buy it well~?”

“okay.”

“Ugh!”

“I heard you guys shopped over there? let’s go!”

Naturally we joined Ryu Cheong-woo and Bae Se-jin who were standing far away on the beach and walked again.

It was around that time that the youngest members who had taken the initiative to throw away cups etc. returned.

“Hey!!”

“Eujin is here too.”

When the outing time was over Testa returned to the cabin without any problem.

However Ryu Cheong-woo raised his hand to the staff who tried to send Kim Rae-bin back into the hotel cage.

“wait a minute.”

“…?”

Ryu Cheong-woo unwrapped one of the sketchbooks I bought and handed it to Kim Rae-bin.

Testa then naturally assigned the remaining sketchbooks to each other and then picked up a writing instrument.

Scrunch.

The phrases completed without hesitation are… this.

[Please bring back Raebin Kim!]

[A kitchen for Park Moon-dae!]

[Give me some lamb]

[I am not a sheep today]

“…!!”

As soon as the slogan was completed the staff’s expressions changed.

“What are you doing?”

“haha.”

“…Testers?”

“ha ha ha.”

“…”

We sat on our haunches in the hallway and held our sketchbooks.

“I’ll stay here while I take a break.”

“…!!”

Not long after we successfully make a video call with the headquarters of evil… or rather the program’s executive producer.

“Hello PD.”

Get a taste of union.

-Wait a minute! Testa are you really on strike right now? No in entertainment?

Of course we cannot simply answer that it is a strike here.

“It’s a strike.”

Liu Chengwu smiled and answered.

“I’m taking a break to recover my energy.”

-…

But now no one knows how long that break will last.

-no.

Over the phone the producer’s empty silence and the sounds of the writers suppressing laughter echoed pleasantly.

-I see.

“yes.”

-But if the CM song doesn’t come out on time because you’re taking a long break… don’t you think there will be a problem with Testa’s reliability?

Liu Chengyu answered softly.

“Producer is that our credibility?”

-…??

“Isn’t the credibility of a program that locks the member who is the best at composing music in a hotel vacation room…?”

-…

“Ohhh that’s right! PD think well of me!”

Testa’s shouts holding a sketchbook echoed through the hallway.

Of course you can’t ruin an entertainment program that’s been great.

But doesn’t that guy think the same thing?

‘The one who is more scared loses.’

Let’s go play chicken!

Testa calmly sat down and waved a placard at the smartphone camera. I also picked up mine.

[It’s so spicy I want to run away]

When pushed into a corner Testa also had a tendency to bite the production crew.

-Oh no.

The embarrassed PD made a dying sound. The sound of the writers laughing again could be heard softly in the background.

Hahaha!

– Are you laughing at this serious situation? You traitors!

It will come out.

‘I’m doing this to make you smile.’

Even though it was an entertainment show they would have looked solemn and demanded improvement in treatment.

The moment we become aware of it it can become a lot of fun as the production crew is watching us and adjusting the level.

So through this method we are trying to send a message to the production team that says ‘It seems like you guys have crossed a line.’

So that you can take care of it yourself.

‘Then I will release Kim Rae-bin… or at least let us all cook together.’

Drawing on natural expectations I waited for the compromise plan to come out of the phone like a declaration of surrender.

And finally the PD speaks…

-I might like this. Lovers will be disappointed right?

“…??”

Words you never imagined begin to come out.

-Actually we decided to gather Loveviewers remotely and pre-release our testa’s CM song for evaluation.

yes?

-Phew… already! All applications have been accepted online and the lottery has been completed.

“Wait a minute.”

These guys… really?

-But if the song doesn’t come out by then there’s nothing we can do. We should all announce cancellation now. To the lovers.

“…”

-Testa is resting! They say they don’t have any songs to share with the lovers!

Are you bringing a light bulb?

As I looked around I saw all the members’ pupils shaking.

The production crew… succeeded in making Testa freak out.

-Ha… We Love Viewers must have been very excited because they won right?

“…”

-You must have loved it saying it would be so fun to be able to see for the first time what kind of song Testa made.

“…”

-I will be so disappointed if I don’t see it…

“Stop it.”

-yes?

“I’m going to compose so stop.”

The strike was suppressed within an hour.

Hahahaha!

This time the writers’ laughter didn’t sound so cool…

* * *

Boouk.

We tore the page with the strike phrases from our sketchbook and placed it in front of Kim Rae-bin’s window as a consolation before moving on.

In the meantime the video call continued without interruption.

-Everyone… you can’t win.

It’s noisy.

‘How much did you see?’

This means that they anticipated and prepared for a strike but it is a strategy that can only be achieved by knowing us quite well…

‘No of course I understand.’

There are more than one or two entertainment shows that you have done with Testa so far.

Even more so since that PD and that writer crossed paths the experience would have been doubled.

“Whoa…”

Sighs were heard here and there.

Of course resignation is quick.

“Ah I can’t believe they were suppressed so quickly!”

“It’s so sad really…”

“…I can’t help it. Lover came out…”

The production crew filming this situation from the side were not surprised by this change in attitude.

This is because they know very well that testers with a strong sense of responsibility will not throw away the work they received through PPL or miss the filming of entertainment shows.

“Then shall we work hard at composing music?”

“Let’s do that.”

After Testa entered the room he started composing a commercial song for Wool Fleece after drinking soda.

This is the product that the hunting team received a barrage of bubble wrap arrows from.

“…Well it was really warm.”

“Ahhhh.”

As sad memories came to mind we almost delayed for a moment but soon everyone on the hunting team calmly continued their work.

“Hmm since it’s outerwear… how about something a little sentimental?”

“Winter feeling~ I like it. Ah Chungwoo it looks like you have something to say?”

“Oh I was thinking about going cute.”

“Hmm that would be nice too.”

This time for some reason there were no guys rolling on the floor to give up Kim Rae-bin.

“I went to the bathroom!”

“Okay okay.”

The testas just patted each other amicably and clicked on the program to make notes.

It was a scene in stark contrast to the previous day.

“…?”

Even the staff was a little taken aback by how smooth it was.

and.

“Ta-da!”

The time it took to complete… only 100 minutes!

-…!!

It was really fast.

We immediately submitted the CM song and soon after we received a video call from the PD.

The PD clasped his hands together was silent for a moment and then asked.

-everyone.

“yes.”

-… What did you do?

“Ah when you mentioned the story of Lover I suddenly got inspired and finished it right away.”

-…

It was clear that you guys wanted to shout out where did you get scammed?

After listening to the song from beginning to end the PD was speechless at the perfection of the song and the sound of Ryu Seo-rin running behind him was heard.

You’re going to turn the camera.

Meanwhile the PD is targeting the person in charge of producing.

-Mr. Sejin?

Bae Se-jin turned his head.

-Sejin’s abilities are truly outstanding.

“…thank you.”

-As expected Testa’s main producer! Aren’t your producing capabilities just surpassing Mr. Ravine’s? From being a genius actor to producing?

“yes. you’re right.”

-…!!

When Bae Se-jin answered shamelessly the PD was rather embarrassed.

“I am the producer of my time.”

-…

“Is Sejin following Kim Raebin’s footsteps?”

“I guess so.”

“As expected you’re a good actor.”

-No these people are real.

So why are you looking for an actor?

The PD was embarrassed by Bae Se-jin’s sharp answer and kept asking questions but when no one opened his mouth he pulled out his hair.

It was really nice to see.

-No is it really going to stay like this?

huh.

I asked nicely.

“I guess you’re very curious about what happened.”

-… Right?!

“Shall I let you know?”

-… Then that would be good right?

I nodded. The PD leaned in and concentrated.

I too leaned in and opened my mouth as if to whisper…

“I don’t like it.”

“Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!”

The members bowed their bodies barely holding back the onomatopoeia ‘Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk’.

The camera director who was following the scene also tried not to shake his hands because he was laughing.

It’s really cost-effective for everyone to enjoy the sacrifice of one PD.

Unfortunately it didn’t last long.

Ryu Seo-rin who had gone to watch the recorded film has returned.

-Check Cha Yu-jin’s belongings!

“…!!”

At that cry the staff took a close-up of Cha Yu-jin.

“Oh I got caught.”

“It’s okay if you don’t get tested! “I’ll show you.”

While the staff was tense Cha Yu-jin smiled cheerfully and took out something the size of a baby’s palm from her back pocket.

That’s right… colorful toys.

It was a walkie-talkie.

-…?!

Huh?

The sound of surprise was heard even among the on-site staff.

Because it cannot exist!

-Where on earth did you get it…?

Cha Yu-jin answered confidently.

“I bought it in the village earlier!”

-…!!

That’s right.

From planning to preparation.

This strike… was pure aggro!

* * *

The town I went out to.

This was implemented from the moment I woke up to buy a sketchbook for the strike.

-Let us all split up.

‘If the number of people is torn apart the staff members are also torn apart and reduced.’

The number of eyes that carefully check what you are doing is decreasing.

So it becomes relatively easy to do something secretly.

In fact the staff’s attention is suddenly focused on Nana and Ryu Cheong-woo who went shopping and Kim Rae-bin who went to return the coffee cup and take out the trash has more freedom of movement.

Then this becomes possible freely.

-Oh let’s take a look at this!

You quickly find a nearby franchise store in your car using the smartphone you returned while going out and then snoop around to find the item as if you found it by chance.

Cha Yu-jin who followed Kim Rae-bin pretended to be child-shopping and successfully eluded the camera for a moment and made the purchase.

as soon as…

“It’s a toy walkie-talkie.”

The rest is simple.

When returning to the mountain cabin and locking Raebin Kim in the hotel room.

-wait a minute.

In a situation where Ryu Cheong-woo was talking to the staff to get their attention and Sketchbook was aggro Kim Rae-bin secretly hid a walkie-talkie under the bean bag sofa.

-Raebin Kim tell me!

And when the members take turns pretending to go to the bathroom and contact Raebin Kim everything is connected.

-Finally help…

Kim Rae-bin who was suffering from a staycation alone had fun reciting the melody she had planned in her head alone for several hours and giving feedback to the members’ ideas.

And when the returning member inputs that melody…

-completion!

“…That’s how it happened.”

-… and.

The PD seemed at a loss for words for a moment.

‘yes.’

If you have this level of tenacity isn’t your execution ability at a level that honestly makes you worry about what you should do?

However as a PD who has experienced everything from counterfeiting carrot coins to prenatal care he soon came up with a solution.

-First of all that radio is confiscated!

We nodded obediently.

“OK.”

“Sure.”

…

-Everyone why are you so calm?

“well.”

Liu Chengwu smiled.

“I think it’s because we’ve already discussed with Ravin how to make the next song.”

“…!!”

I spent a good hour.

-now! that! You are prohibited from using the song you received after consulting with Mr. Ravin!

“yes!”

Sejin Lee grinned.

“Oh but you wouldn’t know even if we used it as is.”

-…

That’s right.

I haven’t even heard of it in advance so how can I tell that?

-If you look at the composition style…

“There is no evidence.”

-…

PD eventually pulled out his last card.

-At least you have to re-do what you submitted…

“uh? wait a minute.”

you are good

“I heard that once you submit it it will be sent to the advertiser right away. “I want to get feedback.”

-…!!

“Wouldn’t it be a bit… polite to replace something I’ve already sent with a completely different song?”

PD is silent.

“By any chance… you didn’t send it and then you gave us feedback arbitrarily.”

-…!!

That’s right.

-It can’t be.

“Is that so?”

-sure.

“also!”

“I believe it. PD!”

We know that no one trusts each other but we have a heartwarming conversation.

“Then since you already sent me this time are we going to keep going like this?”

-… That’s right!

The sound of the PD sinking was heard beyond.

“Yessss!”

After we hung up the phone we silently pumped our fists cheered and then gave a high five.

Won!

…But it seems that there were some people for whom this wasn’t enough.

That night.

“Actually our treatment has not improved. I don’t know how many hours Ahyeon will struggle with cooking again tomorrow. “Because our meal is on the line.”

“…”

“The same goes for producing feedback. “I don’t think giving strange feedback to a singer as a joke is something to laugh about.”

Before lying down to sleep Bae Se-jin turned off the microphone and gathered the members together to talk seriously.

“It may have made the program more interesting but… I don’t think that’s everything.”

The guy explained as if repeating himself.

And finally I came to this conclusion.

“I think… the current program seems needlessly sadistic.”

“…!”

“I want to meet in person and talk about it.”

A person with a straight face came out.
