---
title: "Chapter 587"
category: "book"
index: 586
section: "Chapter 587"
slug: "587"
---

# Chapter 587

Off the record.

It was clear what Bae Se-jin wanted to say after turning off the microphone while filming an entertainment show.

“What you’re saying is… the production crew is harassing the cast more than necessary.”

“okay.”

He spoke nervously but without hesitation as is typical for people who speak out about something they have thought about for a long time.

“…For example the last time I was shipwrecked on a deserted island entertainment show it was an accident. But this time it’s all intentional harassment.”

“…”

“It’s okay to show your struggles or mistakes. But deliberately pushing someone to do poorly and then laughing at them for not being able to do it… is something you shouldn’t do if it’s fun.”

Bae Se-jin tightly held the microphone that had been turned off.

“…That’s why I want to talk about this directly with the production team.”

There was a short silence.

‘hmm.’

I looked at the faces of each member who was shocked lost in thought or embarrassed.

I guess I’ll be the first to open my mouth.

“I know what you mean.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva. As if he knew someone else would refute it.

but.

“And I feel like it makes sense.”

“…! really?”

“yes.”

No why are you surprised because I agreed to it when you said it yourself?

‘Definitely… this filming was a bit excessive.’

I rubbed my chin.

Controversy over entertainment sadism.

This is also one of the controversial feelings with history and tradition.

Did you say that it is a comedy when viewed from a distance and a tragedy when viewed up close?

The unexpected hardships of the cast often turn into funny content through the magic of screen and editing.

Well even if you don’t have to go through that filter if it’s not serious the person who suffers it can experience it happily.

‘But controlling the water level is life.’

The moment this thing crosses the line it makes viewers uncomfortable by saying ‘No matter what this is a bit much.’

Of course what Bae Se-jin is saying now is not about commercial achievements. This guy is being evaluated from a moral and ethical perspective.

However even considering how the fandom would evaluate the program after it aired a similar conclusion was reached.

‘If the editing is just one inch wrong… ’

hmm.

-Why do you give feedback the way you want? It’s not funny at all to play around with other people’s passions and careers.

-ㅋㅋ You guys from the production team kept getting rejected for editing and stayed up all night fixing it but even if it’s like ‘It was all a joke~ I liked the first time haha’ break it up you bastards.

-Where did you learn to make people work and not be able to cook properly?

I nodded inwardly.

‘I think I’ve crossed a line a bit.’

Now the cast members are under constant pressure in terms of both work food clothing and shelter.

Moreover the pressure seemed unreasonable even from the outside.

Because Testa doesn’t seem to have brought anything on himself.

‘It is said that something funny can be extracted from the absurdity.’

It was a tightrope walk.

This time Testa somehow managed to maintain a balance by ending up with a refreshing blow to the production team.

You’ll have to watch it until the end to find out but surprisingly the combination of that entertainment PD corps and writer Ryu Seo-rin may have created synergy in a bad way.

‘It would be a good idea to check to see if this program is running properly and what the intention was for doing this.’

But still.

“But if we tell this directly to the production team won’t they be misunderstood?”

“…misunderstanding?”

“I want to make filming comfortable so why make it difficult for me?”

“…!”

That’s right.

first of all…

‘If this is brought up incorrectly the atmosphere will be X.’

The problem is the relationship with the production team.

There was half of the footage left to film.

However if the cast were to confront the production crew and argue with them there was a high possibility that future filming or editing would become rigid even if their opinions were agreed upon.

And in entertainment it really is a handshake.

What is the reason you took the time to come here in the first place? This is the creation of high-quality content.

However if the quality dropped it would be a real loss that would ruin all this hard work.

“Even though he didn’t mean to do that the production team might get emotional and ask why he made a bad person when they too worked hard.”

Human relationships were a blind spot in work everywhere.

“That… could be so.”

Bae Se-jin’s face darkened.

But this is where surprising support fire comes in.

“There’s no need for us to tell you right?”

Big Sejin opened his mouth. Bae Se-jin opened his mouth when he saw the guy.

“Huh?”

“It’s up to the company to say that not us.”

“…!”

“Hey I joined the company to take care of things like this. tuning!”

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders.

“Testa is currently on a concert tour and you also have a drama schedule right? But what do you do if you get hurt like this? Isn’t the same justification enough?”

“Well I guess I can do it well in terms of artist management.”

“Of course!”

Keun Se-jin nodded to Ryu Cheong-wu’s rebuttal.

-Let the company protest!

And Testa is in a slightly awkward position so all he has to do is maintain a close relationship with the production team without saying anything… This is what I mean.

“I’m a bit… hmmm can we go like this this time? There are a few things I want to do. “I thought it might be okay to give it a try.”

“Yeah… yeah.”

Bae Se-jin seemed a little moved as if he had expected opposition from Eun Se-jin.

‘I don’t think he noticed that Keun Se-jin’s purpose was completely different from his own… ’

Isn’t that a much better thing than arguing with each other about what makes sense in this situation?

But… I shook my head.

There’s something they’re forgetting.

“Don’t expect the company to do such a good job.”

“…oh.”

This is a disadvantage of indirect communication.

-Agents have limitations.

The company is not Testa and was unable to completely understand our position or represent our preferences.

No such sensitive details could have been distorted.

‘If we can’t protest at the appropriate level we want it’s worse than not protesting at all.’

What happens if you go in too hard?

From editing anything that has the slightest possibility of being uncomfortable is cut out.

Entertainment doesn’t have a fiery taste; it doesn’t taste like this or that.

Then another complaint arises.

Obviously the production crew of previous Testa entertainment shows was the same this time as well. No with two famous producers collaborating it had to be a refreshing hell.

However I can see the reactions of people who are shocked and wonder why it has become so mild and boring.

‘Everyone will assume that the company has issued guidelines.’

Then there will be as much criticism and condemnation as expected.

-I can’t do my job.

-That’s why it’s becoming obsolete with only boring entertainment that caters to kids. Ugh.

-Is it such a shame that an idol who earns billions of dollars a year has to suffer for a few days on entertainment shows? Get your company together

-The fans have noticed… So stop relying on idols to beat up the officials. You seem like a polarizing parent.

-Testa is the same but the company and fans are installed.

Well that’s bullshit.

A series of reactions and aggro are already playing out in my head.

“I don’t know if the company will be able to do it well.”

The atmosphere became solemn for a moment.

“Uhm…”

“Then what should we do?”

Several opinions came and went but none received a complete vote.

“Just buy the production crew a late-night snack now. And we act cute even though we are having a hard time. “That’s the answer.”

“I don’t have any money.”

“Oh…”

The reality is that Cha Yu-jin’s opinion is the most harsh.

‘Should I contact the company and get some money?’

It was a time when I was seriously considering it.

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth as if he had made up his mind.

“Hey… how about I speak alone?”

“…?!”

“Even if something goes wrong I can say that I did it on my own. Then the relationship between Testa and the production crew won’t become weird. As for the remaining filming… I just need to pay a little more attention.”

“brother…

“I know that the way Cha Yu-jin talked about is better than just smiling and moving on. But I don’t just want to change this situation right away…”

Bae Se-jin had a hard time choosing his words.

Then another unexpected person spoke.

“Am I like this…?”

“uh?”

It was Sun Ah-hyun.

“Actually it’s okay for me to have a little hard time… but I’m worried that the other members aren’t eating well because of me.”

The guy spoke softly.

“If we film like this we also do test runs on similar programs so you guys have to bear with this as well… That kind of thing might come out… I’m a little worried.”

“…!”

“that’s right. That’s it…! “I think it will remain as a wrong example!”

Bae Se-jin raised his face a little excited.

Then as if he suddenly came to his senses he added hastily.

“…But for the sake of the industry environment we are not going to say that we are taking up arms! “It’s not a criticism just… I’m just trying to explain as gently as possible!”

“is it so.”

“Sejin don’t worry.”

Big Sejin didn’t get angry either he just smiled bitterly.

He probably doesn’t want to use the method of sending Bae Se-jin away.

‘You might think Bae Se-jin is too excessive and inflexible.’

However there was still something different.

It seemed like he had confidence that Bae Se-jin would not do anything that would harm the team.

‘It’s a lot better.’

I nodded inwardly looking at the guys who seemed to have almost arrived at the correct answer.

“So Sejin wants to talk alone?”

“…okay. “If it’s okay with you I’d like to see you.”

Of course that doesn’t mean you can put the entire burden on one person.

I smiled and opened my mouth.

“Then your brother will go and I will go with you.”

“Huh?”

“I just followed along.”

Anyway doesn’t Bae Se-jin seem too dogmatic alone?

‘But if the leader or entertainment member Keun Se-jin gets involved it would be too much.’

That would be about right for me.

Well if something goes wrong I have the confidence to step in and clear things up.

“I’ll take a good position based on the atmosphere so don’t worry about me.”

“…okay. thank you.”

Bae Se-jin’s face brightened slightly.

“Then… I’ll contact you now!”

“OK!”

And after some time.

“Oh it’s cold. Come in here quickly. Testa people.”

Bae Se-jin and I leave the lodging and enter the nearby mountain cabin where the production crew was staying.

I was finally able to meet the production team in real life who had been disparaging the testers by only talking through video calls throughout the filming.

* * *

Bae Se-jin took a quick look inside the cabin.

It was an older place than where Testa stayed.

Moreover even though it was late at night no one was sleeping in the accommodation where the production crew was staying.

Occasionally there were people taking a nap but most of them seemed busy watching videos or preparing something.

And they seemed a little confused as to why they were here.

‘…Everyone works really hard.’

For a moment I was worried that what I was going to say would sound like a child’s whining.

Bae Se-jin was momentarily shaken but held firm.

Still it was the right thing to do.

Just do it well.

“So… um Mr. Sejin he has something else to say.”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin clenched his hands tightly. He could feel sweat seeping out from inside but he maintained a calm demeanor.

‘I said I would talk so I have to do it right.’

He calmly opened his mouth conscious of Park Mun-dae standing next to him.

“I thought about it slowly and there are some things that bother me a little.”

He calmly explained each step with examples.

Composition that is almost like a joke Feedback Problems with food clothing and shelter Guilt and fatigue. Concern about song quality.

“…so the member is having a hard time because of guilt but I think it would have been fun even if he didn’t have to do that.”

Bae Se-jin chose her words several times to be as inoffensive as possible.

“…It’s good to show people struggling or making mistakes. “I don’t think there is any need to treat other people’s hearts this harshly.”

“…”

There was a short silence.

‘I said everything I had to say.’

Bae Se-jin took a deep breath without exaggerating.

Then I suppressed the urge to close my eyes and steadily turned my gaze forward.

Then…

slap!

The sound of a crash began to be heard.

“…??”

The writers started hitting the PD on the back!

“Oh me! “I knew it would be like this!”

“PD what did I say!”

“ah! ah!”

“Ugh… really.”

In fact there was a mix of people from various fields not just writers but no one stopped them.

On the contrary Bae Se-jin looked around at the other person in confusion at the reaction that was closer to ‘something is coming’.

The PD said waving his arms while the people around him smiled wryly.

“No first of all… there is some misunderstanding about this.”

“yes?”

“Other roles than Mr. Ravine. “It’s a pure result of the game.”

“…!!”

“It really wasn’t a trick on our part. really!”

That’s right.

Aside from separating Kim Rae-bin all the suffering that went into food clothing and shelter… was really just a matter of luck!

‘Is this true?’

Park Moon-dae thought that he didn’t know whether to call it luck or bad luck.

Bae Se-jin also swallowed his saliva and asked.

“Then… what about Ravin?”

“Well… I thought that if Mr. Ravine was there the composition would be completed in an instant. Then the volume won’t come out.”

The PD said somewhat seriously.

“Furthermore Mr. Ravin is very comfortable relaxing alone so he is not a character that will be hated by viewers.”

“ah…”

“It’s just as important to be liked as it is to be funny. “It’s idol content.”

Bae Se-jin realized the production team’s value judgment method.

Even if the production team gets some criticism it’s better to take care of Testa’s image.

Even if Testa suffered a bit in the process.

“A program with a story like this needs a villain but we can’t give Testa one.”

Ryu Seo-rin who had her arms crossed threw it away.

“So the production team is in charge. “Because we need that kind of stimulation.”

“…!”

That’s… that’s not what I wanted to say.

The problem was not that Testa was difficult but the method and type of why it was difficult.

Bae Se-jin was about to refute but the PD came in before him.

“So Sejin what you’re saying is that we weren’t fun as villains but rather it was a bit unpleasant Seorin.”

“…Of course.”

Ryu Seo-rin sighed as if embarrassed.

“Seeing what I did with the PD earlier Testa was very good at improvising. So I tried to produce a more natural reaction… I think I went too far without prior discussion.”

“…!”

“that’s right. If you do this there are times when you become buried like this… I’m sorry and thank you for coming to tell me this. Mr. Sejin.”

The PD scratched his head.

“We had a lot of fun with Testa… but since he accepted us well and won we kept doing more. We shouldn’t leave too much to the cast like this. “I’m really sorry.”

“…no.”

So Bae Se-jin relaxed a little and slowly began to listen to the production crew’s explanation.

“How did this happen…”

His words were being taken seriously.
