---
title: "Chapter 588"
category: "book"
index: 587
section: "Chapter 588"
slug: "588"
---

# Chapter 588

Afterwards the production team diligently explained the current situation and future filming plans.

“The duties assigned to you will take turns. Starting tomorrow local specialties and food from local restaurants will also be airlifted…”

They didn’t come off as defensive and were sincere.

In addition the final blow came when the production team even released the first episode video that had been tentatively edited.

Bae Se-jin couldn’t help but focus on the words ‘I will show you in what context this extreme composition environment came about.’

The monitors of the editing equipment that had been transported to the mountains of Gangwon-do began to spit out videos with rough subtitles…

Something you couldn’t even imagine comes out.

[I asked Testa.]

[Great creations come from .]

“…??”

[Raebin Kim\: Yes! I think it’s &lt;inspiration&gt;!]

That was… a brief passing interview with people I contacted as part of the behind-the-scenes production team while leaving the awards ceremony a few weeks ago!

“Now wait a minute. Those people…”

“yes. In fact they were all members of our production team.”

“…”

Testa’s opinions on ‘creation’ came out quickly.

[Great creations come from &lt;numerous attempts&gt;.]

[Lee Se-jin\: Because being skilled in anything is important in the end~ That’s my opinion!]

Numerous attempts.

At the time I just passed this off without even thinking about it thinking it was very Lee Sejin-like but hearing it like this…

‘…no way?’

Bae Se-jin swallowed his saliva.

On the screen various opinions are expressed from his own answer ‘fierce concern’ to Sun Ah-hyun’s ‘time’.

last.

Cha Yu-jin filled in the phrase with a bright face.

[Great creations come from &lt;hard work&gt;.]

[Cha Yujin\: Is that me?]

He… mistook it for a Korean proverb!

And he leisurely followed his brothers and excitedly left the red carpet at the awards ceremony.

[Writer Lee\: Oh no.]

[Writer Park\: Ahhh Mr. Eugene!!]

[PD\: Haha]

[PD\: Hahahahahahahahaha]

And the huge movie subtitles that come to mind.

[Testa’s Fate]

[Testa decided!]

“…”

“…”

“Did it come from here?”

“yes.”

Bae Se-jin closed his eyes tightly!

“Based on this we created games and roles…”

Now this is… an environment created by matching the keywords suggested by Testa’s answer.

“Actually it wasn’t all bad but the environment was going to change quickly depending on the outcome of the game.”

“…”

“But then again my luck in the game turned out to be really bad… and the results were extreme.”

An extreme situation by chance? It can’t help but be funny.

In fact there were some differences of opinion among the production crew about the uneven supply of food but most of them thought it would be okay since it was only one day.

In many entertainment shows you play a game with a meal at stake and if you fail it is often not given at all.

Moreover Testa seemed to overcome it very cheerfully.

However it did not properly consider how anxious the cast would be by not telling them how long this situation would last.

“It’s hard to deliberately choose a picture like this but it came out naturally… I guess we were too greedy. I’m really sorry. under…”

“No… That’s right.”

In the end Bae Se-jin also nodded.

Since the production crew readily acknowledged their mistake it was difficult to say anything more.

In fact there were some answers that were inconsistent with the key blind spots he wanted to talk about…

‘I think it’ll be okay… at this level.’

After realizing that the other party also had various hardships and hardships Bae Se-jin also became hesitant to ask too much details about their principles of behavior.

If he had been alone he might have done it but he was currently filming team content.

‘…okay!’

I’ll end here and return to the members with the news that ‘the conversation ended well.’

That was when he decided to do so.

“hey.”

Someone suddenly raised their hand.

“I have a question.”

“…?”

It was Park Moon-dae who had been quietly standing behind him like a bodyguard without saying a word.

“What happened to the CM song we made?”

“yes?”

“Ravin didn’t participate.”

Are you just going to hit me like this?

Even Bae Se-jin who visited the production team like a bulldozer was a little embarrassed.

Park Moon-dae took a slight curve here.

“I was expecting Ravine to compose a song but I spent the night awake last night wondering what if advertisers sued me because he wasn’t on the list…”

“Sigh!”

He lowered his head slightly with an expressionless expression but somehow… he looked resigned and empty.

“We’re not being sued are we?”

“sure!”

‘It’s serious but… it’s not serious.’

The atmosphere did not become heavier but it was now impossible to proceed without the production team responding.

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth and began to watch Park Moon-dae dig up the production team.

* * *

So far I have been watching the production team diligently explain the situation to Bae Se-jin.

As time passed the atmosphere got better.

‘I knew it would be like this.’

Bae Se-jin’s fighting power dropped from the moment he sympathized with the other guy’s situation.

It seemed like the production crew had crossed a line a bit but since we responded so well and supported it they seemed to accept that they couldn’t stop and just stepped on the accelerator.

The cast members are having a harder time than expected. It seems like they’ve gotten over the unconscious thought ‘If we appear on a variety show wouldn’t that mean we’re going to have a hard time?’

‘I was excited.’

I understand how things are going.

However since the production team was so cooperative I also knew what their intention was in releasing a provisionally edited first episode.

I rubbed my chin inwardly.

‘This… they talked about it among themselves first.’

I wonder if we have gone too far.

Then when Bae Se-jin contacted me it was clear that I thought ‘Oh get hot!’ and prepared an expected answer.

Look at the slap on the PD’s back earlier.

‘They decided to sacrifice the PD as a sacrifice for atmosphere.’

Well the atmosphere was amicable and they received plenty of apologies… but they can only answer what they want to answer.

‘What about the CM song?’

Did you tell the advertiser that you played around with the feedback that this team made without the official producing members?

This was the most serious part of Bae Se-jin’s criticism as it was a team career issue but he just avoided answering this?

Of course neither PD nor Ryu Seo-rin are people who view capitalism as water. On the contrary he is the type that really enjoys the taste of capitalism.

There must have been good measures in place.

But this is something I don’t want to tell the cast just yet.

‘It’s like they let it resolve itself as filming progressed.’

That’s why I guess they avoided this topic as much as possible. I’m afraid that the picture taken may look unnatural.

But here ‘Oh that’s right. Let’s take this into account. The production team had a hard time.’ What happens if you look at it like this?

On the contrary it is not something we saw.

The production staff must have thought that they prepared well in advance and successfully and skillfully handled the cast member’s protest.

‘That won’t work.’

So I stabbed him openly.

“Ah… that.”

And in the end the truth revealed by the production team that could not be avoided was…

“Actually speaking of the CM song… the advertisers didn’t know that Testa composed it.”

“…”

“…”

“yes?”

“We originally intended to use it as BGM during the PPL in our program.”

So it was its own CM song that came in addition to the PPL… This is what I mean.

It is not the pinnacle of advertising and marketing where the fate of the company depends!

“Then what about the CM song auction?”

“In fact an auction was held based on the proportion of PPL. KPOP target idol testers are coming out. How much are you going to show your sincerity and sincerity?”

They didn’t know that advertisers would follow along with the CM song that Testa composed himself.

When I turn my head I see Bae Se-jin unable to keep his mouth shut.

‘Should I call these… scammers… ’

wait for a sec.

I raised my head with a sudden thought.

“So what about the songs we’ve made so far…?”

“You probably thought that our outsourcing staff made it right?”

then.

The crazy crazy feedback we received on the first song no way.

“yes. That’s really what the person in charge of the advertising company said…”

“…”

“You probably thought I was an outsourcing official who didn’t know who I was right?”

oh my god.

The feedback is full of bullshit… This is the reality of a new unknown composer.

‘Fuck… ’

There is no separate social accusation documentary.

I pressed both eyes roughly.

“…Wouldn’t the company that put in the PPL be criticized for damaging its image?”

However Ryu Seolin remained calm.

“Well… it’s not a criticism of a PPL product or a company but we can’t take responsibility for the public opinion that naturally arises because of the person in charge.”

“…Oh yes.”

It can be summarized as ‘So who would hire such a crappy person in charge?’

“Anyway that’s how it ended up like this.”

Liu Seolin hesitated a little and then added.

“Anyway since it was made in one day and in a poor environment I thought I would be freer from evaluating the result than if I made it in the best environment.”

“…”

“Even if you want to criticize the song and say it’s not good you can also rebut things like ‘Can you hear that sound even after looking at that environment?’”

If a song is good it’s because of the testers and if it’s not good it’s because of the production team.

‘I did my best to reduce the burden.’

“And if the reviews are good… ‘Wow people don’t know about Testa but the songs we made are getting rave reviews even without the main producing member!’ “You will feel proud of yourself.”

Then step by step the viewers become familiar with the composition process and then the potential is revealed with authentic composition content.

as soon as…

“&lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; OST.”

“…!”

That was actually the main advertiser and main content of this program.

Bae Se-jin’s pupils trembled.

“Ha but. Just before I joined the drama production company said ‘It looks interesting’ and decided on a PPL on the spot…”

“I was acting to catch Sejin.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin slumped down in a chair.

It seemed like he no longer felt betrayed.

‘…It must have been funny.’

I briefly acknowledged the moment when all these twists were revealed.

* * *

“You will be able to compose the main content in a truly proper environment!”

“that’s right! “Don’t worry.”

“…yep.”

So the interview with the production crew ended well and we were able to leave the production crew’s residence and return to the mountain cabin.

‘It was okay.’

I clearly knew these people’s intentions and I definitely received an apology.

The PD even confessed this somewhat openly as he was sending off saying “I was just going out to smoke.”

“Since the Testa people were so successful… we thought there was no need to worry about us. “I thought ‘If I really don’t like it or am in trouble I’ll talk about it.’”

“…”

This means that he created a formula for Testa in his brain by selecting the characteristics of a skilled entertainer and a first-tier idol according to his taste.

I’m glad you reflected.

I looked at the PD blankly.

“Do you think it was a bad decision?”

“…right?”

“Then I can cook from tomorrow onwards.”

“…But you still have to play the game.”

I looked at the PD again without saying anything and soon he complained.

“Oh I’ll keep trying again until you pick someone in charge of the kitchen!”

“You are an excellent choice.”

Clap clap clap.

That’s how the conversation ended.

Although the PD behaved a bit poorly until the end.

“…I was planning to reveal all the secrets of the CM song after the Love Viewer online listening session… but just in case keep it a secret from the other members until then.”

“I can’t.”

“…”

“I am a very honest person with my members.”

“I know very well…”

There is no way.

“Don’t worry I’ll pretend to be surprised even if I find out.”

“…!”

I smiled faintly and looked back at the production crew.

“Please trust Testa.”

“…sure. “The entire production team has a lot of faith in our entertainment genius Testa!”

Keep your mouth alive.

Anyway the production crew who secretly opened the door and watched laughed a little and we also smiled and walked over to greet the PD.

“Please come in safely!”

The aftertaste wasn’t bad.

However there was a commotion at Testa’s accommodation upon arrival.

“Oh guys. “Did the story go well?”

“You… don’t be surprised when you hear this.”

“…??”

The members shudder as they hear the twist after twist and Kim Rae-bin strengthens his resolve by saying that he will escape from hotel hell tomorrow.

By the time I went to bed after the mess it was already dawn.

“…”

And Bae Se-jin lay still and after confirming that I was not sleeping she quietly opened her mouth.

“Park Mun-dae.”

“yes.”

“You… were amazing.”

hmm?

“So get the answers you want to hear but don’t ruin the mood of the conversation.”

did something

“It’s all just talent right?”

Babies who talk like this usually have a tiring personality. They all have pros and cons.

Besides that.

“This wouldn’t have happened if my brother hadn’t decided to tell me in the first place. What are you talking about?”

“…!”

If this guy hadn’t said anything most of the members of this team would have just endured it and finished filming successfully.

‘But I’m getting a bit fed up with it.’

So what happened?

If I kept going like that… I might actually end up at odds with this production team next time.

In that sense this guy’s inflexible ethical temperament contributed in a unique way to the team.

enough.

“I was fortunate that my brother calmly said what he wanted to say.”

“…thank you.”

Bae Se-jin was silent for a moment.

And he added in a slightly brighter voice.

“I think it was a good idea to talk about it today.”

“I think so too.”

“Me too.”

“…”

“…Cha Yujin why aren’t you sleeping?”

“This is a room for three people. “It’s my heart.”

“haha!”

It is said that Bae Se-jin slept very sweetly and comfortably that day even though it was only three or four hours.

* * *

And after some time.

As Testa’s story about being confined in a mountain cabin spreads they finally begin to compose in earnest.

&lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; Season 2 OST.

An imaginary world covered in snow.

Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song.
