---
title: "Chapter 589"
category: "book"
index: 588
section: "Chapter 589"
slug: "589"
---

# Chapter 589

“I think there is a clear difference between whether a song exists as a complete work in itself or as part of a larger narrative or comprehensive content. And the OST is the latter.”

Nod.

“So last night I rewatched all of Season 1 of ‘The Doll Hunter’ in the ‘Room of Dreams and Hopes’ and prepared to produce the OST! “I want to tell you that I never wasted my time off!”

While others were pouring down a bowl of rice with pork belly kimchi stew and egg rolls I stared at the guy who had barely taken a bite as he said that.

“Ravin.”

“yes?”

“I’m happy now.”

“yes!”

That’s it then.

Released from prison!

Kim Rae-bin who won the game last night and dramatically escaped the hotel hell room became the embodiment of passion and workaholicism.

It seems that my body and head have been recharged by being isolated from composing and forced to rest but it seems to be overcharged as if I was doped.

Look at those eyes flashing.

“What I can say without hesitation is that I am fully prepared to engage in work right now…”

“You know. But I eat.”

“yes!”

okay. What remains is what you eat.

Also how is this rice that has been torn apart?

-again.

-Ahh Park Moon-dae’s eleventh challenge!

-Ohhhhh!!! Brother you win!

As soon as I opened my eyes this morning I was assigned to cook duty which I won by drawing lots five times even doing things like memorizing nursery rhymes and dancing to the rhythm.

Then I have to get my money’s worth.

“The person who feeds is the guardian. “My brother deserves my filial piety.”

“Are you coming?”

After the night two days ago when Bae Se-jin and I pursued a radical meeting.

Fortunately the production team didn’t say anything. This means that they started improving the Testa environment immediately from the next day.

It was quite interesting to see that Testa was treated well naturally without any awkwardness in terms of composition.

I was planning to set up a next meeting to tell you to behave well if you got noticed.

‘I guess I don’t have to schedule a second interview.’

If I had gone that far it would have been a loss.

Anyway Raebin Kim who was excited to help with the dishes took out his beloved laptop stamped his feet and sat down in the work room.

“So… shall we begin?”

“okay.”

The last task given to us in this eventful entertainment show.

And it is the main task.

-This is the OST composition for Season 2 of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;!

After naturally reacting like ‘I couldn’t guess in the world’ and ‘a tester who was shocked once again by the twist in this entertainment show’ we finally sat down as a whole including Kim Rae-bin and started discussing the song.

‘Here we’re finally showing in a systematic way how we compose music thereby appealing to our professionalism and unique fun.’

Well to put it in writing the steps are simple.

-Step 1. Data research.

“First shall we look at the BGM and OSTs used in last season?”

“yes!”

The track list for Season 1 of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; is revealed.

There was a lot of BGM that had strong and heavy beats or that created tension.

Even in emotionally charged scenes the solemn or plaintive melody fell into a monotonous tone.

‘I’m going to hit you hard no matter what.’

“I see. “I think there is a lot of BGM for impact rather than creating a calm atmosphere.”

“Hmm~ &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; originally focused on keywords like disaster survival… So it was fun!”

okay. You can tell that they put everything into making viewers go crazy and click the next episode.

And the drama producers’ OST requests were also consistent.

“You’re crazy it’s Jeong Yi-sol!! “It would be nice if it felt like that.”

“oh.”

In a word it can be summarized as ‘I ask that the teachers have a similar feeling to what they already had.’

It means not being picky.

‘I don’t have high expectations.’

Rather than saying ‘Please create an immortal masterpiece that will be the last piece of the puzzle of our work’ it seems like they want to do some marketing using Testa’s entertainment.

And they must have believed in Kim Rae-bin’s popular composing skills.

“Then… can we go in the direction of enhancing the impact of the character Jeong Yi-sol…?”

“Oh that’s exactly it!”

This happened to be the next step in composing.

-Step 2. Identify your needs.

By combining the researched data well I figure out the direction of what kind of song I want to make.

And it just so happens that we have a professional reader who can determine this.

The person who played Jeong Yi-sol!

The person who knows Jeong Yi-sol’s activities best!

“We have Sejin.”

“Ugh…! Hey bro. In season 2… may I ask how you first appear…?”

In the eyes full of anticipation…

Bae Se-jin avoided gaze.

“asleep.”

“…”

“Oh right.”

I was mistaken because it appeared in the snowy mountains.

When Bae Se-jin was rehearsing the script the guys who snooped around and played the role of his counterpart nodded solemnly.

This season Jeong Yi-sol…? Ah that was a delusion in the protagonist’s brain.

“He’s a dead person… hmm.”

“Then shall we make it a little scary? “To begin with the character of Jeong Yi-sol itself is a bit violent.”

“yes. “I think it would be good to sample the BGM melody that Jeong Yi-sol used when she betrayed herself in Season 1.”

“This is truly an excellent idea!”

And here an interesting composition arises.

‘I’m not being pushed back.’

The attitudes of the Testa members have changed a bit perhaps because they have gotten into the habit of composing CM songs for several days without Kim Rae-bin.

I was a little more cautious before.

Since Kim Rae-bin is so good it seems that she tends to refine and choose her words out of fear that she might have a negative impact.

It’s like putting a filter on the words that come to mind.

‘The more experience I gained the more solidified that became.’

However over the past few days I have been racking my brain and aggressively accepting feedback to try to compose a song in one day without Kim Rae-bin and it seems like this has become a habit.

“This is good! “What song is this here?”

“Oooh!”

“I found it. “Let’s put it in!”

What’s funny is that Kim Rae-bin also seems to take it more excitedly.

‘That’s fun.’

Opinions were exchanged non-stop and revisions and revisions continued and the song took shape.

-Step 3. Create a demo.

Do you know how long it took to come up with a one-minute demo like that?

It’s only three hours.

“Wooow.”

“Wow… the speed is different because there’s a real Ravin!”

“thank you!”

Drinks and public affairs were exchanged with the files in front of us.

Feeling the joy of a workaholic Raebin Kim moved the mouse again with the skill of a teaching assistant.

“Then let’s play it!”

“Ugh!”

Sweet.

The button is pressed.

and.

-… ♪♬♬♬♬-♪-♪♬

The string instruments tremble.

“…!”

-♪♪♪♩-

Slice the thick base cold.

The main melody which chose a heavy presence instead of harmony is unstoppable.

A sharp and smooth cello melody that surges like a thrill in an empty snowy mountain with nothing in it.

Season 1. It was the classic melody that Jeong Yi-sol wrote when she killed her colleague.

That brings out the connection between the characters and maximizes their presence.

“…”

It’s not even a real cello performance it’s just a note taken with a program.

An incredible composition that makes you feel as if you can see the performer’s hands racing through his mind.

Resolution.

“…”

It was an OST that reorganized a classic into powerful modern pop.

The moment the 1 minute and 12 second playback ended everyone fell silent.

“How are you?!”

“It’s so… cool.”

That is the correct answer.

‘This… is just a taste of everything the production company wanted.’

Isn’t there something so full of MSG that it makes people’s mouths water?

If you add meaningful lyrics in a foreign language on top of this it feels like the essence of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; that the client wanted.

‘I was selected in one shot.’

The drama production company’s bet was successful.

‘You know what? One of our OSTs is a song written by Testa so I think it could be used well for marketing purposes.

“Wow… I love it so much? Based on this I think we can increase the volume a bit. What do you think?”

“approval!”

It was a time when everyone was excited to watch the music program again.

“excuse me.”

“yes?”

Bae Se-jin raised his hand.

Then he looked around and opened his mouth as if he had made up his mind.

“It’s cool but… Yes Liu Chengwu. What scene do you think this song will be used for?”

“…?”

“Hmm… how about the scene where Jeong Yi-sol dies at the beginning?”

Bae Se-jin shook his head.

“It’s going to be intentionally nihilistic. “It can’t go well with such an intense song.”

“hmm…”

“And I thought about it”

Bae Se-jin took a deep breath.

“Among the scenarios I acted out this season… there isn’t a scene that really suits this song.”

“…!”

The atmosphere became quiet as if it had been hit with cold water.

‘I see.’

Bae Se-jin knows all the scenes in which Jeong Yi-sol appears.

However in his eyes there is no place where this song can fit… Even if you search through all the scenes there is no place.

No matter how great the song is.

“Don’t misunderstand! Because the song is really good. Still… I think it would be better to talk about it.”

Bae Se-jin explained his demonstration’s death sentence more firmly.

“Kim Rae-bin said earlier that the OST is part of comprehensive content. So… I considered this song once more as a component of the drama.”

“…”

“So no matter where I put it it was a bit awkward.”

Raebin Kim opened his mouth.

“okay. “I believe it even more because my brother who played the character himself said so!”

The guy nodded seriously and deleted the melody of the music file without hesitation…

“Ugh!”

“Don’t erase it! “It’s a waste!”

“yes? Oh it’s not completely erased! “I backed it up separately.”

“phew.”

Each and every member pretended to wipe away their cold sweat. It was worth it.

‘The song itself is good.’

I was sure.

If you just submit it like this the drama production company will take it in stride.

First of all the song is good and it goes well with the character. Marketing through Testa entertainment will also be given a passing grade.

I guess I’ll somehow rack my brain and find a scene from Jeong Yi-sol this season that suits me even a little bit.

But that would really be a ‘just matching the assortment’ method.

“…I thought about it while composing a CM song a few days ago but I probably won’t be able to contribute to composing it like Kim Rae-bin right now.”

Bae Se-jin spoke firmly.

“but! It’s a drama OST. This is a field I know well. So I hope you trust me and try to edit the song.”

“…!”

It was my first time.

That’s why Bae Se-jin says with such confidence ‘I will take responsibility.’

And I understand why.

‘I realized that I could take responsibility.’

This is an experience where I protested resolutely without being rude to the production crew and got good results.

That must have been a new challenge for that guy.

And since the courageous attempt comes back with positive results the action is strengthened.

Like this.

“what do you think about it?”

I looked around and saw Bae Se-jin who had a confident expression on his face.

It seems like we all have similar thoughts.

of course…

“I agree.”

“…!”

“that’s right. “We’re not a group that goes half-heartedly and says ‘This is enough.’ Right?”

“uh.”

That’s right.

If there is a compromise here Testa will take charge of this OST and only the drama production company will receive greater profits.

‘Let’s get a taste of marketing with you too.’

Even people who watched the drama without knowing anything are made to look up the song the moment this OST comes out and say ‘Wow what the fuck is this?’

That’s why we call it the flagship based on Testa’s name.

That is the greatest benefit Testa can extract from this deal.

“We need to pick something that will give people goosebumps and shock them the moment the OST plays in a drama.”

“…! good.”

Good answer.

I laughed inwardly.

“Then is there an ‘Impressive scene from Jeong Yi-sol’ that you recommend as a reference for revising the OST?”

In the past Bae Se-jin’s face would have turned pale and after hesitating for a while he would have said ‘It’s just my opinion.’

however.

“I have one scene in mind.”

Now Bae Se-jin immediately opened his mouth.

“Which one is it?”

And he gave a confident answer.

“Jung Yi-sol’s real climax this season.”

* * *

A few days later.

“The OST has arrived.”

“Oh okay.”

The director of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; received a sound source from the staff.

‘You’re here.’

Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song.

Originally it was an OST that required complex feedback to be exchanged with people in charge taking charge of everything from the demo.

However this has become a kind of marketing method and ‘Let Testa take care of it.’

This is because high-ranking people predicted that that side would receive more attention.

“hmm.”

The director had a bitter taste.

Bae Se-jin is a great actor.

However as far as the activities of the group he belongs to… are KPOP idols.

KPOP idol.

It was the essence of the modern broadcasting entertainment industry which risks its life for commerciality and business viability.

Naturally the OST would have been created following corporate logic rather than art.

Of course the song will be good.

But I guess it was a good choice.

They would have chosen popular songs rather than so-called movie music that fit the story scenes.

That was painful.

‘What an important role Jeong Yi-sol plays.’

Of course at a time when more investment capital has come from the value of the platform name than the value of one’s own name there is nothing that can be made ‘as the director wants’ or ‘as the writer wants’.

They say it’s all a series of compromises but the director still has his mouth shut.

‘I have to figure it out somehow.’

He made a decision in resignation and pressed the play button.

Sweet.

And… the sound of a thin string instrument begins to sound.

“…?”

What is this?

A strange dissonance as if it was trying to be strong but then suddenly failed.

It creaks as it tries to go up and then crashes down.

And silence.

“…”

Is this Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song?

The moment when the director was beyond embarrassed and was starting to feel a little envious.

♪♬♩-♪-♪♬…

String instruments play again.

But this time it is the harmonious and stable sound of a soft orchestra.

And the melody that flows gracefully over it is…

-Um Ummum um…

It was a human voice.

The classical melody used in Jeong Yi-sol’s murder sequence in Season 1 is composed of a cappella voice and jumps over string instruments.

It’s mysterious how the slightly eerie dripping minor key mixes with the soft string instruments.

‘hmm?’

And in between you can hear the noise of wind instruments like the sound of wind and the sound of percussion instruments like the sound of pens hitting each other.

‘aha.’

The director nodded.

Apparently the image of the fictional Jeong Yi-sol imagined by the main character in the snowy mountain was embodied in the OST.

‘It’s not bad… um it’s okay.’

Isn’t it like Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song?

He listened with slight satisfaction.

Then suddenly I had a question.

‘for a moment.’

If it was a representation of Jeong I-sol in the snowy mountains what was that strange dissonance at the front?

‘I think there’s an intention… ’

And he makes a pretty convincing guess.

‘Oh.’

Couldn’t that be a depiction of the scene where the main character murders Jeong Yi-sol?

This is the image of Jeong Yi-sol dying in vain.

He nodded and focused on his ears again.

His interest was reviving as he wondered when the song would start but at the same time he still felt a sense of annoyance.

But that annoyance soon breaks.

“…!”

No matter how long I waited the lyrics didn’t come in.

But instead a cappella humming came in with a new melody along with brass instruments.

Aaaaaa—! Hummmmm-

But… that melody was very familiar.

It is the main character’s theme song.

A famous classical march.

“…!!”

Why on earth is the main character’s theme song included in Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song?

‘Did you misunderstand the request for composition?’

Embarrassment.

However as he listened to the OST which was complexly mixed and rushed to its climax with the sharp sound of string instruments breaking he realized.

That devastating sound.

‘ah.’

This… wasn’t just a song listing Jeong Yi-sol’s appearances in chronological order!

It was expressing one scene.

This is Jeong Yi-sol’s highlight scene.

“…”

But that’s not where Jeong Yi-sol really appears.

hero.

In the final episode of Season 2 he is chased by people who were his colleagues in his past life due to the butterfly effect caused by his selfish choice in the moment.

So he hurriedly goes back down the street and eventually runs away to the convenience store on the floor where his house was originally located…

I saw it there.

The body of Jeong Yi-sol whom he killed.

And Jeong Yi-sol in his delusion sitting next to the corpse.

-…

-What are your impressions?

A flashback sequence that the protagonist remembers while looking at Jeong Yi-sol’s corpse under extreme stress.

Those short intense cuts.

From murder to confrontation in the snowy mountains conversation confusion hatred…

Everything pours out quickly.

Like a lantern.

‘oh my god.’

That was this song!

Meanwhile the song drives deeper.

A cappella sputters out and a modern edgy sound flashes like electricity around the strings.

The main character’s guilt collapsing mental and physical fatigue anger and feelings of identification are overwhelming…

Run.

-Ahh!

Until the protagonist runs out of the convenience store and voluntarily jumps into the attack of his former colleagues who are targeting him.

Until Jeong Yi-sol disappears in the snowy mountains.

♩! ♩! ♪♬!

“…”

Strong high notes and the end of tearing cello drums.

The flashback is over.

Gooooo…

Only white noise remained flowing slowly.

“…”

The director raised his head.

And the moment he checked the length of the song he was thrilled.

8 minutes 14 seconds.

Without any lyrics.

‘therefore… ’

He organized.

Testa boldly abandoned the vocal track.

Instead they released Original Score a truly traditional OST song without lyrics.

By boldly excluding the lyric writing part and focusing only on the auditory elements of the drama!

To enhance the impact of the scene.

“this…”

I can’t believe I took on such a dangerous challenge!

But I know.

There are no lyrics but there is a development and story made up of melody. Very smooth and intense.

So if you break it down into parts you can even substitute it for all Jeong Yi-sol scenes from this season.

‘That doesn’t make sense.’

Popularity? I don’t know.

But what is certain is that this song will have a tremendous impact when it meets Jeong Yi-sol played by Bae Se-jin.

Isn’t that the popularity of OSTs?

“oh my god.”

When this OST was released there was no way to know what kind of reaction there would be but the director was sure of one thing.

At least that’s not the kind of reaction the drama marketing team expected.

‘Really… it’s beyond my imagination.’

He seemed to have a way of thinking that went beyond expectations when he surpassed a certain level in any field.

Even if it is an idol who is the king of industry.

“That’s amazing.”

After listening to the sound from the beginning again the director was convinced.

Testa is definitely waiting for the reaction with great determination and tension!

* * *

But at the same time.

Testa who was finally leaving the mountain cabin finally got to see the reactions to episodes 1 and 2 of this entertainment show which were released before the OST…

“Tongue brother! Something big has happened!”

“why.”

“There is a lot of abusive language on the Internet slandering the entertainment production staff and the person in charge of the CM song that commissioned us…”

“oh.”

“…?”

“Oh it’s okay.”

“…??”

“Just leave it alone.”

Park Moon-dae was enjoying the true taste of justice without backlash!
