---
title: "Chapter 590"
category: "book"
index: 589
section: "Chapter 590"
slug: "590"
---

# Chapter 590

The day Testa’s entertainment training camp ends.

We delivered the Doll Hunter OST as quickly as possible on time and burned it down as entertainment on the last day.

“And ‘if the current Testa wins filming will end immediately’…Waaagh! If we win I can get off work right away!”

“Oooooh!”

I left work on time and spent my time playing various games.

It’s ‘Beat Testa!’

If we surpassed the highest score in the game we played on entertainment shows in the past we were off work.

We also played PPL games for food clothing and shelter in between games but these also turned into healthy joint games such as jumping into a hot spring and finding balls with food ingredients written on them.

Well… it’s less wholesome in a way.

“This… the fans will like it.”

“huh.”

Well there will be demand in a different way.

‘Anyway the overall composition is good.’

In the first half it shows the suffering Testa lowering the hurdle with popularity through traditional variety entertainment and in the second half it starts to compose seriously and appeals by showing professionalism.

And in the end it ended so that you could watch it with a smile without thinking again.

“It was fun!”

“I had no regrets~”

Testa’s initial haggardness of ‘I won’t leave the production crew alone’ disappeared and he happily made it home from work before the sun set.

-no!

The feeling of leaving work with the producer screaming that it ended too early was great.

It ended refreshingly.

‘The level of completion must be fine.’

I drew a picture in my head and estimated the profit I would make from this entertainment show that is currently being aired to rave reviews.

But after returning home.

Kim Rae-bin who accessed the Internet saying ‘I want to look for reviews on the existing OSTs of Doll Hunter’ came across the reaction to this entertainment show by chance.

Popular articles about the Testa variety show are coming up one after another.

However the guy who clicked on those posts said he was shocked.

“…!!”

I can’t believe our entertainment staff is being criticized after all the praise!

“…So I think the production crew and the person in charge of the CM song will be in trouble.”

“That’s right!”

Raebin Kim nodded vigorously.

I also nodded.

“okay.”

“…”

I knew it.

“Ah… aren’t you surprised?”

“Amazing.”

It’s a lie.

‘Why would you be surprised by something so obvious?’

In the first place writer Ryu Seo-rin’s specialty was creating people who would curse and making viewers overly immersed in them.

They probably structured it in a very subtle way and tried to get some criticism and make it all topical.

This means that it was something that was intentionally brought upon oneself.

“You could completely remove it from editing but if you look at the fact that you didn’t do it it must have been thought of.”

“but…”

Still Kim Rae-bin’s expression did not brighten much. I guess it bothers me.

If that’s the case.

“Let me check it out.”

“…! yes!”

I took his smartphone.

Still if you pretend to check this guy will be at ease too.

‘While watching I also checked the topicality of this entertainment show.’

I leisurely rolled the screen.

In any case public opinion will be resolved as the entertainment program continues to air. The production team must follow the line and do it in moderation since they are being criticized…

-capital punishment

-The production staff’s salary is also paid through the game. If you don’t win it’s your fault so you can work for free.

-Since when was it a form of entertainment to torture cast members?

-I broke my smartphone while watching. It was a disaster while watching so the production crew who made me angry should compensate me 10 million won. Anyway I will do it anyway.

“…”

for a moment.

‘What is this?’

It’s all messed up.

It was only then that I realized that Kim Rae-bin was not soft-hearted and surprised to see people she knew being criticized unexpectedly.

It was just… hell.

-Wow but you’re even blaming Testa? Haha. So when Yujin said that creativity comes from hard work does that mean she wants to suffer the threat of imprisonment while filming a variety show… I guess that’s it?!

-I think entertainment comes from the hard work of the production team so please edit while eating only raw sweet potatoes.

“…”

It’s cold!

The production crew and PPL staff were almost burned alive and were being harassed by the fandom.

‘To this extent?’

I was a little embarrassed and watched episodes 1 and 2 of the currently airing variety show.

however…

‘The water level control is okay.’

Since ancient times entertainment has been guilty of being boring.

It’s not fun and it’s painful to watch if the cast is suffering but it’s fun but if the cast is suffering wouldn’t it just be boring content?

The parts that might raise eyebrows such as Testa not eating well were cut out and matched with Testa’s interview and a country dog so it just looked funny and pitiful.

‘We were the parties involved and we were upset because we couldn’t come to an agreement… ’

Honestly it was fun to watch. I think this is enough to get a shield from the viewer base.

The production team must have thought about that when making it.

‘What is it?’

I returned to viewer reactions and looked at related articles more broadly.

And I finally found out why.

[Idol composed while receiving strange feedback until 3 a.m.]

This cut is just the feedback part of Testa’s first CM song.

Beyond community captures this is edited into a short video and spread widely by all kinds of businesses including WeTube InHeart.

The response was very… good.

-It’s the same as the one I gave you the first time so why did I give it to you like this a long time ago? Hahaha you’re just saying it’s an open mouth haha.

-Wow I can’t breathe.

-What program is this? Is it recent? Didn’t it win the Testa grand prize last year and take first place in the music industry? His form has been crazy recently. How can he do that?ㄷㄷㄷ

└I didn’t know that composing a song was a test haha.

└Wow… I hate it even more

“…”

That’s right.

Netizens are excitedly responding to fans’ anger.

There was no reaction from the general public like ‘Ah idol fans are leaving haha’ which is common.

Usually ‘Are you uncomfortable? They took the opposite angle saying ‘It’s because of you that entertainment becomes boring.’

The reason is…

-Why does an idol show show me when I’m working…

-Oh fuck they say this and that but the original was better. All those bastards who change their words should cut off their hands with a sharp knife.

-You didn’t know until the end that it was a test? If I didn’t know I would have kept giving feedback like that haha I bet.

└Experienced homeroom teacher?

└Yes…

└Me too

└Please give each other a pat.

“…”

‘This is something we’ve all experienced… ’

It was office worker PTSD.

Suddenly anger-inducing content that everyone who has lived a social life can sympathize with has emerged.

These people were even more immersed in the testers’ position than the fans and were even crazily criticizing the culture of the company that produced the product for the CM song.

-There was a saying on the office worker app that you had to be good at politics rather than performance to get promoted but those guys weren’t paranoid.

-Ah haha if you want my money you have to accept my stress haha.

└Actually it’s not my money it’s the company’s money but anyways.

-A person like that is in charge so they did the Orensoda In Heart Viral so thoughtlessly? LOL Now I understand.

-If they put PPL in entertainment and that shit is so bad anyone who works under that person would want to die.

This means there is no need for fans to restrain themselves.

Everyone who heard the news was furious as if they were going to throw the PPL person in charge as a living sacrifice in the middle of the campfire at any moment.

There was even no fear of backlash such as ‘Isn’t Testa at fault?’

This is because the person in charge of the CM song is not being criticized because of Testa but just because he did something stupid…

‘In the first place that person didn’t even know that what he composed was a test.’

It’s just… He must be deeply reflecting on his life up until now.

In addition other groups that entered PPL were actually benefiting from this aggro as the program viewership and attention increased.

Thanks to this there were no problems with the PPL contract…

“Mundaemundae can we just stay still?”

“huh.”

We decided to eat popcorn.

Where will this plate go?

And the next week.

Surprisingly a trick appears.

‘oh.’

After much deliberation the production team made their choice.

I decided to toss all the aggro to the person in charge of the Orensoda CM song who was already controversial about what happened like this.

Of course I didn’t explicitly say things like ‘This bastard is the one who did the most wrong so please curse this bastard.’ Anyway aren’t they related to the advertiser?

So what did you do?

-Wow this song is really good! There is nothing I would like to request to be modified but I would appreciate it if you could mainly use the chorus when broadcasting. Thank you for your hard work until late at night. (Gifticon attached)

That’s right… it showed personalized feedback from another CM song manager.

‘oh.’

It was thrown for comparison.

In addition this person had the fun of revealing the famous identity of the anonymous composer who created the CM song and getting his reaction.

-You know what? Actually… the people who composed the song are Testa.

-… yes?

-Idol test.

-…?! Mom oh my god ([email protected]#%!)

Isn’t it heartwarming and fun?

This was once again reminded that this was possible because the person in charge gave common sense and personal feedback.

-This picture is normal…

-Wow it’s so heartwarming and I’m proud of myself haha.

– I really need to learn from the person in charge who gave that strange feedback.

Through the contrast effect all the aggro was focused on the person in charge of the Orensoda CM song and the production team seemed to have barely escaped the clutches of the angry office workers.

In addition an episode of Testa giving a blow to the production crew via walkie-talkie was also aired to balance the show.

-This is it.

-Ha… I was going to tell the human cider tester to advertise carbonated water but Orensoda is carbonated water.

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Just looking at it it dragged out all the content that should have been passed on to the next episode and presented a cool ending.

In addition a trailer was also inserted to reassure fans.

Testa was included to show as accurately as possible what it means to work with proper equipment in a comfortable environment.

-It’s all a coincidence that happened because of the game! ㅜㅜ There was a good environment too!

As if shouting like that.

And fortunately for the production team all these careful attempts worked.

-Watch Mundaengdaeng’s baby tiger stretching and flashing movements. Your 60 seconds will disappear (video)

-Guys Liu Chengwu is good at choosing chickens… What can this man not do?

After the episode was aired fans began to enjoy entertainment again with the attitude of ‘we’ll wait and see.’

He barely succeeded in changing the mood.

And in fact the production team seems to have thought deeply about how this was possible.

“Park Moon-dae. “Hey… I got a text message.”

“yes?”

A few days later Bae Se-jin showed the PD a text message.

-I’m sending you this text message because I wanted to say thank you one more time.

The long text that followed was a thank you to Testa for taking entertainment seriously and not taking it too seriously.

Instead of the sly attempt to avoid the situation seen in the previous interview it was immediately apparent that he was trying to speak somewhat honestly as the representative of the production team.

So Bae Se-jin seems even more embarrassed.

“…I don’t know why you sent this to me. “What do you… think?”

What do you think?

I shrugged and handed the smartphone back.

“He realized that thanks to his brother’s interview he now had an opportunity to settle public opinion.”

“…!”

Without that opportunity the production team would not have cared so much about Testa’s environment and tried to improve it.

‘I think it’s just a matter of getting a little better while paying attention.’

This would have been revealed in the video and of course it would have been more difficult to control public opinion saying ‘The real treatment was not good but they were criticized so they resorted to editing.’

So now I have realized it with my own skin.

That interview was not simply a request for the cast to improve their environment but rather an opinion expressed from a more macroscopic perspective.

“Now it seems like the production team is admitting that they really got help from their older brother.”

“…okay.”

Bae Se-jin nodded and accepted the smartphone.

What flashed in his eyes was clearly pride.

The guy didn’t delete the text and seemed to respond well in his own way later.

‘Then it’s okay.’

Because the purpose of entertainment was well achieved.

The friendliness of ‘they suffer like that too’ and the professional charm of ‘but they are really good at producing’.

Everything was saved.

I returned to my room stretched and lay down on the bed.

‘What remains depends on how well Season 2 of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; is selected… ’

That was something that would only be known when it aired.

To coincide with the broadcast the composition of the OST for our entertainment show was postponed to Part 2 so we still have to wait a few more weeks to find out.

“I acted without regrets.”

“Oh… then that’s enough.”

Now Testa just has to focus on the tour and wait for the later episodes of our entertainment show and Season 2 of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

Just like that winter ended and early spring came.

And there is something we heard before these two news…

It’s surprising but it’s vacation news.

“Since we didn’t get a single day off during the holidays they said we should get some rest now.”

“Oooh.”

It was Testa’s belated Lunar New Year vacation.
