---
title: "Chapter 591"
category: "book"
index: 590
section: "Chapter 591"
slug: "591"
---

# Chapter 591

Golden return.

It is an idiom meaning to return to one’s hometown after achieving success. In modern Korea it is mainly used when people succeed in entrance exams or get a job and celebrate holidays.

And in the case of idols you can experience it every time you return home. Because I live in a dormitory and away from home.

Of course there are conditions.

‘I need to get good grades.’

Awareness.

You’ve probably done activities that elicited reactions like ‘Wow that song?’ or ‘I think I’ve heard it before!’

If you do this you will get a taste of Geumui Hwanhyang every time you go home.

And Testa has never disappointed his family in that regard.

As proof we do this every holiday season.

“Everyone let’s do well together at this annual event~”

“Yes yes.”

Steadily.

The album is passed from hand to hand thanks to the skill of a skilled demonstration assistant.

The autograph factory rotates with the latest albums and MDs. This is the amount requested by the members’ parents and relatives.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

After completing my quota in such a good mood I’m ready to go home.

“This is a week right? “Everyone rest well.”

“yes…!”

Another interesting thing happens here.

At the beginning of our debut we each made our own plans and split up without looking back but one day it seemed like we were coordinating our schedules even while on vacation.

‘Even family members have become acquainted.’

For example Raebin Kim is said to be going on a trip to the United States with her grandmother and grandfather and staying at Cha Yujin’s house for a few days.

Since Cha Yu-jin often stayed at Kim Rae-bin’s house since she was a trainee she seems to have invited her there.

“I think I’ve accumulated enough mileage to be able to comfortably get a better seat!”

“Good.”

That’s a very simple thing to say for a guy who earned enough money to get a first class seat with cash.

Moreover while he was preparing for this trip he contacted Liu Chengwu’s family and it seemed like they also joined in the middle.

“Even after my vacation is over I hope my family can enjoy traveling in the United States a little longer. “I’m the only one trying to enter the country on time.”

“Your filial piety is also wonderful.”

“haha.”

It’s such a cheerful sight. I think fans will react well if I post it on social media.

However as you probably know by now I am an exception to all of this.

Well… I haven’t had anyone to move with so far.

‘They seemed to be looking at me from the moment I signed.’

This is because when I do things like this I rarely carry much.

I’m just taking a few out of courtesy because I don’t have any relatives who can hand out autograph items like these guys do.

Park Moon-dae and Ryu Geon-woo.

As a result secret suggestions begin to come in as if they are secretly concerned about this.

“Hyung Moon Dae is coming to my house this time too! “We’re surfing.”

My heart is grateful.

But I have some things planned in Korea for the next few days.

‘I need to rest for a bit and then do my work.’

Appropriately declined.

“Oh Mundae so you’re going to be in Korea this entire vacation?”

yes.

“Then stop by my house for a bit and hang out~ It’s nearby. “My wife really wants to see it.”

“…??”

why me

I looked at him with an expression of bewilderment but the big guy actually gave me a straight face.

“Oh my goodness my wife brought me braised ribs for Moon Dae’s birthday… but you don’t want to see me even though you have time… Have you forgotten the taste of braised ribs?”

“…”

“Mundaemundae was such a cold person. “I wonder how disappointed your wife will be…”

stop.

“I’m going.”

“huh? what?”

You still have a knack for making people angry.

“…I’m going.”

The guy grinned.

“Well thought out~!”

“…”

I want to squeeze in just one. Just one.

It was a time when I was debating whether to make a fist or not.

Knock knock.

“Over there.”

When I turn my head I see Sun Ah-hyeon with an expression full of anticipation.

“My family also wants to see Mundae… Umm I wonder how you are doing.”

“…”

“Oh if you’re in trouble…! ”

“…I’m going.”

“Khahahaha!”

Just like that my plan of ‘let’s spend the first part of the vacation at the hotel’ was canceled and changed.

“Oh so Ahyeon is stopping by my house too?”

“Ugh!”

“Good good… Good good. “I’m sure we’ll have fun on the first day of our vacation~”

Big Sejin packed his bags with joy.

However there was no sight of people talking on their smartphones and saying things like ‘Here are two more people.’

“Why don’t you contact your parents?”

“huh?”

“I think we should tell you we’re going.”

Big Sejin grinned meaningfully.

“Actually my wife… she doesn’t even know I’m leaving today?”

“…!”

“Because construction is so busy… we are holding an event today as well!”

What event?

* * *

Lee Se-jin’s mother. Who is she?

She holds a position in a local community volunteer group and is a household name in the neighborhood even if she is not her son.

And as expected from the MBTI extreme E family her house was crowded with acquaintances today as well.

This was a kind of volunteer activity after-party event.

Her eldest son succeeded as an idol early on and her second daughter was attending college and living in a dormitory so it was easy for her to call people as she pleased!

“All the kids are growing up well.”

“Oh what are you talking about? “The house is very empty these days!”

And here several middle school and elementary school students who followed their parents saying ‘This too is an experience’ were sitting next to us with wide eyes playing on their smartphones.

‘What a joke… ’

I was told that it was impolite to wear earphones so I watched Tic Tac Tok in silence and wondered what was going on.

-Is that family’s son some kind of famous celebrity? They say he’s an idol. Who are you? My mom doesn’t know much about kids these days… but it’s a name I’ve heard of before!

I was a little taken aback by the story but of course there was no trace of the idol in this house!

However it is also okay to ask someone directly.

Even I knew that if I asked anything there would be a high chance of being disappointed and I knew that I wasn’t full of dreams and hopes like the kids were!

‘There aren’t many famous male idols these days so why did I do that?!’

She lowered her head to her smartphone again feeling ashamed of herself for being harsh on such words as a middle school student.

This meeting was about to end anyway so all I had to do was let the battery hold out a little longer.

It was then.

Ding-dong.

“Jeong-ah look who’s here!”

“huh?”

The intercom rang.

It looks like someone came very late.

The homeowner reacted somewhat strangely but the middle school student obviously didn’t care. I just glanced at the door that opened reflexively.

So… I witnessed it.

“Oh my there are so many people!”

A tall well-built man.

A tall figure easily opens the heavy front door and comes in.

When he took off the black hat and mask he was wearing his cool and handsome features were clearly revealed.

“wait a minute. “I’m going in. You’re inside my mother right?”

And the person who greets you by fanning his/her hand… that person.

This is Testa Sejin Lee!

No. 1 target idol music source. The person she had seen in the million-view video on the In Heart page she was watching has now appeared in the same space.

“frame…”

But the words ended in a single scream.

Because there wasn’t just one person coming through the front door!

“Hello…!”

A person wearing a neat coat that looked expensive to anyone’s eyes also came in with his head bowed and then raised his head.

The revealed face…

‘Uh huh.’

She was a tremendous beauty.

It was like that when I saw it in photos and videos… but when I saw it in real life I thought it was a person. The face is the size of a fist but the eyes nose and mouth have clear lines.

That’s right. This one looks familiar too!

‘Seo Seon-ah-hyeon!’

and.

The person who came in after him had a unique solemn expression.

He was a person with all kinds of cute nicknames including puppy and apple but when you look at him in person he actually looks white cool and indifferent.

It means handsome.

“I’m sorry for coming to you so suddenly.”

Moon-Dae Park.

‘Bar Park Mun-dae!!’

Testa three! In real life!

“son!”

“Mom there are a lot of guests at home!”

The middle school student had a sudden realization when he saw Lee Se-jin and Lee Se-jin the team leader of the volunteer activity group who was the owner of the house hugging each other warmly.

Testa was the son of this family!

“Oh it’s nothing special… but I happened to bring something with me on my way home! “The timing is right again.”

In the meantime Sejin Lee chatted as if she were alive(?) smiled and said hello and even shared the items she had brought with the members.

That’s how she received an album signed by Testa.

‘Crazy dog gain… ’

I even received a handshake from one member while delivering it.

“This is…”

“Yes yes yes yes… it’s mom. That handshake over there… just once. Just in case!”

“Oh yes. sure…!”

The middle school student almost cried after shaking hands with Sun Ah-hyeon his hands shaking.

‘Even your fingers are handsome crazy!’

Thank you mother!

-Hey crazy crazy I just saw T[Star Bom

On my way home after a while.

The middle school student logged onto KakaoTalk with trembling hands and decided to be very filial to his mother who dragged him to this place!

* * *

“oh my god! oh…”

Is this the taste of cider you get when you show your power in a super meta that hides your power?

After the album presentation ceremony ended I saw the backs of the guests’ heads as they reluctantly left.

When Testa Lee Se-jin appeared as the son of this family the shocked and enthusiastic reactions of people who were astonished as if their eyes popped out were quite… well impressive.

‘This is what it felt like to live as a celebrity.’

Since we’re usually alone we don’t feel much. Once again I felt Testa’s popularity in real life and it wasn’t a bad thing.

And after people leave.

Keun Se-jin’s mother who became the main character of this surprise…

“This guy is real! “Ugh!”

“Haha!”

You hit this guy on the back.

‘I deserved it.’

A son who barges into a house with guests without even saying a word.

Of course even though he was beaten Keun Se-jin coolly split it.

The person who hit him actually seemed proud so it can be seen as a wise decision.

“Ah should I say this is a surprise filial piety!”

The guy who skillfully avoided more attacks stretched out and sat down comfortably in the living room.

I nodded as I accepted the drink he handed me.

“Are you trying to save your mother’s face?”

“There’s that and in fact it seems like there are people who have an antipathy toward you because they tried to ask me for something through my mother but they blocked me~ Uhm why don’t I take this opportunity to try to stop you myself?”

Are you coming?

There are also those who understand the psychology and cooperate with each other.

-But I’ll go home for a little while first. The two of us are resting at the hotel~

I caught the guy who was trying to do this heard the situation and went with him.

It’s been a few years since Testa became popular like this.

At this point it was not uncommon for people to make a systematic approach whether for money or personal connections.

‘You have to cooperate with this kind of thing.’

Doesn’t the group suffer the same damage when one member becomes X?

I nodded and Big Sejin smiled surprisingly shyly.

“Uhm so it was okay for me to come in alone first… Thank you so much!”

“what…!”

Sun Ah-hyun laughed. And seeing Big Sejin sitting with a similar expression makes me feel very embarrassed…

‘Well that’s a good thing.’

I just laughed too.

The wife of Keun Se-jin who came back after seeing him off cast affectionate eyes at her son.

“I made my friends who came to play work right! Still he really likes Moon Dae and Ahyeon. “When they grow up they brag about their friends to their mom…”

“Oh no ma’am! “Is there any age to cherish friendship?”

“Oh my you’re talking about Cheongsanyusu again!”

“That’s because you look like our lady!”

What a harmonious family.

After that we had a good time without any problems.

“I get it every time… It may not be as delicious as my mother’s but I gave it a try.”

“Oh my!”

As I received the holiday vacation late I brought some holiday food with me and it was a very unique experience to eat it while lounging in someone else’s house.

It was like that at Bae Se-jin’s house during a previous holiday but I don’t think I’m used to it either.

Still… I didn’t hate it.

-Kwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?!

“Haha! “Oh I should have given it to you a long time ago!”

Eventually after seeing Keun Se-jin’s younger sister accept Ryu Cheong-woo’s autographed MD and send a screaming video of her appreciation via KakaoTalk.

“I’ll go to Ahyeon’s in a moment!”

We moved and headed to Ahyeon’s.

And… I received an enthusiastic welcome there too.

In a slightly different sense.

“Welcome~ Ahyun and Moon Dae and Sejin!”

phut.

Pollen exploded before my eyes.

This is what happened to me as soon as I entered the entrance of a house with a garden in Seoul.

Seon Ah-hyun’s parents are standing in front of me with excited faces.

“…thank you.”

This wasn’t a surprise visit but perhaps that’s why the feeling of ‘we prepared for this day!’ was clearly conveyed.

‘It’s like Sun Ah-hyun’s family.’

I’m really grateful but it’s such a burden.

But while I was thinking that way there was something that his parents carefully said to me while the others were away.

“Thank you so much for always getting along well with Ahyeon… Every time I see you Moon Dae takes care of my Ahyeon… I always wanted to do something for her but I never had the chance.”

“…no.”

“No it’s hard for a family to do that.”

It seems that this family prepared for the visit not just because of their child’s co-worker but also because someone they really appreciate and is close to is visiting.

‘What a mess.’

I pressed the back of my neck.

“Are you going to sleep today?”

“Well if it doesn’t bother you…”

“What are you talking about? “Of course it’s good!”

So I was assigned a room and was treated well.

That’s right. Instead of sleeping in Sun Ah-hyun’s room… they assigned me a room.

‘Why is there a house like this in Seoul?’

I guessed it from the time I got into a foreign car but it sure looks like he has a golden spoon.

After unpacking my bags in ‘my room’ and moving with an excited Sun Ah-hyeon…

“This is my room…!”

I got to see his room.
