---
title: "Chapter 592"
category: "book"
index: 591
section: "Chapter 592"
slug: "592"
---

# Chapter 592

Boom.

In an atmosphere that seemed to require such BGM the thick door opened and Sun Ah-hyun’s room was revealed.

however…

“…”

“…room?”

It’s not a room.

I unconsciously made eye contact with Keun Se-jin. The guy was also smiling and his pupils were shaking.

Inside was a small living room-like space with an elegant table and a picture piano.

Next to the small items and vases that look like they are made of knitting… a new visit is visible.

That’s right. There seems to be another room inside.

‘What is this?’

Sun Ah-hyun explained clearly.

“I heard it was created to be like a living room…!”

Was something like that possible in Seoul?

However before asking that question the room(?) owner added as if he was a little embarrassed.

“Actually I haven’t had many customers so far so I used it as a dance practice studio when I was young…”

ah.

Sun Ah-hyun quickly walked over and opened the cabinet. Inside I saw a huge folding mirror that was neatly folded.

“Oh you left it here…!”

And next to it I saw some ballet-related items still in storage.

Items of Sun Ah-hyun from her childhood.

I automatically ask myself this question as it looks like a housewarming event.

“Are we the first time someone has come here since our debut?”

“Ugh. “It’s my first time!”

I see

“It’s an honor Ahyeon~”

“Oh no…”

Even as he said that he continued his explanation with an excited expression and diligently introduced the space called the reception room.

“Before I lived alone in an officetel for a while I lived here…”

It is said that my mother was sent overseas just around the time of &lt;Azusa&gt;. It seems that at that time they said it would be difficult for him to stay alone in this large house so he got a separate officetel near the filming location.

“Oh~ So the contract for that officetel has ended?”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun took a step forward and finally stood at the door in this room.

“This is where I’ve been since I was young.”

And when I opened the door I saw the bedroom.

“and!”

The inside was neatly modern with a wood-colored interior.

However that is not why the great admiration came about.

There was a custom-made glass cabinet installed on one side of the wall and the entire space was filled with Testa products.

“oh my god.”

It’s not just Sun Ah-hyeon’s items.

MD dolls with cheering slogans from each Testa member as well as paintings were carefully displayed and sparkled when exposed to high-quality sunlight.

You can feel the loving care.

“Whenever my dad has things he displays them here!”

“Ohh.”

In Sun Ah-hyun’s dorm room there are not only her own MDs but also a lot of other members’ MDs.

‘Is it a family tradition?’

I looked inside the display case.

Now I can see that there were many other items on the left side of the glass cabinet. There are wooden toys crayon box dog dolls and even ring cases.

It seems that Sun Ah-hyun was good at collecting and displaying objects that were meaningful or precious to her as she grew up.

And the closer you get to the right of the display case the more filled it is with stories from Testa members.

So this… wasn’t just a shelf to put Testa items on.

It was a showcase filled with meaningful and precious things from Sun Ah-hyeon’s life.

And the Testa members did that.

“…”

Big Sejin seemed a little choked up as if he was really a little impressed but he deliberately spoke in a playful way.

“Ahyun I am… I’m so happy to meet a member who values the group like this… isn’t it?”

“…! Ugh me too…! “I’m really thankful and happy to have met such good friends!”

“Ugh Ahyeon we are friends for life!”

What the hell.

I looked at the two guys who looked like they were going to embrace each other right away and then I just chuckled.

Well that’s a good thing.

“This place… has an open-air bath like this!”

“It’s crazy.”

Seon-ah-hyeon took the momentum and even gave us a tour of the house and we enjoyed the tour while her parents looked on with satisfaction.

After that he went to his living room… I don’t know what to call it but we hung out there anyway.

Eun Se-jin couldn’t sleep because he had to spend the vacation with his parents but he stayed up until the night and talked persistently.

It was fun that Sun Ah-hyun’s parents brought her an expensive salad for a late-night snack.

This is truly the choice of someone who has never tried it.

“Hey they even put beef on top.”

“Thank you.”

I spent some time munching on grass and looking through Sun Ah-hyun’s childhood album nodding to the thought that it was really good to take care of my body.

“Oh I caught the thread when Ahyeon was spinning~ I held the mic.”

“Ugh!”

“What about the gate?”

“It must have been a pencil.”

It was new.

To be honest it’s not uncommon for these three to chat in the dorm.

However it was almost the first time in 67 years of living together that we spent time talking about personal things and having nothing to do with work.

Just like real school friends.

And it seems that the landlord also found this situation meaningful.

“…Hey guys. If it’s okay… can I upload today’s work to my account?”

At Seon Ah-hyeon’s request I and Big Se-jin immediately nodded…

“Of course it’s okay~”

Finally a few minutes later this post was posted on Testa’s SNS.

-I came home with my friends. I really enjoy it. I hope you too have a happy evening! (picture)

The attached photos were selfies taken in the reception room and living room and the salad I ate as a late-night snack.

It was an honest post without embellishment.

And not long after posting that post comments arrived from members who were scattered on vacation.

-Kim Rae-bin\: I enjoyed looking at the photo that Ahyun posted. It’s great to see the three of you having a happy vacation. (Elderly thumb emoticon)

-Kim Rae-bin\: I arrived in LA safely and moved to Cha Yu-jin’s house.

-Cha Yu-jin\: My dogs follow grandmother Rae-bin Kim! (shaken photo)

-Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: It looks cute My dog is sleeping well (photo)

All of a sudden this or that pet is starting to take over.

However a call arrived that would put all of this to rest.

-Bae Se-jin\: (Video)

A video that Bae Se-jin uploaded majestically without saying a word.

This is a small white fur ball watching Testa’s video in Bae Se-jin’s arms pretending to know and howling.

This is Munge the small dog who stayed with us in &lt;That House’s Grandson&gt;.

“Oh my god Mundaemundae remembers us!”

The group chat room was also in chaos.

-Cha Yujin\: omg

-Cha Yu-jin\: Bring Munchi and come to America.

However Bae Se-jin did not reply coolly. It was the look of a winner.

‘Funny guys.’

I laughed out loud.

Big Sejin tapped my side.

“How is it better than resting alone in the dorm?”

“…”

I won’t deny it.

I had originally planned to spend a day or two at the accommodation but I had no intention of spending it in such a noisy way.

however.

‘This is okay too.’

I met a lot of people and ate lots of food.

A holiday where you don’t suddenly run into trouble or run out to work.

“…”

I lay down in ‘my room’ where I was shown and tossed and turned to sleep.

I remembered what I heard from Sun Ah-hyun’s parents earlier.

-If you want to rest you can come anytime!

-… yes. thank you

Even if that’s the answer I have no intention of doing something so tactless as going in and out of Sun Ah-hyun’s house as I please.

‘still… ’

I turned my head to the side. There were a few of my photos printed as Polaroids and attached to them.

Some of the photos looked familiar. These are photos taken by Sun Ah-hyun and it appears she shared them with her parents.

“…”

So this wasn’t just a guest room it was a room really prepared for me.

Even if it’s not a hotel there’s another place for me to stay.

It really wasn’t a bad feeling. As if it were a real family home.

“…really.”

When I think about it that way it really feels like a holiday.

I chuckled.

It was fun. This is because I was planning to do something truly holiday-like this vacation.

‘Of course I’ll have to take care of things first before that.’

I fell asleep thinking about the places I would visit tomorrow.

* * *

The guy in military uniform clapped his hands together seriously.

“So… why did you come to visit a terminally ill sergeant who will soon be discharged?”

“…”

Maybe I shouldn’t have come.

I felt a brief shock as I faced Judan who was looking at me with strange eyes.

-Ah… Are you going to Mundae already?

You dared to come out of Sun Ah-hyeon’s home where you were so warmly welcomed to visit a soldier. Isn’t it ruining the cost-effectiveness?

“Oh I’m not saying this for the lowly purpose of getting noticed. “It’s just pure curiosity.”

“…”

“A visit and a home-cooked meal? “I have never helped Mr. Moon Dae to this extent.”

“Oh yeah.”

What a consistent guy.

I muttered shakily.

“I just came because I wanted to see you for the first time in a while.”

“…!”

Let’s go home.

“If it’s uncomfortable you’ll wake up soon…”

“Oh I don’t mean it’s uncomfortable.”

Judan quickly stopped me.

And he answered with a slightly excited face.

“Actually I think it’s almost like something to be thankful for. “For people who don’t make many acquaintances meeting a person is a big event.”

“…”

I thought I could see a glimpse of the expression of young teenage trainee Jung Woo-dan on the face of the guy who said those words.

This is the guy I had no doubt in believing would be a close friend of the member who would debut with him in the future.

‘I am indeed.’

In the end I sat down on the road.

“Still there seems to be a reason why you suddenly decided to see me… Is there a special reason?”

“hmm.”

Well it doesn’t matter if it’s this guy.

“I had a somewhat unique experience.”

After confirming once again that there was no one in the cafeteria of the visiting room I started talking without stopping.

“Not long ago… I received help from a senior trainee before my debut.”

“…!”

This is a recent experience where I became Cheongryeo’s status window during the 100th restart and met Judan from that time period.

Zhou Dan listened with interest to the supernatural story and nodded.

“Well it’s some kind of Jungwoodan from a parallel universe.”

If I have to express it that way… right.

“Hmm this is just my guess but… Then you have built up some kind of intimacy while receiving help from me and is this visit a kind of repayment?”

“…”

But not to that extent.

I didn’t know it might be similar.

“It’s similar.”

“okay.”

Zhou Dan shrugged his shoulders.

“Unfortunately strictly speaking I am not the member of the Jeongwoodan group that helped Mr. Moon Dae. A person’s identity is formed through experiences and memories. “I have no memory.”

“…Oh yes.”

I held back a sigh.

okay. I almost knew you would say something similar to this.

But I didn’t expect what he said next.

“Still I think I would have made the same choice if I were at that age in a similar situation.”

“…!”

“In that sense let me admit it… I don’t remember it but it’s definitely something I experienced sometime in the past right?”

Zhou Dan nodded seriously.

“So I will accept Mr. Moon Dae’s words as an indirect memory. “That’s me.”

“…”

I am indeed.

You.

It might have been a bit touching if it weren’t for the facial expression that said ‘This is such a fun situation for me too.’

But… I can’t deny that those words are like that guy’s.

I laughed like I was out of breath.

“yes. thank you.”

“you’re welcome.”

The guy said he had no memory and began to eat his food with a slightly triumphant look.

“Please tell me more about the details when you are discharged. “I will try to make my memories more concrete.”

“Oh yeah.”

He was a funny guy.

But somehow there was a feeling of relief as if I had finished a homework that had bothered me.

And as visiting hours were coming to an end.

“okay. “It’s a belated holiday vacation.”

As I move on to talking about my current situation the guy looks into space as if he is reminiscing.

“It reminds me of my first holiday vacation.”

“How was it?”

“Jaehyun hyung came to visit the homes of all members including me.”

“…”

“They said they stopped by to say thank you to the members’ parents but it was probably for surveillance purposes.”

How clumsy?

“So aren’t you going to visit Jaehyun?”

“Well… look at the time.”

huh. I’m not going.

He is serving 6 months. Also wasn’t there too much fuss during the last visit to bother going?

‘It must have been a bit difficult to sort things out.’

It’s better for both of us not to go.

“Then do you have any plans for the rest of your vacation?”

“hmm.”

I smiled slightly.

Tonight.

It was exactly the time I had planned.

“It’s because I got leave for the holidays… I’m thinking of going to my family.”

* * *

March.

“thank you.”

Geundal Ryu Geon-woo looked back briefly as he left the district office where he had worked for several years.

Originally I was going to retire altogether. However after a meeting with his superiors he was placed on leave.

Apparently there were strangely sympathetic rumors about him due to family issues and the incident of absenteeism without notice seemed to be understood to some extent.

Still he couldn’t avoid a few glares but since Geudal did his best to resolve the accident he caused he was able to issue a leave of absence notice in a good way.

So now the big moon… was free!

What should I do?

First he reflexively checked Testa’s current status.

‘Your brother is at Ahyeon’s house.’

Since there was also a sighting at Lee Se-jin’s house it seemed like the two members were planning to spend this vacation at their house.

Well it was a good thing.

‘Now that I think about it the new season of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; is coming out soon!’

Then you will soon be able to see Testa’s OST production.

Like that Geoldal tried to keep his mind light and hurried his steps.

But there was already someone standing in front of his officetel door.

“hi.”

“…?!”

What I’m holding in my hands are autographed Testa MDs and albums.

My brother who was standing in front of the door grinned.

“If time permits let’s take a break together.”

Park Moon-dae came to celebrate the belated holiday.
