---
title: "Chapter 593"
category: "book"
index: 592
section: "Chapter 593"
slug: "593"
---

# Chapter 593

Just this situation.

Do you know the feeling that if you just get out of this situation everything will be okay?

When Keudal was still a student at Park Mun-dae he would often have this thought when he was alone with nothing to do sitting blankly on an old mattress in a moldy one-room apartment.

Subjunctive laws.

If you have parents.

If you have a family living with you.

If you have someone to talk to.

The family became smaller and smaller until it eventually became ‘if only there was someone’.

I used to think about what I would do if that were the case.

Of course the motivation and energy to spend on those meaningless thoughts faded away and disappeared at some point.

Maybe that’s why I realized it only now.

-Even if the situation changes I remain the same.

It was strange.

I knew that there was no longer a status window for him to help someone or a pop-up where he could freely chat with his brother.

But isn’t there a huge difference in the environment compared to when I was a 20-year-old orphan lying blankly in that old studio apartment?

He now has a decent job and a home. It was no longer Park Mun-dae who didn’t know how to do anything.

However even though the situation had changed so dramatically he did not feel particularly energized or motivated to move.

It was strange. Isn’t this an environment where you deserve to be okay?

Why can’t I do that and sit alone in my officetel and feel the same way as before?

In the end until the disappearance occurred he was unable to convince himself and gradually became as helpless as in the past.

Alone.

But now there was someone in the house.

“Are you eating japchae?”

“Oh… yes? yes!!”

“Then that’s it.”

Geodal looked blankly at his brother boiling glass noodles.

Testa Park Moon-dae.

My brother holding out a bundle of autographed Testa MDs and albums – some of the members even wrote letters! – had even gone to the grocery store.

‘It will be a precious vacation!’

However without any time to feel sorry my brother moved quickly.

Cooking holiday food urging myself to unbox MDs and laughing at my own reaction as I open Testa’s products…

“Let’s turn on the TV.”

“Oh yes!”

After eating and watching the program we chatted and brought up everyday topics.

“Did you handle the leave issue properly?”

“Oh yes! I am now on leave for one year starting today. “It’s called self-development leave…”

Geoldal found himself sitting comfortably on the sofa chatting about trivial and meaningless things.

‘ah.’

It’s a feeling I’ve experienced before.

When suffering from civil servant status abnormality.

It’s a similar feeling to when his older brother Tae-tae Chang-in comes back one day a year to ask how he’s doing and check up on him while he’s preparing for the exam.

The difference is that my brother has a body and I don’t have to wait a year just because I saw him today.

-I guess I’ll stay here for a few more days and then go up.

-… yes?

-Let’s take a break together.

My brother naturally sat down as if he was visiting his parents’ house.

And now he is eating a holiday meal from his brother and even watching him clean up the table…

“Uh I’ll do it!”

“it’s okay.”

He waved his hand saying he was on his way home after a good rest and after he finished cleaning up the remaining food he even went out with us to buy ice cream.

And then he sits in front of the TV with ice cream in his mouth and casually asks questions.

“Is there anything interesting these days?”

“ah…”

Big Moon who had come here as if he had been swept away was a little embarrassed.

Actually I didn’t do anything really actively this time either.

This is because after the Testa concert he devoted all his time to correcting his absenteeism.

He racked his brain and finally came up with one thing.

“That… Ah! “It’s on WeTube.”

A video that will put your mind at ease!

I saw it sometimes before going to bed.

Geoldal quickly operated the remote control and accessed WeTube on the smart TV.

However the first thing that appeared on the screen as a recommended related video was… a well-decorated stage video.

But he is an outsider idol.

‘Huh?’

Big Moon blinked and soon realized.

I came across this idol by chance while flipping through it but I remember looking at it closely. It probably appeared in recommendations because it took a long time to watch.

“Oh that group debuted around the same time as ‘Halo Haim’…They’re not that popular but their songs are good and they work hard!”

I felt tired gaze.

“Not Testa?”

“oh.”

Ahhh…

“It’s a joke.”

My brother chuckled.

“Do whatever you like. “Don’t worry about what anyone thinks or care about.”

It was as if the words ‘even if that someone were me’ were omitted.

“…”

ah.

Big Moon suddenly stopped.

The attitude that no matter what you do I won’t be sad or disappointed.

I just happened to have a relationship with him so I felt pity for him and accepted him… that kind of feeling suddenly hit me.

‘Why are you like this?’

I was embarrassed.

But as if he had sensed that my brother continued to speak vaguely.

“Are you suddenly planning to ignore me if I quit Testa?”

“…! “It can’t be!”

“Look.”

“…”

“So don’t worry about who you support just do it.”

And Geoldal slowly realized the true meaning of those words.

Whether he’s a Testa fan or not that’s fine.

because.

“You didn’t even know me as an idol in the first place so why do you care?”

“…”

Big Moon nodded vigorously.

Still he mumbled.

“…Still I think I will continue to support Testa…”

Oh you know.

Testa Park Mun-dae burst out laughing.

“Actually isn’t half of the group you created?”

“Why am I making the class bro!”

“You made me debut.”

Park Moon-dae pointed to himself seriously!

“As the main vocalist I am Testa’s vocalist.”

“evil! “Why are you acting like this all of a sudden?”

Even while screaming that it didn’t suit him Keudal manipulated WeTube here and there.

My heart was light.

Then the same light question comes back.

“So… what should we do tomorrow?”

Questions about the near future.

tomorrow.

He was surprised because he came up with so many answers in an instant.

“…”

It was such an easy thing to do.

Just having an elder who is comfortable friendly and dependable with whom you can talk to your heart’s content…

‘There was something I wanted to do… ’

For some reason he was so upset that he hurriedly calmed down his voice.

“So… um how about skiing?”

“okay.”

And my brother accepted the offer on the spot and immediately completed the reservation.

In the late early spring the two of them had fun skiing rolling a few times at a quiet ski resort.

“and! “You’re riding well bro!?”

“It’s a spoiler for this entertainment show but we also go skiing.”

“omg! In Part 2?”

We talk about what we want to say and exchange whatever we want without hesitation.

“Hyung night skiing call?”

“Let’s go to intermediate level.”

Geoldal became more and more comfortable and happy.

Even when I came home from the ski resort and brought up the idea of doing this and that again there was no hesitation.

Even when Testa’s story was brought up he no longer paid attention.

“Ah the new season of &lt;Doll Hunter&gt;… It’s releasing tomorrow at 12 o’clock!”

“uh.”

“I have to defend the actual room then!”

“Where is the main broadcast on Net Plus… What is it?”

So the next day.

The two sat in the living room and watched the drama with leftover mung bean pancakes and kimchi stew made with japchae in front of them.

‘…It’s warm.’

The satisfying calm and stability made the tip of my nose tingle.

Big Moon blinked a few times to keep from crying and then looked at the screen.

“Press.”

“yes!”

It was a daily routine spent with family on days off.

For reference a similar situation was happening in San Diego USA at the same time.

* * *

8pm.

“Todo estaba muy bueno!”

After a long dinner the table of the large family was crowded with guests including the younger brother.

‘It’s been a while since something like this happened?’

Cha Yu-jin’s older brother Eden whistled as he cleaned up the dishes with his younger siblings.

As soon as he graduated from high school his brothers and sisters had already left this large family home and became independent.

However upon hearing that the second son who had become independent from home first was coming everyone except the younger sister who was in school gathered at the house.

Cha Yu-jin’s declaration of independence must have been quite unconventional.

-I’m going to Korea.

-…?

-I will become a KPOP singer there.

-Did you get hit on the head while playing American football?

This family is full of energy and spirit.

Among them his younger brother who had a strangely good sense eventually realized what he said.

I never thought I would come back with such success.

‘I even joked that if I came back after failing I would hand over the surfboard shop to that guy.’

Let us welcome him warmly just as we welcome the second son who runs away from home in the Bible.

Cha Yu-jin’s older brother who was rubbing his chin and thinking about that time turned his attention to Rae-bin Kim who was trying his best to help put away the dishes across from him.

‘The fact that Eugene made many good colleagues must have had an impact on his success.’

They met closer than when they came with a camera a few years ago and even though time has passed they are still thoughtful and full of personality.

‘These are trustworthy guys.’

It was clear to see that his sensitive younger brother liked it so much.

He skillfully took the plate from Kim Rae-bin and smiled and greeted her in Korean which was even better than Cha Yu-jin.

“Thank you for taking care of our mischievous Eugene over the past few years.”

Raebin Kim was a little embarrassed.

“Oh no. “I am receiving help from Cha… Cha Yu-jin!”

“Hee hee!”

“…”

Cha Yu-jin passing by with a smile is disgusting!

However I couldn’t bear to grab Cha Yu-jin’s collar in the presence of her siblings parents and grandmother.

This is even more true if the old lady is even offering snacks to you…

“Toma unos bocadillos mi dulce!”

“That… Gracias!”

Cha Yu-jin’s older brother passed by next to her squinting his eyes.

‘I… am overeating… ’

Raebin Kim took the cinnamon churros and walked slowly feeling like he was breaking out in a cold sweat.

Still he was having a vacation in San Diego for several days moving as much as he ate!

-It’s okay to surf during the day! Raebin Kim gets in too!

-Ugh!

…I also learned to surf.

‘Cha Yujin’s dogs can surf too!’

Although he was a little nervous among the three noisy families as if they had been a large family from the beginning he adapted easily as someone who grew up in a rural area with many neighbors.

For your information Liu Chengwu adapted right away from the first day he arrived and now his Spanish skills have improved to the point where he has improved.

‘also!’

Kim Rae-bin was impressed once again saying that leaders are different but then suddenly felt regretful.

‘It would have been nice if the other brothers had come too.’

It was good but… it felt a little empty.

In fact wouldn’t the gratitude he received from his family go to his brothers at a certain level?

‘Because we are a group.’

Raebin Kim nodded inwardly.

…After seeing Sun Ah-hyun’s display of testa products filled with sincerity his group spirit was at its peak.

But at the same time I thought of Bae Se-jin who was embarrassed by the video call that Cha Yu-jin made without warning yesterday and was holding onto the Spanish translator app.

-So… yeah. up? Me Allegro de Verte…

-Ohhh!

Cha Yu-jin who was cheering was really obnoxious.

…It seemed like it would be a more satisfying vacation to enjoy this time without Cha Yu-jin!

He nodded took a bite of churros and continued writing in his diary.

This is because if you write it down from time to time it will help you think better when you revisit it someday.

Of course even if that wasn’t the case it became a memory.

-… So my grandparents boarded a cruise and I tried snorkeling with my older brother Cheongwoo. My brother skillfully navigates the current without excessive contact with marine life…

“Ravin let’s begin!”

“Oh yeah!”

He quickly closed the diary he had been writing and ran out.

On the TV was Net Plus where the new season of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; had been released.

[Have you ever watched other seasons?]

[Of course! Eugene was so excited about it that I watched it as soon as it was released.]

Kim Rae-bin sat down next to Ryu Cheong-woo. Next to him Cha Yu-jin is sitting on the rug under the sofa.

“…”

At that moment Raebin Kim felt a sense of déjà vu from this composition.

-I’ll play.

-… yes.

‘ah.’

Steer’s last activity.

I think it was like this when I watched their last music video.

Of course it was Steer’s last lodging in Korea which was much smaller than this.

Raebin Kim Cheongwoo Ryu Yujin Cha.

It happened because a person was hit.

“…”

Kim Rae-bin turned his head and realized that Ryu Cheong-woo had been glancing at him and Cha Yu-jin before him.

“…!”

“why?”

“…I was looking around the living room!”

Liu Chengwu smiled and turned his head again.

But Kim Rae-bin thought without thinking.

Chung-woo said that he may have remembered those memories much earlier than he did.

Almost reflexively.

“…”

Raebin Kim almost digested the memories from the time of the steer while presenting the facts. Now it only remains in his mind like a unique event he experienced in the past.

Perhaps Cha Yu-jin did the same through the Water Bomb stage.

but…

‘Did Cheongwoo have a chance to do that too?’

Raebin Kim thought deeply. This is exactly what I want…

It didn’t come to mind.

‘…’

He felt heartbroken for a moment.

Sometimes when circumstances come together incorrectly a person cannot easily escape from the past.

And sometimes unintentionally it pops up and harasses me or holds me back from moving forward.

Kim Rae-bin who is insensitive to other people’s emotions also knew this…

“…”

‘No just a moment.’

Brother Cheong-woo recovered safely but the person sitting next to him could barely make eye contact and think he was so rude!

Isn’t the important thing that now the whole family can watch the members’ activities together?

‘Come to your senses!’

Raebin Kim is out of his thoughts!

After hitting his cheek lightly he focused again on the first episode of the new season of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt; that was playing.

-This is hell. Are you looking for another hell in this life?

And I was instantly drawn into the drama.

Battle pain thrill fear… This drama which combines everything that resonates with emotions was very captivating and captivated people this season as well.

He listened intently to the content…

Deep.

I was surprised once more when Bae Se-jin’s character a medical student appeared in the main character’s second life and was killed.

“…!”

Part of it was because of his amazing and impressive acting skills but that wasn’t the whole reason.

‘The BGM… is our song!’

That’s right.

This induced dissonance was Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song ‘misapprehension’ which they created.

Even that wasn’t the end.

‘It’s coming out again!’

When it first appears in the snowy mountains.

When you comfort the main character for the first time.

The music director cut and divided Testa’s OST into all of medical student Jeong Yi-sol’s impressive scenes.

And last.

-Aaaah!

In the scene where the main character discovers Jeong Yi-sol’s body everything connects and creates tremendous synergy.

“…!”

Raebin Kim almost felt a shiver.

The pleasure of seeing someone else use a song you wrote in a new way and it fits perfectly as intended.

And apart from that the joy you feel when you see a perfectly composed piece of work.

“Yes! “This is a song we made!”

“oh my god!”

And this was also a common reaction from people watching Doll Hunter.

Just one thing.

-What classic song is it when the doll hunter Jeong Yi-sol appears?

Only a very few people still knew whether Testa composed this song.
