---
title: "Chapter 594"
category: "book"
index: 593
section: "Chapter 594"
slug: "594"
---

# Chapter 594

“Tongue brother! “The response is really great!”

“okay.”

“Oh no. There’s so much fuss about the music being crazy? look!”

I looked at the comment package that Geudal had put out which was a collection of reactions to the new season of Doll Hunter (focusing on the OST).

– Jeong Yi-sol is finally tired

-Director what on earth did you change?

-Crazy Jeong Yi-sol BGM The last highlight is that it’s connected all the way. How on earth did they do this?

-Season 1 was also fun but while it was more focused on peripheral stimulation this season feels really well-made… Wow did they receive a lot of investment because Season 1 did well?;;

– Jeong Yi-sol What on earth is that last song a classic? ㅠㅠ There is an original song and it feels like an arrangement but no matter how much I search it doesn’t come up. What is it?

All of them are receiving rave reviews.

‘The director divided it up smartly.’

Who would have thought that the OST would be divided into scenes so that it could be used frugally and then throw in a perfect song in the final highlight scene? Testa didn’t know either.

Thanks to this my smartphone went crazy too.

-Keun Se-jin\: Ah hahaha again the testa is amazing I can’t believe it.

-Seon Ah-hyeon\: I’m glad that everyone’s hard work resulted in a good result. While watching the drama I was very impressed that our OST suited Sejin’s acting well!

-Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: That’s right I think the OST came out even better because Sejin acted well.

-Kim Rae-bin\: That is a wise statement! Would it be okay to ask Bae Se-jin who played the character in question what he felt about this combination?

Bae Se-jin responded only after a while.

– Bae Se-jin\: I haven’t seen it yet…

– Keun Se-jin\: ??

-Cha Yujin\: wwwwwhy?

-Bae Se-jin\: It’s a holiday vacation.

-Brother Bae Se-jin\: It’s hard to watch me die while playing a psychopathic killer with my mother…

ah.

-Keun Se-jin\: Hahahahahahahahahahaha

– Keun Se-jin\: (I heard it and it’s true emoticon)

-Cha Yujin\: I avoided unfilial piety lol

-Seon Ah-hyun\: You will be satisfied even after watching it. It was really great!

Well I guess so.

I also sent a link to a response post.

-Bae Se-jin\: ?

[When Jeong Yi-sol appeared in the snowy mountain I gasped because he was handsome. Is it okay to cast a spell on a magic snail whose snowflakes look like flower petals? Bae Se-jin take responsibility. Take responsibility for this and that.]

The response was explosive.

-Brother Ryu Cheong-woo\: Those are good words haha.

-Cha Yujin\: YEAHHHHHH

-Kim Rae-bin\: (applause emoticon)

-Keun Sejin\: Haha (content capture)

– Keun Se-jin\: I’m telling you to take responsibility brother?

In the end Bae Se-jin ran away.

After that he did not appear in the group chat room for a while.

Anyway the testers are already exchanging well-wishes like this.

‘Of course this is possible because we know that we composed it ourselves.’

The fans’ reaction was roughly like this.

-Didn’t you say you composed the kids’ OST? I couldn’t hear the kids’ voices. Did they just compose the song and give it to another singer?

-So what kind of song did you produce? I thought it was the episode in which Jeong Yi-sol appeared so I looked it up but her voice didn’t match.

I mean I was reasoning and struggling.

Then some people started to realize it.

-This looks like a cappella Moondae and Cheongwoo no way (Jeong Yi-sol flashback scene video)

└Oh

└That’s crazy

└Ah hearing this makes me feel like Ravin. Am I mistaken?

-Now that I think about it the way it unfolds and the narrative feels like a testa song made by Kim Rae-bin… Wow no way…

Jeong Yi-sol’s powerful theme song that drew all sorts of exclamations as soon as the season was released.

It’s an atmosphere where one suspects with reasonable doubt whether Testa composed it.

Of course this excited reaction was tempered to a certain extent.

-Let’s not make it a fait accompli and let’s all calm down.

-The kids’ entertainment show is coming out soon. It’s not too late to go and talk about it then!

I was restraining myself to this extent.

But sure enough the cubs who had been waiting for this moment had already captured it and were making fun of it.

‘I don’t miss the number of cases.’

-Isn’t it too much to make fans happy by adding testers to a song that doesn’t even have vocals… lol?

-Please don’t show off.

-I’m sorry but Testa did not compose all the music in the play. You may only know Oppa but surprisingly there is a music director in dramas…

└ㅋㅋㅋ I’m so sick of it.

“Um… I’m talking about what you’re seeing right now.”

“Well it’s no big deal.”

Without any hesitation I turned off the smartphone screen and threw it away.

This is a story that won’t last long so there’s no need to get upset.

“Other people will care.”

“…??”

Are there just one or two officials keeping an eye on this?

I got up leisurely.

And two days later at midnight.

The Testa entertainment production team unable to bear it any longer released this pre-release preview.

[Hot Drama Doll Hunter Season 2]

[And Testa a KPOP addict who composed the OST…]

[Are you curious about what kind of OST it is?]

Various OSTs and theme songs from Doll Hunter played one after another on the screen passing through cuts.

And just when the viewers were guessing and excited.

[Among these the OST composed by Testa is…]

[※doesn’t exist!※]

-??

-What are you talking about?

And on the screen testers with serious faces sitting around and having a meeting pass by one by one.

[Bae Se-jin\: I hope you trust me and try to edit the song.]

[Lee Se-jin\: We’re not a group that goes half-heartedly and says ‘This is enough’ right?]

[Park Moon-dae\: We need to pick something that will give people goosebumps and be shocked the moment the OST plays in a drama.]

And in the close-up camera.

Bae Se-jin who had quietly closed her mouth amidst the white noise suddenly opens her mouth.

[Bae Se-jin\: What do you think?]

The screen goes dark.

And then a single flowing string instrument rushes in running towards the dissonant sound and suddenly bursts out mixing with the acapella.

[Testa’s Workshop PART.2]

That’s right.

The production team openly played Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song in the pre-release.

Take the lead!

-????

-Miㅁ;Chin

-It was a testa.

-Jjinim?

And the viewers also exploded.

Before the day had passed news of Testa’s composition began to spread through communities and social media platforms where people wanted to talk about the entertainment industry.

Of course including sales comments from fans.

[This is crazy this is a test]

[Idol participated in a drama OST but there are no lyrics?]

[Character theme song composed by the actor]

I chuckled.

‘It would have been fun if this stayed a little longer.’

How much could an anonymous OST composer have been promoted by criticizing Testa?

‘Rekka must have asked more excitedly saying it was similar to the Byeolbyeolgok account incident.’

Then it would have been possible to attract attention by properly attracting domestic aggro but…

‘There are rebound side effects so this level is just about safe.’

Now was the perfect time.

The production team is happy to have received so much attention that it has helped to put an end to the controversy that arose in Part 1 and the &lt;Doll Hunter&gt; side is happy to have been able to promote the drama once more.

And Testa…

-Can anyone tell me more about the KPOP band called “Testa” that composed this masterpiece of &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;? Because I also saw their tour article. The attempt to combine it with VR was amazing!

└Welcome! Testa is a great band. They create the most comprehensive artistic performances and songs.

└I also saw an article about their concert tour and I’m thinking of purchasing a VR streaming service…

└You will never regret it! 😀

An image of a ‘unique and bold attempt’ to establish oneself overseas.

It has become more solid.

In any case if you go global you have to capture the right demand rather than popularity.

From this concert tour which tried all kinds of new and conceptual things including worldview and choices to the OST which composed a powerful classic with only a cappella without lyrics or vocals.

Now Testa is just strengthening its features.

“Bro here… look at this! “There was a post posted on an overseas forum!”

“oh.”

The overseas reaction that Keundal sometimes gave out in excitement was like that.

And the story came to me too.

‘I’m sorry you’re on vacation but I’ve received a request to release an OST album.’

‘The director snooped that he wanted to somehow try using the vocal song that Testa originally composed.’

I guess it can be summarized in these two things.

To summarize… everyone smells.

‘This explodes.’

It was a rowing movement when the water came in.

Testa can definitely create synergy.

I lay down on the sofa.

‘That’s it.’

Everything I was aiming for is over.

The foundation has been completed.

Now one proper comeback.

All it takes is one comeback from Ryu who is very decisive and can explode with momentum… The goal is just around the corner.

‘good.’

There will be a lot to do after vacation.

It was then.

Keundal who was carefully watching the clip from the first episode of Testa’s composition entertainment show asked as if he had suddenly remembered it.

“Brother but why is the title of the song… ‘misapprehension’?”

It was a question about the title of Jeong Yi-sol’s theme song that we composed.

hmm.

“The meaning of that word is ‘misunderstanding.’”

I responded by recalling the situation in which we were talking at the time.

-The character in the main character’s delusion becomes more and more distorted until it reaches its conclusion so I want to bring out that feeling of disharmony more.

“…so. “I decided to deliberately choose difficult words rather than titles that can be recognized immediately at a glance.”

-I thought it would be fun to look it up and think about the song title one more time.

“Because it would better suit the theme of the song.”

“Oh…”

Big Moon searched furiously and nodded his head.

“and! That… I think it’s really cool. “I will find it and find out for myself.”

The guy’s eyes lit up.

“…”

And suddenly I was convinced of a guess that had occurred to me before.

Big moon.

This guy likes to dig.

Of course this does not mean actually digging the land.

I enjoyed recognizing and discovering things that were not easily visible and could be overlooked without notice.

Just like I was looking for a fancam of a performer who was buried without recognition but was putting on a passionate performance with his soul.

‘gun1234’.

It becomes even clearer when I think about how he held on for a while without becoming helpless while watching the stages of unknown singers that I posted on that account.

And considering that this guy was a status window…

hmm.

“Park Mun-dae.”

“……yes!”

“Are you interested in scouting or something?”

“…yes?”

I saw the guy.

“Find out kids who want to work hard but aren’t doing well sponsor them etc.”

“Uh since you said so… Yes! “I think it would be great!”

Geodal seemed to be worried but quickly agreed.

“In fact it’s like my brother supported me too…”

What are you talking about?

“no. “You not me.”

“…??”

therefore…

“Are you interested in developing new celebrities?”

“…!?”

“Our company is really in need of such personnel.”

The big moon opened its mouth and looked at me.

“If you’re interested let me know.”

“…!! Ah no!!”

It took a moment to see the guy yelling at me asking how he could do something like that.

“I’ll think about something else.”

“okay.”

Finally the words came out.

The guy had a nervous face but he seemed strangely excited somewhere.

I never expected to hear something like this from myself but when I actually heard it and thought about it it seemed like many thoughts came to mind.

And that didn’t seem to be a bad thing.

‘hmm.’

Perhaps in the near future a competent person will be found.

I smiled inwardly and looked at the guy.

Then I suddenly remembered one more thing I had been thinking about before.

“By the way why don’t you talk a little bit too?”

“…?!”

To be honest I was now embarrassed to even be treated with respect by the youngest members of the team.

That’s because one guy is a foreigner and the other guy is… well I guess that’s because it’s Kim Rae-bin.

Still even Big Moon is freaked out.

“Time to think about that too…!”

Are you coming?

“Just think about it until your next vacation.”

“…! of course!”

I think I understand what you mean by coming here next vacation as well.

I chuckled when I saw the guy stumbling for some reason as he went to check the dryer.

Still it seems like it has become a lot more comfortable.

Of course a lot of time passed while sitting in this officetel.

‘The vacation is almost over.’

There is only one day left.

I picked up my smartphone to see if there was any special news for the other guys.

There was no big deal.

Kim Rae-bin seems to have become attached to Cha Yu-jin’s family and Ryu Cheong-woo seems to have competed in a volleyball match with Cha Yu-jin’s older or younger brother.

And Eun Se-jin went on a short domestic trip with his mother.

It seems like Sun Ah-hyun met Bae Se-jin briefly.

‘It’s okay.’

Overall the vacation ended peacefully.

‘Tomorrow I’m going to buy some new rice and make some royal tteokbokki.’

That was the moment when I was about to close my smartphone.

“…?”

There was a short text message.

To a guy who is not a member.

-They said it was a vacation.

-Enjoy it.

“…!”

And the attached image.

-D-40

Countdown.

“…”

‘It’s coming.’

40 days.

That was a notice of VTIC discharge.
