---
title: "Chapter 595"
category: "book"
index: 594
section: "Chapter 595"
slug: "595"
---

# Chapter 595

“VTIC… Discharge notification text?”

“yes.”

“Why am I sending you something like that?”

That’s right.

I nodded when I saw Bae Se-jin whom I had met for the first time in a few days. The other guys who came back from vacation are also sitting around the table with mysterious expressions.

‘I guess everyone’s doing well.’

Everyone’s faces became blemished and the trio who went to America even became a bit spotty.

‘Those three seem to be feeling a bit better.’

All I need to do is take good care of my skin.

Anyway as if my fighting ability had recovered after a good night’s rest the story of my discharge from VTIC brought me strength back to my eyes.

This has always been Testa’s biggest barrier since his debut.

A first-team idol who was constantly at the top while we crawled steadily from a senior who could not be compared to a competitor who could slice and dice the pie of the popular group.

VTIC will soon step into the game.

“Well as you all know… it was already decided when the VTIC seniors would be discharged from the military in the first place and we took that into consideration and made a good plan right?”

“Ugh!”

“Then I think it would be better for Mundae to just send something like ‘Good luck senior~’ and ignore it and just do our best… But!”

Big Sejin smiled bitterly.

“But since you bothered to tell us let’s at least check what we know!”

Are you coming?

I opened my mouth.

“What is the comeback date of VTIC seniors that we expected?”

“June 12th.”

The answer comes without hesitation.

Because.

“This is VTIC senior’s first No. 1 date!”

This was also the reason why our activities overlapped with VTIC when we debuted. Those bastards made a comeback by picking meaningful numbers.

“The gap was long and we all thought that if there was such a meaningful date around… there was a high probability that it would be this time.”

“yes.”

Measures such as adjusting the release date in consideration of Billboard scores can be adjusted by the teaser release date etc.

‘Anyway the first release of content will likely be on the 12th.’

This is for fandom unity and impact.

And until that day… there are only three months left.

“So we will definitely make a comeback around May.”

“That’s right~ VTIC seniors have an advantage over us so we have to choose the right time!”

“I have a question I would like to ask about that…”

Raebin Kim raised his hand. It seemed like he had been thinking about it carefully for some time.

“I’m curious as to why the VTIC seniors decided that it was more advantageous!”

It was simple.

“Ravin. “When was our last activity?”

“Uh… so it’s January! “I had the great joy of receiving a lot of love for my fan song and unexpectedly even getting to participate in broadcasting activities.”

Raebin Kim answered in rapid fire.

“And recently I’ve been looking out for fans and the public through entertainment shows!”

“okay. “I was active consistently.”

“yes!”

I looked at Raebin Kim and nodded.

If so.

“Now think of two pieces of music you like. “I happened to hear those two songs on the street one day.”

“yes!”

“But imagine that there was one song you could hear every day and another song you only heard after 18 months.”

“…!”

“Which of the two would you be more interested in at that moment?”

I nodded.

“If you apply the same thing you will find the answer.”

This was a question of rarity and a question of human psychology.

The boredom that the public feels about VTIC which has accumulated years of experience has disappeared and the guys have become happy and fresh.

‘In layman terms it’s said to have become cool.’

Of course if awareness does not reach a certain level it is all nonsense.

Gap? It just ends with being forgotten. Especially if there are substitutes it is even faster.

But VTIC’s recognition went beyond that.

‘I hate to admit it but the position is also unrivaled.’

There is still no substitute in the same series.

But do you expect that your form will drop after returning from military service and all expectations will cool down? What kind of happiness circuit are you running around with these guys who even produced their album right after being discharged from the military? I’ll ride it all.

Moreover it is highly unlikely that his capital and planning skills will have deteriorated since he took control of his agency LeTi.

Besides that.

“Actually… we also played a part.”

“What?”

“We have sorted out all the rookies who could be competitors so there is almost no fandom leakage from VTIC.”

“…”

“We… lived really hard.”

That’s right.

‘You did a really good job of keeping the rookies in check.’

It was a side effect of overlapping fields. Good job for you rival.

Keun Se-jin who had stepped on Ether while awakening his trait to EX naturally laughed heartily.

“Our seniors have benefited from us! “Thank you for watching it would be great if you could take a good rest this year and not make a comeback~”

“haha…”

Of course that can’t happen. Even those bastards can’t stand a gap period of more than two years. He will try to come out quickly.

‘But on the other hand if we can’t go into the second half of the year after their comeback Bae Se-jin will go to the military first before receiving the Cultural Merit.’

How funny would that be if Bae Se-jin were to receive service next year after enlisting? ‘A male idol with bad timing’ or something like that would become a hot topic.

On the other side Ryu Cheong-woo calmly refines the conversation as if he were organizing it.

“okay. “We have prepared by considering even the worst-case scenario so we will go without wavering.”

“yes…!”

“That’s right.”

I looked back at the faces of the guys as they strengthened their will once again.

Next comeback.

Everything from the title song choreography to the intro to the included song has been decided.

If all goes as planned…

‘At least I’m not pushed back.’

I was confident that no matter what they brought they wouldn’t chase after me.

Just attention.

How can we keep our presence from being overshadowed by the VTIC guys who will come out just one term later?

“So I thought why not add some strong marketing?”

There are small reactions here and there that agree with what I say.

Opinions too.

“How about entertainment…?”

However I have to refute this.

“I already used it once for the &lt;Doll Hunter&gt; OST.”

“ah…!”

I heard that the number of views is still going up.

It would be a shame to have another drink here as there is a problem with the timing.

Moreover there is one crucial problem.

“The PD said he was taking a break.”

“…??”

An article appeared.

[PD Jeonghamdo announces sudden break…”Time to think about tomorrow”]

The representative producer of the entertainment company we were working with made a statement saying “I will take a break for a while to think more about this matter and reflect on it” and took a dive.

‘Somehow I was emotional and sent a thank you text to Bae Se-jin.’

“I see…”

“Wow you’re hot.”

“So then we can’t produce content together in the future?”

“At least for a while.”

Besides actually doing it again with this person doesn’t fit with my current goal.

‘There are some people who believe it and see it… ’

It’s such a comfortable feeling. It is ambiguous to use it to keep in check those who are making a full comeback after 18 months.

What Testa needed now was impact not familiar pleasure.

‘The thought of… ’

I started doing it when Cheongryeo sent me a text message.

Even before that when I interviewed with the entertainment production team I had vaguely made a plan.

Pioneering a new marketing content route.

Something groundbreaking.

“So how about this?”

“…??”

I showed him an email I had exchanged with the company.

The moment a famous name appears in the address the members blink.

-Thank you for… We look forward to your positive reply.

“Is this…?”

“Content creators who would like to be nominated as an alternative.”

To be exact I found it after searching through a year’s worth of contact proposals that came to the company.

“Oh!”

In an instant members are glued to the email screen.

And it quickly became noisy with cheers of admiration and suspicion.

“Are you really doing this here?”

“How do you come up with these ideas every time?”

“I knew it would be like this. “Mundae hyung always think about the answer before you ask!”

“Is this an insult?”

“No! “It’s a compliment!”

Of course there are some people who give me strange looks.

“That door seems to be working every time it needs to rest.”

“…I did it after taking a good rest.”

I only worked for one night.

Anyway if we look at the overall reaction…

Very okay.

I looked at the guys burning with desire and challenge and nodded willingly.

“I’ll tell you to contact me.”

“OK~”

‘With this we will strike first.’

I saw the guys scattering away laughing after the meeting ended.

It’s great to see how motivated this guy and that guy are.

‘If this marketing is successful… ’

It was then.

“ah. It’s Mundae. “Would you like to come here for a moment?”

“Oh yeah.”

When Liu Chengwu called me I naturally went into his room.

‘He said he had something to give.’

As expected the guy was touching his bag as if he was rummaging through souvenirs.

But when I entered the room I zipped my bag.

“…!”

It was a fake.

To avoid attracting attention from other guys.

“Close the door first.”

That’s not unusual.

I closed the door quietly without protesting.

Liu Chengyu in front of me did not look embarrassed or angry. However he quietly handed me his smartphone.

“I saw this when I entered the country today and I was curious about your decision.”

“…”

“I’m going to tell the company.”

I quietly picked up the smartphone and looked at the screen.

It was a capture of a WeTube video with roughly 450000 views.

[Another 1st group idol member who is a prince who can’t control his addiction! What photos did you post while on vacation?]

“…”

For reference the thumbnail is like this.

-ㅠㅠYou guys don’t have anything like this right?

-I went to Lee Se-jin’s house first but why am I uploading the authentication? Because I have a golden spoon^^

…was written in red calligraphy in a speech bubble next to Sun Ah-hyun’s face whose eyes were covered with black tape.

“…”

What is this bullshit?

I’m on the verge of losing my temper.

‘It’s a cyber wrecker.’

There were many factories like this these days.

Of course it was frustrating.

However it doesn’t happen for a day or two that we get criticized for rumors and anyway things like this get beaten up by fans before they even surface.

Even Sun Ah-hyeon and Gwanjong? It has to be a suitable keyword for the public to respond. At this point there is no such thing as just AI random matching.

‘Is this… a threat?’

I looked at Liu Chengwu with trembling eyes.

I wouldn’t have been so busy that I wouldn’t have known that it would be okay to just quietly file a complaint with the company and ignore it.

But Liu Chengwu remained calm.

“Do you want to keep watching?”

“…”

“Turn the page.”

hmm.

I moved my hand at Liu Chengyu’s glance.

The capture screen changes.

But… it doesn’t end.

“…”

The day before.

The day before that.

And on and on and on.

[Sun Ah-hyun’s greed for being a luxury ambassador makes even her team pay attention]

[Bullying during school days? The reality of Sun Ah-hyeon who was said to be An Ha-muin’s chief]

[Is it you again… I’m tired of Sun Ah-hyun’s image-making attempts and failures!]

It was coming up every day.

If not every day at least three times a week. Even if it’s just once every two days I somehow squeeze in it and write about the same topic consistently.

The topic kept coming up for several months.

[Sun Ah-hyun’s amazing skills of choosing Cha Yu-jin’s ambassador brand outfit without knowing it]

[Sun Ah-hyun’s creepy SNS posts that are sincere about creating a golden spoon image]

Be persistent.

Persistently.

It’s as if he staked his life on this.

“…”

“Go to the front again.”

I turned the page without saying anything.

Now I know what he wants to say.

[450000]

This number of views.

At first glance it seems like there is a bit of aggro involved.

It’s not a controversy worth worrying about but it’s just a figure that can appear once in a while due to the value of Testa Sun Ah-hyun’s name.

However if you look back at the number of views of the initial video of this damn WeTube account that was uploaded a few months ago.

[30000]

The number of views increased more than ten times.

Gradually step by step over the course of half a year the persistence of these crazy bastards was being rewarded.

Gradually growing in size.

“…”

‘Fuck you.’

Where did these bastards get from?

Also the timing… no fuck.

“You know. “The intro to our new album.”

“…”

“Ahyun is single.”

Just right for biting.

* * *

Same time.

The quiet JSA located in the demilitarized zone.

-Brother then we will use up all of our vacation time and come out two weeks early to prepare!

“okay.”

Cheongryeo responded calmly to Chaeyul’s cheerful voice.

They lived without any problems in the military and were quietly preparing to be discharged.

It is easy to manage motivation by instigating and encouraging more excitement during the first period of activity for a long time.

“The fans must have been waiting for a long time so we are moving forward quickly.”

-yes!

It’s so clear.

Cheongnyeo clenched her chin.

In physics there is something called complexity theory.

It looks complicated like a series of coincidences but in fact there is a hidden order within it and principles and order can be discovered.

But in fact it was similar in sociology not physics.

People are such predictable beings if we can understand their nature with enough care and detail.

The members are not subject to inertia. It also leads us to do our best to make a perfect comeback.

-D-40

If you put that much pressure on your competitors you may need to refine your own plans even further.

So in order to achieve better results he will look for flashpoints that will create buzz.

In the end it will all be returned to good nourishment for this group.

Of course even he couldn’t have predicted this reply.

-Park Moon-dae\: Yes good luck to you senior.

Cheongryeo grinned as he opened the soulless reply again.

“This probably isn’t the time to cheer for me.”

VTIC will not be making a comeback on June 12th.

Their comeback date is…

It was May.
