---
title: "Chapter 596"
category: "book"
index: 595
section: "Chapter 596"
slug: "596"
---

# Chapter 596

Looking back it seems like these types of kids have been especially good for Sun Ah-hyun since &lt;Azusa&gt;.

It’s not just about who they don’t like it’s about kids with a strange mental world who feel resentful that Sun Ah-hyun being recognized is an unfair thing that can’t happen.

But this is also new.

[Testa leader’s cider remark because he couldn’t stand Sun Ah-hyun’s shameless pretense]

‘Sun Ah-hyun please risk your life and take action to become X.’

This is not the level of gathering together and swearing.

I don’t even know where to start and what to say when I see people pouring their soul and passion into creating rumors and saying ‘Please just get caught.’

‘Fuck you.’

I pressed my painful eyebrows and watched the WeTube video capture.

I also understand why Ryu Cheong-woo showed it to me first before putting me in the company.

‘It’s a gesture asking the members to seriously consider this from the moment they pick up this story and submit it to the company.’

Then things inevitably get bigger.

This means that before that let’s review whether the method is right.

I turned the page again suppressing the urge to hit someone on the head.

As soon as the vacation ends all sorts of things happen.

‘first of all… ’

Cyber Wrecka spreading rumors.

‘Due to the nature of the WeTube platform reports like this don’t work well.’

But that’s it.

If there were bastards who were persistent like this every day I would have known about it a long time ago. Why didn’t I know?

If she’s this bad shouldn’t she already be anti-Seon Ah-hyun?

“wait a minute.”

I raised my palm to Liu Qingwu then took my smartphone and went into the account spreading the rumor and looked through it.

“…”

And then I realized.

Why didn’t I specify this?

‘It’s not just the story of Sun Ah-hyun.’

[The creepy meaning of the photo that Mirinae Jeong Yul-gi couldn’t bear to post]

[Comprehensive review of Halo Haim’s villain Lee Soo-hee’s diet!]

This didn’t seem like an anti-account full of malice toward Sun Ah-hyun like it did when there were only captures.

It just looked like a bad quality account that spread entertainment industry gossip which is commonly seen on WeTube.

Moreover look at the crazy amount of uploads of at least three or four issue videos per day.

The frequency was visible because Ryu Cheong-woo only captured Sun Ah-hyun’s story but in reality it was about one in five or six videos on this account.

In other words it looked like an ordinary cyber wrecka account.

“…”

Liu Chengwu waited until I had properly looked at the actual account and then calmly asked.

“how is it.”

I was silent and then opened my mouth.

“It seems like you used your head and decided to do it.”

“…!”

Isn’t this just a vicious sniping attack from all directions?

‘no.’

This was more dangerous.

Sun Ah-hyun and general entertainment industry rumors.

The two were of different types.

‘They mixed it up cleverly on purpose.’

“Other rumors have already become issues elsewhere even before this account posted them.”

“…”

“Only Ahyeon created a new one and put it in.”

What happens if the rumors about Sun Ah-hyun created by this idiot are naturally inserted among famous issues?

“Ahyun’s story seems like it was just a rumor.”

“yes.”

Sun Ah-hyun’s rumors are also naturally treated as a ‘hot issue these days’.

Moreover it is common for accounts to address such issues of poor quality in the entertainment industry.

‘There are a few accounts that have hundreds of thousands of views not hundreds of thousands.’

So at this scale it just appears to be ‘one of the somewhat popular entertainment industry Rekka accounts’.

So what happens to people who mindlessly come across this rumor video?

-Is there a rumor like this about him?

-There are so many… hmm

-I didn’t know but it’s a bit obnoxious and different on the outside and the inside? It’s a feeling

“…”

It seeps in like that.

And slowly factory-type cyber wreckers began to appear unconditionally copying the video contents of famous cyber wreckers and stitching them together.

Then a rumor created from scratch will turn into a real controversy and issue.

[What is the truth about the controversial Sun Ah-hyun ambassador controversy?]

If several people are talking smoke can come out even from an unopened chimney.

“…”

Fuck you.

I deleted the search term.

‘Ryu Chengwu got it right.’

If this had been overlooked Sun Ah-hyun would have suffered for a long time.

“Originally there is talk that it is best to quietly ignore things like this and then deal with them when they cross the line… but I was wondering if I could get rid of them without growing them.”

Liu Qingyu smiled bitterly then sat down on the bed and hugged him.

“If it were a problem that only had to catch one person that would be better.”

It’s a wise decision.

Just… that’s it.

“That’s it.”

I silently scanned the screen.

“This is not the same person.”

“…!”

Think about it.

Shoot three or four videos every day?

Even if he didn’t make it up and brought up an existing controversy wouldn’t he be able to do that on his own?

Even though Sun Ah-hyun’s controversy is something she made up herself she cannot script it find appropriate videos insert them and edit them for impact like this.

“Factories that use AI have unnatural connections and grammar but that’s not the case.”

“…”

“So if you think about common sense in terms of the time and labor that a person can use…”

“It means several people.”

That’s right.

Even though there was only one account holder this was a group action.

These are people who are probably excited by the sense of belonging and the pressure of having to take responsibility if something goes wrong is dispersed because many people are together.

“But regardless of that I think it’s right to tell the company as you said.”

If I bury this it seems like it will explode even bigger later. It would be better for the company to quickly find a legal route to respond. of course…

“Okay then let’s do that.”

The ending of this report is also roughly predictable.

I watched Liu Chengwu talking on the phone with a somewhat mixed feeling.

And after some time.

“You already knew.”

-Yes… That’s right.

Ryu Cheong-woo receives a response from the company saying ‘This account was already being monitored.’

‘okay.’

I knew it would be like this.

Fans have already taken the PDF and reported it to the company several times.

‘It is much more likely that Sun Ah-hyun’s fans knew about it before us.’

And it seemed like it had already been a few weeks since the company confirmed it.

However it wasn’t as serious and reckless as when I was with T1 and I was neglecting it due to factional fighting.

There was a practical reason for that.

-We looked at how these accounts reacted to lawsuits before and as a result of the lawsuit… they actually made videos.

“…”

Oh I remember that too.

[Younglin’s agency makes a sudden move! Issue\: What is the truth about Youngrin’s plastic surgery that they tried to suppress because they were afraid of YouTubers?]

– So I’m afraid that this will be promoted in this way because it’s a sting…

“I understand what you mean.”

It’s simple.

Even in a country like the United States where suing is easy and common why aren’t paparazzi invading privacy eliminated?

‘It’s more profitable to pay the fine and keep filming.’

Because there is more money.

Similarly when an account like this starts to get a few hundred thousand views it is much more profitable to just pay the fine and continue to operate it.

Is there no goal in my life that would bother me with a red line? There is no reason to be scared.

‘They should have made the fact that they were sued into content to attract aggro.’

Moreover those who are targeting Sun Ah-hyun so persistently will be happy and try to use this as an excuse to further escalate the situation.

This is the perfect opportunity to put the created controversy on the water.

‘If I had been conscious of it the logic would be that the agency would sue my video.’

And although it may sound like X the reality is that there are people who are intrigued by those words.

Companies can also be fooled by that trick so they need to be careful.

-First of all we will make better preparations so that we can respond immediately.

“yes.”

Still since we have urged this once we will be able to respond quickly if a situation arises such as if this controversy grows out of control.

A slightly bitter look flashed across Liu Qingyu’s face as he hung up the phone but he soon regained his calm and strength.

“Well let’s find out more about other methods.”

“yes.”

Of course it will.

But before that wait a moment.

“brother.”

“huh?”

I asked Liu Chengwu in passing.

“You said you don’t normally see things like this. “Internet controversies.”

“…”

“I was wondering how you happened to see it.”

He had been monitoring properly before.

However it was just an attempt to listen to the fans’ stories not a way to predict figure out or avoid ‘what controversy will arise’.

‘There was no need for that.’

To begin with it wasn’t a part that Ryu Cheong-woo was strong at and there was no need to encourage him to do it when I and Keun Se-jin were in it.

I met the gaze of Liu Chengwu who had closed his mouth.

The guy laughed slightly.

“Well I just remembered it on my way into the country and tried it and I found it by chance. “It was fortunate.”

“Um yeah.”

hmm.

It was an acceptable answer.

What does that mean…

‘I just said it in moderation.’

I know.

During Steer this guy saw the group getting caught up in various rumors and controversies and he fiercely defended it and worked hard to lead the members.

‘And the memories from that time still remain.’

So the monitoring ability has improved dramatically? I understand.

But still.

‘Being able to do something and doing it obsessively are two different things.’

I’m the same type as Keun Sejin so it’s okay to just look at them.

Normally I do this without much trouble. It’s enough to change your mood and manage your mentality without looking too far into the water.

But isn’t it true that this guy doesn’t like me in the first place?

I’m not sure if it’s such a positive sign to be so concerned about this.

That too on a plane returning from a pleasant vacation.

But if I had to say it in detail like this people would think ‘What are you talking about that you wouldn’t have known if it weren’t for me?’ so I just slapped him on the back.

“Brother please take some time to rest. “Thank you but I’m sorry.”

“There’s no need to… Okay. “Thank you Mundae.”

Liu Chengwu chuckled and moved on without any awkwardness.

‘I guess I’ll have to observe this guy’s progress.’

“Then shall we find another way?”

ruler. Now it’s time to take action.

“You mean that.”

I nodded to Sun Ah-hyun who was looking at the diffuser she made during her vacation with a bright face and nodding.

For reference Cha Yu-jin heard that it was her gift and tried to refuse it in advance but was secretly beaten by Kim Rae-bin and Bae Se-jin.

“I guess we don’t know for sure yet.”

“I see.”

“First of all can I ask you to make sure Sun Ah-hyun doesn’t notice? “I don’t think it would be good for the person involved to find out.”

“of course.”

Liu Chengwu nodded coolly and I continued speaking seriously.

“Besides that I would like to ask you to do everything in real life.”

“…huh?”

I nodded solemnly.

“I want you to take charge of reality. “While I look at my smartphone.”

“…hmm. “It’s a door.”

“yes.”

“So… let’s try another method using the smartphone?”

“yes.”

Liu Chengwu was silent for a moment and then opened his mouth.

“Well I don’t think you will but… in a case like this you should not forget that it will be more difficult if people find out that a member of the same team posted anonymously on the Internet.”

“…”

You didn’t think that would happen right? His face is full of doubt and concern.

I immediately shook my head.

“no. “I have no intention of posting anything on the Internet.”

“…?”

What I’m going to use is a different method.

I cracked my neck.

It’s not one person it’s a group.

Rather good.

“Because I’m not alone in this there are ways that work.”

I’m going to clean everything up before the comeback.

* * *

One afternoon in March.

An anonymous group message room.

-Angry Wapichi\: Today’s supply ends.

-Shameful Grape\: Thank you for your hard work

-Leo is happy\: ㅊㅊ

-Toasting Tubon\: It’s really amazing. Let’s do our best and do our best until the end haha.

-Angry Wapichi\: LOL.

Encouragement comes and goes as if you are working hard on a group assignment or team project.

However the moment you see the notice posted the average person will stop.

[At least one weekly resource for parental controversy is required! If the impact of the hit is insufficient it will be cut at the head of the room]

It’s not like there’s constant bickering or crazy nonsense plastered all over the room.

A strange sense of malice passes through ordinary conversation.

-Toasting Tubon\: I hope it becomes the #1 most popular post on the bulletin board as soon as possible. Please give me some firepower!

-Leo wearing sunglasses\: I will apply until the day my father retires…

-Leo is happy\: Hahahahaha

They are in harmony with each other.

This is because everyone shares similar emotions.

Because it was filtered out to receive only those people.

Since its creation this message room has only occasionally received people from remote anonymous bulletin boards in the large community where they originated or through secret SNS account connections.

A person who can keep up with the trivial old controversies and stories of that community.

If such people follow the correct answer they can find out the address.

It was filtered and filtered using a complex method so that people could only access it if they passed through all those awkward gateways.

And total anonymity was maintained.

As a result responsibilities were blurred and dispersed and the fun of wielding power and chatting with people who shared the same feelings became more fun.

A sense of belonging in a group.

Efficacy in influencing many people.

The fun and superiority of taking down a common enemy you hate.

– Happy Leo\: During Parent Fashion Week he pushed Cha Yujin down and rolled his eyes pretending not to be like that.

-Leo is happy\: It’s really cool but do you think the number of views will be good this time? (slow video)

A few newbies who came in quietly also joined in.

There is a series of reactions like overusing consonants laughing and being excited to somehow use more impressive and refreshing expressions.

And among them there is a newcomer from last night who naturally passes by.

-Happy Lion\: LOL

“…”

Moon-Dae Park.

Completed infiltration into anonymous KakaoTalk room.
