---
title: "Chapter 597"
category: "book"
index: 596
section: "Chapter 597"
slug: "597"
---

# Chapter 597

A rumor video slandering Sun Ah-hyun and even the production of provocative and cruel issue videos of other famous celebrities that will become the basis for it.

-Pale Grape\: Where did I get my parents’ nose done? The shape is different from when I was in middle school. Also I wonder how much it costs. (Photo)

-Leo wearing sunglasses\: Oh just looking at it it looks like it will collapse within 3 years.

-Tubone is happy\: If Byeong Ah-hyeon is psychological she must have regretted spending money on plastic surgery because she couldn’t play the Golden Spoon cosplay haha.

-Angry Wapichi\: Hmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.

‘Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk’ and laughing emoticons are rampant.

The people in the anonymous KakaoTalk room ended their day by just giggling without any tension or excitement. While chatting comfortably and happily.

And there is a real person quietly staring at it.

“…”

Moon-Dae Park.

“…So you’re in that room now?”

“yes.”

Liu Chengwu was speechless for a moment.

Of course Park Moon-dae had no history of being deeply active in the remote community where only the most twisted antis of Sun Ah-hyeon gathered.

‘How can you function if you go all the way to that point and monitor it?’

So how could you access their anonymous KakaoTalk room?

It’s simple.

Anyone could do it.

‘Just search and find it.’

It was something he was particularly familiar with.

When he was Ryu Geon-woo he never felt a sense of belonging or wanted to be active in the idol community. He just wanted to sell the data at the market price.

Therefore we tried to understand only the core atmosphere and flow within it as much as possible from the outside and of course we developed the ability to obtain only that as quickly as possible.

‘That’s search.’

And now after living as a monitoring idol for about 7 years that ability has become persistent and accurate.

Park Mun-dae rubbed his chin and twisted his mouth.

There are ways to find things that aren’t included in search engines.

‘These are people who use sites that don’t even have a feature that prevents them from being searched.’

There was no need to be that picky.

Of course Sun Ah-hyun’s anti-rumor generators also had brains. This means that they routinely carry out their own ‘search prevention’ measures.

Whenever they posted twisted keywords hints about what they were doing and chat room addresses they were deleted shortly after.

But untrained people leave traces everywhere.

Especially if it is a computerized Internet.

‘It’s an emotional thing but of course loopholes emerge.’

-When I see kids who swear by their parents’ names because they are pretty I think they got shot in the head.

└ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

└Seonah 1Hyeonㅋㅋㅋ Isn’t it embarrassing to suck on the name that will appear in

Something like this.

‘I mentioned your name.’

Once the derogatory nickname they gave to Sun Ah-hyun is revealed the search can be considered half-finished.

“Still such posts are usually deleted.”

“Even if they delete it the search engine saves it.”

“…!”

Even if a page is deleted search engines cache the contents of the page on their servers for a certain period of time.

Kindly so that the searcher can see at least past records.

‘I’ve been doing this with Sun Ah-hyun for about half a year so the cache storage period hasn’t even ended… ’

“You just need to focus on that area.”

Then it comes out.

like this.

-No address in Okabang? Haha.

└Solve the problem here (link)

Of course there were already many links that were not accessible. The first three page caches he found were all busted.

But if you search persistently…

‘there is.’

Live links are also bound to appear.

And it is easier to find the answer to the ‘keyword problem that only we can know’ which we decided to filter out in our own way.

‘The psychology of these bastards is obvious.’

Just from his perspective he thought ‘This is really complicated! I was just satisfied with the thought ‘You won’t find anyone who isn’t us.’

But there is nothing that cannot be found if you search for it.

‘There are keywords in the question as well.’

So if you change the page address a few times.

-… okay.

Moon-Dae Park started by purchasing the machine and extracted the address in 13 hours of basic work.

So… he can now access the rumor-positive group chat room using his personal computers.

Park Moon-dae finished his quick recollection and shrugged his shoulders.

“If you do it anyone can do it in one day.”

“…”

‘That can’t be possible.’

Of course like a person with good composure Liu Qingwu steadily suppressed the urge to refute.

However I cautiously opened my mouth about other topics after considering them a few times.

“Mundae. Still I have to get out of there quickly. “I don’t think it would be safe if I used your phone number to get in here.”

“ah.”

It’s a personal issue.

Idols have also had vicious stalkers who even extract smartphone usage records.

However I didn’t know what would happen the moment it was revealed to someone that member Park Moon-dae was directly in Sun Ah-hyun’s rumor-generating chat room.

Liu Chengwu tried to slightly narrow his eyebrows in anticipation of the quickly forming outline but…

“it’s okay. “It was created by obtaining a virtual number through an app.”

“…?!”

“I got the American one… Anyway.”

Park Moon-dae did not explain in more depth.

He nodded as if to just know that there is a way to everything.

‘It’s my personal image so of course I have to protect it.’

It was the most important.

“…”

“And this room will stay here for a few more days.”

“…Aren’t you going to capture it and publish it online?”

No I don’t post directly on the internet…

Park Moon-dae briefly looked shocked as if he had failed to gain Ryu Cheong-woo’s trust but then shrugged his shoulders.

“That’s because such public deliberation is not as effective as expected.”

-A chat room where antis of famous celebrities gather and plot a plot is now open!

…is something that happens so often that hard-core Internet users get tired of it.

There were many people who said they were sick of it.

‘The chances of it being treated as a fight between fandoms and buried are quite high.’

It’s not irritating.

Well it’s not easy for the public to be able to handle something like that let alone a day or two.

Besides that also applies to the people in this anonymous KakaoTalk room.

We’ve already seen this happen many times so the leak was somewhat expected so it won’t be a big hit.

‘In fact they will become closer together.’

The thought of being persecuted only intensifies their antipathy and immersion so they may band together and do crazy things.

In order to avoid that… a more delicate method was needed.

To uproot it.

‘Let’s see… ’

Moon-Dae Park watched this chat room for about a day and came up with a list.

-Angry Wapichi\: Haha upload completed

From the looks of it this guy was the owner of the Cyber Rekka account.

-Leo is happy\: Just die lol

This kid was the loudest and loudest.

Besides that we have finished understanding the flow.

“You just have to wait a little bit.”

After looking with satisfaction at Ryu Cheong-wu who quietly closed his mouth he turned his attention back to the anonymous KakaoTalk room on the screen.

‘The foundation has been laid.’

Now let’s go in.

He raised his hand and took out the first piece of rice cake.

* * *

The group chat room entered a brief lull after ‘Today’s Quantity’ ended.

– Toasting Tubon\: I’m so angry because of my parents that I can’t get my hands on thingsㅠ Why does that kind of pretense work… It’s unfairㅠㅠ

└Joyed Leo\: An idea for you like that. Process and money are the triggers these days.

-Leo is happy\: Seon Ah-hyeon ballet principal &lt;-Is this something that is being done in a way that involves getting involved with the parents and giving them money? Honestly there is a real possibility.

└Angry Wapichi\: Oh good

└Toasting Tubon\: Haha wow!

Amidst the profiles that comfortably and cheerfully express absurd feelings of inferiority and malice a slightly ponderous article creeps up.

quietly.

-Happy Lion\: But I don’t know if I can upload this.

It was a new person who came in a few days ago.

-Pale Tubon\: ?

-Shameful Grape\: Tell me what it is

Then the profile that had been hesitating appeared in the chat.

-Happy Lion\: (Capture)

This is the Cyber Wrecka account they run.

This is a WeTube video posted 2 or 3 years before the owner started running this channel in earnest.

[The geography of the dancing prince is class testa Seon Ah-hyeon]

Praising Sun Ah-hyun.

-Happy Lion\: This is it.

For a moment the group chat room became cold.

But things were quickly resolved.

-Angry Wapichi\: No problem.

-Angry Wapichi\: I hated making that lol.

-Shameful Grape\: Ughkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-Pale Tubon\: This is recognition.

The happy Lion answered obediently.

-Happy Lion\: Yes.

-Happy Lion\: I was wondering if it was for another purpose and I made a mistake;

-Shameful Maintenance\: What is the purpose?

-Happy Lion\: I wonder if you are working here to promote other groups or members… Or is it really for commercial purposes?

-Angry Wapichi\: ?

-Angry Wapichi\: Wow I feel bad.

No matter how anonymous it was there was conflict there.

‘It won’t go back without me right?’

‘Angry Wapichi’ who runs the account himself confidently poured out his anger on ‘Happy Lion’ and tried to deal with it by labeling him as a Buntang squire.

‘I’m the head of the room!’

It was a time when I was about to feel the taste of power that could only be used here.

-Angry Tubon\: ?? This is a bit ridiculous

-Angry Tubon\: It’s true that you’re doing it for the money haha.

“…!!”

Suddenly other newcomers started running wild.

-Angry Wapichi\: Knock out the trouble maker

-Angry Tubon\: Haha I’m getting kicked out.

-Angry Tubon\: With that number of views I would earn a ridiculous amount of about 1500 a month but they didn’t even mention it to the people who actually work here.

Fifteen million won!

At that moment people watching the chat flinched.

I vaguely thought that this would make a profit. But hearing the specific amount gave me a different feeling.

Don’t you even have a stake in making that money? That’s how they started the Sun Ah-hyun rumor!

It was a large amount of money that was close enough to naturally and quickly lead to greed.

-Angry Tubon\: I thought everything was agreed upon but it seems that wasn’t the case.

And one additional word.

-Angry Tubon\: Happy Leo? This person really takes charge and does everything. I feel sorry for him.

‘…’

And ‘Angry Tubon’ seemed to have said all he had to say and stopped chatting.

No he disappeared from the chat room.

-‘Angry Tubon’ left the chat room.

It was belatedly that ‘Angry Wapichi’ forced him out.

But instead it was a handshake.

It felt like I was being stabbed and my mouth was being covered.

-…

A silence where no one posts a chat.

‘Oh fuck.’

However Cyber Rekka did not open its mouth to explain.

Of course it was a shame to let go of such a large sum of money.

Why would he operate a Cyber Rekka account in his own name?

‘Because it’s a lot of money!’

Other people may not know this but for him ruining Sun Ah-hyun was more of a side hobby.

It is a truly exhilarating experience to see a rich and proud bastard become X in my hands but that is not everything.

The data coming from this free manpower was more important.

‘You can’t try to appease this here and then continue talking about sharing the profits!’

If you distribute all these people whose nose will you put it on?

‘I tried to avoid it and make excuses to crush it… ’

It had to happen somehow.

So I reacted like this instead.

-Angry Wapichi\: This is really ridiculous haha…

-Angry Wapichi\: Don’t contact me for a while.

-Shameful Grapes\: ㅠㅠ

Then several people joined in as if to comfort them. They were people who were emotionally dependent on this place and were unable to make good judgments.

‘it’s okay!’

But it was too early a relief.

Of course his shamelessly angry attitude had negative effects.

-Leo is delighted\: Wait a minute

-Leo is happy\: Let’s talk a little more about what I said before and then go.

‘…!’

The other person’s sarcasm was offended.

-Angry Wapichi\: What do you mean?

-Leo is happy\: We almost thought of volunteering.

-Leo is happy\: I think it’s time to talk about making a profit.

‘Fuck you!’

The account holder gritted his teeth.

What kind of word like volunteering is used to create celebrity rumors? They do it to their heart’s content because it’s fun but they take all the risks themselves!

It was when he was seething with anger.

-Happy Lion\: Why don’t you calm down a little and explain a little for Leo’s sake…

-Toasting Tubon\: ㅠㅠAgree

“…Huh?”

Explanation?

‘no… ’

I couldn’t believe they would dare question me. This is just common idiots who are nothing if they don’t have their own WeTube account and are attacking people pretending not to be greedy for money.

‘All the crazy people rolled their eyes… ’

His pride was greatly hurt and he was nervous that his profits would be taken away so his eyes rolled back.

-Angry Wapichi\: What is the explanation? It’s really funny to see people being cornered.

It was that moment.

-Leo is happy\: Wow is that money really a waste?

Pop.

Cyber Wrecka’s hair eventually turned white and he began tapping on the keyboard.

Like when he insulted Sun Ah-hyun.

-Angry Wapichi\: You’re a bastard

-Angry Wapichi\: Eter you’re trying to kill Sun Ah-hyun by sucking that fucking idiot.

“…!!”

expose!

Just like that the group chat room began to descend into chaos and dog fighting.

Money betrayal sniping from all directions!

-Joyed Leo\: Does it matter who I like? Haha there must be Cha Yu-jin’s group and Park Moon-dae’s group. Haha toasting grapes too? This guy sucks.

-‘Cheers Grapes’ has left the chat room.

There is no one to say ‘Let’s restrain ourselves from this and do our best’ which is a natural part of a healthy community.

It was created because there was no such person in the first place.

The acts of cursing questioning and sniping at each other continue like that.

Dozens of chats were uploaded and after a lot of activity we ended up here.

-Angry Wapichi\: I don’t know but if you tease me you can just leave haha.

In the middle of all the chaos ‘Happy Lion’ disappeared from the chat without saying a word and quietly returned to his position as a spectator.

‘hmm.’

Park Moon-dae lifted his fingers and looked at the group chat room being destroyed with satisfaction.

‘That’s it.’

destruction.

Next to him there was another air system that had already been removed from all chat rooms.

The open profile said ‘Angry Tubon’.

* * *

A few days later.

[We are reporting the creepy behavior of a cyber Wrecka account targeting Sun Ah-hyun (325)]

Sun Ah-hyun’s anti-group chat room was destroyed.

In addition some people who were offended by Cyber Rekka’s sarcasm even moved the target of their revenge from Sun Ah-hyeon to there.

So they took it into their own hands and made it public destroying the opportunity to unite again.

“Now all we have to do is hand over the materials and quietly sue them one by one.”

“…”

Data Pal continues to win!
