---
title: "Chapter 598"
category: "book"
index: 597
section: "Chapter 598"
slug: "598"
---

# Chapter 598

I read the exposé with satisfaction.

The birth and destruction of the Sun Ah-hyun rumor creation room were summarized in a very impactful way.

‘It’s only natural that one of the guys in the room wrote it down himself.’

It seems that the techniques he developed when creating the Sun Ah-hyun rumor were poured into this with even more anger than before.

-Still these days Sun Ah-hyun’s strange shorts have been on the rise and it’s these people that give me goosebumps.

-I also run a subcontract factory at Wrecka Garbage.

└What kind of subcontract are the haters swearing at? That’s a more shady piece of trash than Rekka that makes money.

-It’s a pit of dog waste with all kinds of evil dogs so it’s funny that they only criticize Wrecka.

└Did you get a Rekka account?

I don’t know because it’s anonymous but it seems like they are also in the mix but it was really shit to see them picking on each other.

I leaned back comfortably in my chair.

What was more important was that they raised it themselves rather than that the public discussion itself was effective.

Because it’s the end.

‘Now these guys will never get together again.’

Then cursing and creating rumors won’t be fun because it won’t be as comfortable and effective as before. I’ll just stop withering.

And there may be people who go out of their minds and join other groups again and do stupid things…

‘Before that get the complaint first.’

All you have to do is sue him without saying a word before he gets offended.

hmm. That’s neat.

I nodded and then looked back at Liu Chengyu who was quietly looking at the screen with me.

it serves him right. I don’t post anything on the internet.

They all self-destruct on their own.

“…Mundae. “Can you tell me how this happened?”

That’s it.

I shrugged.

“They are people who gathered for the fun of criticizing idols they have never met in the first place.”

“yes.”

“Then we can easily swear at each other. “Because they have a great sense of victimization and lack patience and self-control.”

It’s easy to collapse because there are people who risk their lives to bring down others just because they feel bad.

It allows you to bite the most senior and successful person in the group.

‘Even so it’s just a cyber wreck… ’

In any case it is because of their own hierarchical relationship.

I muttered contentedly.

“If I was alone it would have been more difficult but since there were a lot of people it seemed like it happened quickly.”

“…”

Cyber Wrecka who is now left alone will not upload the Sun Ah-hyun rumor video. Because she doesn’t want to do good things to the Sun Ah-hyun antis who attacked her.

Although the people in that room might react a bit harshly to the issue of celebrities they said they liked.

For example… me.

‘I might get a little angry… ’

“…”

Actually I had a rough guess.

According to statistics there is a high probability that there is a malicious personal fan of someone related to Sun Ah-hyun in that room.

And considering the situation of Testa who is not very close to other groups it is most likely that they are members of the same group.

So it’s not strange. That’s true but…

‘He’d rather criticize me for not being able to please him properly.’

I don’t know why the antipathy shifted towards Sun Ah-hyun. It tasted a bit bitter.

‘…Anyway.’

Let’s come back to Cyber Wrecker.

Now no matter how much he runs WeTube alone. The quantity and quality will be lower than when several people do it.

‘If it was like that from the beginning everyone would know that it’s not fun like a ghost.’

Soon the number of views will plummet and it will not be selected by the algorithm so it will go out of business.

That’s how it ends.

“Cyber Wrecka will disappear even before we file a lawsuit. “Because there is no money.”

“…”

“So the idea was that if I sue slowly it would be completed.”

Liu Qingyu’s face became mysterious for a moment but soon became calm again. And he nodded as if he understood.

‘Are you really convinced?’

Is this because he persistently carried out rumor monitoring when he returned from vacation which he didn’t really want to do and brought in the Sun Ah-hyun rumor?

‘It feels a bit cheap.’

I think Ryu Cheong-woo is thinking ‘Why didn’t I do this well in steer?’ for no reason.

So I finally figured it out and added the following.

“Actually I’ve seen how these people move many times before and made a rough prediction.”

“before?”

“…You said that when you were Ryu Geon-woo you took pictures of idols and sold them. “That’s it.”

“ah.”

Ryu Cheong-woo let out a small laugh as if he remembered the time when I said something embarrassingly like ‘What kind of person was I before Park Moon-dae?’

“that’s right. I remember. “My brother said that.”

Are you coming?

“But it’s a door.”

why.

“That… doesn’t seem like there’s that much of a connection?”

“…?”

What are you talking about?

Liu Chengyu sat next to him.

“Originally you knew… um did all the people who sell idol data do this like you? “Like digging up rumor videos.”

“…”

I thought briefly.

“That’s not it.”

“yes?”

Those guys are just… business bastards.

Rather than worrying about such detailed market trends he would have preferred to follow the schedule of a popular idol and catch up to the airport to get one more ticket.

‘But I’m an aspiring civil servant and the job was both a part-time job… and actually a hobby.’

I just skimmed a little to read the flow of the idol version in order to make a little more money without the risk of being red-lined for violating the idol’s privacy.

“The difference is experience and environment.”

But Liu Chengwu shook his head.

“I don’t think so.”

“…!”

“This is just something my brother has… um. Should I call it aptitude? “I think it’s a specialty and a strength.”

He looked at the air instruments I used for this job.

After handing over all of the captured content to the company the devices had been formatted twice and were now stored on a bookshelf.

Things I haven’t let go of for these few days.

“There’s the issue of ability but the average person can’t do this much for their team members. “Having to look for words that are difficult to find for over 10 hours… is not as easy as you think.”

“…”

Liu Chengwu grabbed my shoulder.

And patted it gently.

“It was a difficult method for companies to use but you were able to solve it by stepping forward.”

And he said it seriously.

“It was really hard. And… you did really well.”

“…!”

It is a firm and sincere compliment.

I was speechless for a moment.

I never expected to hear Gong Chi-sa so directly and resolutely.

To be honest I thought Ryu Cheong-wu would be shocked. Actually I thought I had that kind of reaction this time too.

Actually I didn’t handle it fairly but I infiltrated anonymously among those guys and secretly created a rift between them.

As for me the other person is acting like X anyway so I’m just being cautious that if it’s not inhumane why use any means?

‘If it were Ryu Cheong-woo around the time of his Testa debut… ’

Some words of admonishment would have been added before or after such as ‘Still it would be better to refrain from doing such dangerous things.’

‘Because he’s a guy with clear lines.’

But this guy who even remembers his experience as a steer… didn’t do that.

It ended with just a cool compliment.

He’s still a healthy relaxed and mentally strong guy… but I guess I should say that the standard for judging values has changed a bit.

Strangely the range of the line was distorted.

It’s more honest colder and a bit extreme.

‘…’

But the funny thing is that this episode is more similar to my values.

So to be honest… I didn’t feel bad about this situation.

Is it possible to feel bad when someone sincerely acknowledges a problem that one has worked hard to solve?

‘I can’t say why you only praise me.’

It’s not like I’m arguing.

In the end I hesitated and answered like this.

“…Thank you.”

“what.”

The guy smiled and took his hand off my shoulder.

It was good up to that point.

Until the next word is said.

“But there’s no need to tell Ahyeon.”

“…!”

“Things were handled well. I don’t think there’s any need to tell someone that they did this because they hate that kid. “It could just lower morale for no reason.”

“…”

hmm.

I was already worried but you gave me time to say something.

I didn’t show a straight face.

Instead he hit the guy on the back.

“Since when did you start thinking so much?”

“…!”

“Whenever you tell me not to think too much and just talk comfortably.”

I’ll take it back to ancient times.

I patted him on the back again and then grinned.

“Ahyun probably isn’t that weak-hearted. “Just have some faith.”

Look.

* * *

That evening.

“…so. “The complaint is in progress.”

“I see…”

I sat Sun Ah-hyun down and gave her a concise explanation of ‘How did you start your rumor-mongering period?’

The guy is nodding his head intently listening to my story without protesting.

He didn’t seem that shocked.

‘I knew so.’

However there is an important point here.

‘You just have to go with the clear premise that those rumor-mongers didn’t necessarily hate her because she was Sun Ah-hyun.’

This is because Sun Ah-hyun is somewhat afraid of being hated by those around her for doing something wrong or not doing well.

The point is that you need to be fully aware that they are just a bunch of guys who have fun disliking someone without any legitimate reason or incident to dislike you.

As long as you keep that.

Surprisingly this guy is resistant to indiscriminate criticism. It is not easy to get hit by some kind of bullying and break down.

And as expected Sun Ah-hyun accepted the situation gently.

“I’m telling you this in advance because I’m afraid you’ll be embarrassed when the news comes out later that they’ve been sued.”

“Ugh.”

Sun Ah-hyun nodded vigorously once more and added as if she had finally figured it out.

“So Mundae was constantly looking at new smartphones.”

“…”

That’s correct.

“Oh Moon Dae and Chungwoo did something like that… But you didn’t even open your mouth to the other members and told them only after everything was taken care of. Can I use the word ‘talk in advance’…?”

“…”

But why is this guy who is not even a party to the party meddling from the side?

“I’m kidding!”

Big Se-jin grinned and sat down between me and Sun Ah-hyeon.

“It’s not like Moon University took the risk of handling it all on its own… I think they did it brilliantly because they were confident right?”

That is also correct.

“Then I should praise you first. Oh my Mundae is amazing! “That’s cool!”

“Stop it.”

“I don’t like it~”

I clenched my fists.

Then Seon Ah-hyun who was raising her hand like Keun Se-jin quickly noticed and lowered her hand.

“…”

“Do it.”

“Ugh!”

The guy laughed.

“Thank you Mundae…!”

“Honestly companies aren’t as good as Mundae!”

I could see trust in their eyes. To be honest I thought I would hear some criticism but I only heard good things about Ryu Cheng-wu so…

Let me tell you it felt pretty good.

‘hmm.’

I will accept this lump hug as it is not summer.

I endured palms hitting my back and head.

Ryu Cheong-woo who was watching this added.

“But since the person involved is Ahyeon if you don’t want to sue now you can stop.”

“Oh no! I will do it. Because… if I don’t do it those people might be mean to others again.”

“…okay.”

Liu Chengyu smiled faintly as if he was a little relieved.

“If it bothers you tell me anytime. “Ahyeon.”

“yes…! But. I’m not that worried…! “It’s not true and everyone says they don’t believe it.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled brightly.

“And this is how I heard it explained.”

“…okay.”

Liu Chengwu nodded.

The look that seemed cool or a little lost in thought quickly disappeared.

‘Is it all sorted out?’

Not long after he was skillfully tearing apart Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin who were fighting again.

From what I heard it looks like a fight broke out over asking Cha Yu-jin’s older brother for advice on some English lyrics.

“Raebin Kim! I’m good at English too! “I don’t need Ethan!”

“The vocabulary I use feels different!”

For your information Bae Se-jin is out on a promotional schedule related to &lt;The Doll Hunter&gt;.

The drama which was a huge hit overseas again this season was constantly having new schedules which was draining the guy’s stamina.

‘Exercise.’

That’s the only answer. I will not continue to stop Ryu Cheng-wu from dragging Bae Se-jin to the luggage.

Anyway whatever.

‘Well… it’s going according to plan again.’

I nodded as I looked at the dormitory that had regained its stability.

However it didn’t last long.

This is because a big event that will sweep away all these petty thoughts will hit me in the back.

That evening. An emergency message comes in from the company.

“…VTIC won’t make a comeback in June.”

-… yes.

“…”

‘Fuck really.’

The head… doesn’t give me a chance to rest.

As I closed my eyes I heard Big Sejin’s voice.

“teacher! “I’m sorry but this means that the VTIC seniors will be coming sooner rather than in June right?”

-First of all the story has already been reported in the media… Unless there is a sudden change in schedule yes.

Gulp.

The employee shouted swallowing his saliva nervously in the midst of a disaster in the middle of the night.

-That’s right the May fix!

“…”

There was only one sentence that filled my head at that moment.

‘X done.’

“Please wait a moment! Then… VTIC seniors’ comeback will be within 1 to 2 weeks of our comeback.”

So that is.

As soon as she got home from work Bae Se-jin’s face went blank after being struck by lightning and then she muttered as if she realized something.

“It’s the same as when we debuted.”

“…!”

“Yes! that’s right!”

At that time Testa and VTIC released albums almost at the same time and their activities overlapped.

However one thing is the opposite.

“Back then we went in a week late.”

“uh. Testa went in with a bite.”

I remember how we managed to match the score and win first place on the airwaves.

I pressed my eyebrows.

‘…Are you saying you’re going to give it back in the same way?’

In this case VTIC will take flight using the head of Testa whose firepower has weakened after the initial period as a stepping stone.

It explodes a topic that has been dormant for 18 months.

“…Would it be better if we postponed it and hit June?”

“It’s still breathtaking. And… you know. marketing.”

“ah.”

Big Sejin wiggled his eyebrows and nodded.

Due to the schedule of ‘marketing content’ brought in this time it was almost impossible to postpone it to June.

“Then we have to start with marketing…”

“no.”

“yes.”

Moreover if we barely make it to June and go in behind VTIC our name and weight class will not be in a rising position but our image will be damaged.

Then fuck this…

“…”

“…”

“Should I make a bet with Moon Dae-moon University’s VTIC senior to make him come back later…?”

“I don’t know if something like that will work.”

“Yeah… I just tried it too.”

The moment when obvious words are exchanged.

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand.

“Just release it! I am confident in the album we made! What matters is it’s real. “If you’re strong you can win.”

“…!”

“Raebin Kim aren’t you confident in our song?”

“Of course there is! But when you guys are worried like that it’s too easy to say…”

“no. “I agree.”

Bae Se-jin came in.

“When it’s time to go to the military you go. It doesn’t matter if you don’t get the cultural medal. “It’s okay to go this year.”

“brother…”

Liu Chengyu looked around and then back at me.

“I heard that’s true?”

“…”

Are you coming?

“Honestly… I’m also confident in this album.”

“…!”

“I am more confident in pushing ahead rather than changing the schedule and ruining the content based on what my competitors think.”

“…then?”

I twisted my mouth when I saw Gae

good night.

Come in and have a look.

“Let’s go as scheduled.”

And after some time.

The intro was released as planned.

[TeSTAR ‘Intro\: Sunset’ Comeback Trailer]

A cut of Sun Ah-hyun’s gorgeous face holding a parasol staring through the lens filled the screen.

It was a powerful thumbnail.
