---
title: "Chapter 599"
category: "book"
index: 598
section: "Chapter 599"
slug: "599"
---

# Chapter 599

“after.”

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan or rather this fan who has a strong affection for the group as well.

She moved to her PC after seeing the Testa WiTube account upload notification that appeared in front of her.

My fingernails clicked against the mouse.

As always during comeback times anxious anticipation pierced my heart.

‘Kim Rae-bin already appeared in the solo intro once before so it would be impossible to do it again… Oh I don’t know. ‘Do it for me!’

Isn’t it natural that the guy who made the food knows how to eat properly and the guy who made the song would express it best?

Moreover it was a really important time. She who was sticking to her attitude of ‘I don’t know everything just please let Kim Rae-bin do well’ felt it firsthand.

Because… there were subtle indicators coming out.

‘The number of followers of the named translation account almost tripled.’

For reference the translation account here was not an account that converted English to Korean but an account that translated Korean activities into English.

In other words the number of foreigners wanting to check out Testa’s news has increased.

Global demand was especially close to an indicator of fan growth.

Even now it’s tour season.

The fact that metallurgy and metallurgy increased so much even though it was not a proper activity period… meant that there was more latent demand that had not yet been revealed.

‘I heard that foreign kids who took interest in the tour and went all the way back to Testa’s activities and created accounts.’

Just by looking at my SNS timeline I could feel some movement.

That created a strange sense of tension even among fans.

I feel like the timing has come.

In fact Testa has clearly built up elements that will appeal overseas and has achieved results.

Starting with &lt;127 Section&gt; game collaboration movie participation entertainment… Because each major piece of content had a global incentive and charm.

Thanks to this Testa’s overseas fandom is no longer lacking compared to his weight class.

However there has never been a case that exploded so hotly that it completely wiped out the issue.

-Ah… I think this is only one point of difference!

If there was no possibility at all it seemed like I would never know so somehow it felt even more tantalizing. It’s frustrating for no reason.

In that sense this is what fans felt the moment they saw that this tour was receiving rave reviews from global critics and spreading word of mouth.

-This… If I do it well it will explode right?

Because it wasn’t a baseless reaction.

In the first place it would not have been possible for Testa to gain the image of a ‘conceptual singer-songwriter group making unique attempts’ through the tour without the content they have steadily accumulated.

It also meant that efforts to equally satisfy both overseas and domestic audiences were not in vain.

This made even her a little nervous.

‘No… If I’m doing this the All Fans will already be drinking their fill of kimchi soup.’

Originally I would have been worried that if Testa became more popular overseas they would naturally neglect their domestic activities and focus on concerts and other things…

‘Well unless the company suddenly takes over I guess that won’t happen?’

Surprisingly even individual fans with somewhat extreme tendencies like her were no longer concerned about that.

Now not only are they not part of T1 who are so rich but can’t do their jobs the chances of that happening are even lower as the guys who were trying to create content even when they were part of T1 have gone independent.

So I was always attracted to doing better here.

‘Considering that I almost lost my mind during Epic due to people saying I lost my original intention and all that… do well.’

Testa has been active non-stop for several years.

I hope this group can really explode like crazy this time rather than languishing or ending up as a dud.

“…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan hoped for something a little sentimental without even realizing it.

“Oh what!”

Immediately after that I got sick of it and pretended it wasn’t the case and got out.

‘Let’s see the intro!’

And I accessed the Internet militantly but…

I saw something I didn’t want to see.

-All VTIC members are temporarily discharged… ‘Return to work at this moment.’

“Ahh! seed”

He was a VTIC discharged engineer.

Idols who won the grand prize and the Billboard award were discharged together as a group on schedule? Naturally it was receiving public attention.

-He came to bring discipline to loose K-pop.

-You guys are crazy for meeting your discharge date… I can feel the venom up to this point (this is a compliment)

-Guys I heard about 18 months of savings.

VTIC has not yet announced the exact comeback date to the media only mentioning that they will ‘see you soon’.

However everyone predicted that it would come out within this year.

‘It’s a show.’

She wiggled her eyebrows saying that if she had that much time she should just move to the company.

Anyway after taking another deep breath.

“after.”

The moment I was about to watch Testa’s intro music video as I had originally intended…

This time I came across a short spoiler on social media.

‘No ha.’

About the main characters in the intro.

-This intro is Seon Ah-hyeon and;ㄴ

“…”

‘Was it him?’

I also didn’t give it to Raebin Kim.

Promoting Kim Raebin and doing old school hip hop or making money is the shortcut to becoming a global loser but you idiots don’t know how to taste it.

Raebin Kim’s personal fan tapped the PC in a bit of annoyance.

“eww.”

Now out of frustration I was thinking of leaning back and just quickly looking at it and moving on.

But the moment I look at the thumbnail.

“…”

She too was momentarily speechless.

A moon-like face floats brightly against a background of clear and cloudy flowers and grass.

Rays of light seeped through the gap between the parasol he was holding and were scattered around his cheeks chin and eyes.

So even the slightly lowered eyelids are very elegant… There is no such thing as a famous painting.

It was an aesthetic that could seduce even Sun Ah-hyun who is not particularly fond of it.

‘The face… acknowledges it.’

Irritability is gone

She finally hit the play button.

Then a landscape filled the screen in front of me.

“…!”

A spring day’s garden or nature elegant and bathed in light unfolded as enchantingly as an impressionist painter’s landscape.

Butterflies and birdsong.

[Toutes les couleurs ont ton nom.]

Through the gap a narration written in French whispered like a song.

Accompaniment comes in slowly.

And subtitles.

-ALL THE COLORS

HAVE YOUR NAME.

The white text soon disappeared and the beautiful background shimmered like a watercolor painting again.

Eventually a tall dancer wearing a white costume breaks through the static colors alone.

‘ah.’

This is Sun Ah-hyun.

Wearing a costume that looked somewhere between a dance uniform and slacks he crouched down and then stood up with steps that drew elegant lines.

And open your mouth.

[Morning glory

Everything is dyed purple

I smell it

I can’t stop shaking]

The arms and legs moved nimbly and gracefully to the ends of the limbs drawing a circle.

“…”

All of that movement spread across the screen at a dramatic and perfect angle.

A solo dance in the light.

[My blue is gone

I’m not sad anymore

That blue bird is you]

An overwhelming sense of artistry as if a famous painting came to life.

The screen was filled with a feast of all kinds of colors like the lyrics that delicately recall the rainbow colors of the prism one by one.

And the pure white Sun Ah-hyun boasted a surprisingly eye-catching presence yet seemed to melt into the scene.

So much so that I can’t refute why Sun Ah-hyun appears in the intro.

[From green to gold

My feelings are ripening

With all your times]

Sun Ah-hyun stretched out to the square of the screen her fingertips shaking slightly and gently pulled her arm.

Then at the tip of that finger someone’s hand comes into the screen…

‘uh?’

What appeared beyond Sun Ah-hyun’s clasped hands was the black ballerina’s hand.

Sun Ah-hyun gently held the ballerina and danced the pas de deux together.

however…

[Until your cheeks turn red]

Breathe together

I keep meeting you And then Eden]

“…”

‘It’s crazy.’

A black ballerina moving with Sun Ah-hyun.

That wasn’t a person.

It was a mannequin with delicately connected joints on a black torso.

Sun Ah-hyun was able to pull off the recoil of the joints with only her own strength and technique and performed it as if it were a pair dance.

From penche to pirouette.

Like lovers.

[Your last color is]

The screen which looked like Monet’s painting on a sunny day gradually became more red and more colorful and emotional as the song progressed.

And the climax.

The angle of the camera gradually moves sideways along with the dancer’s movements.

Before we know it Seon Ah-hyun standing in front of the water is moving.

[in the Sunset]

Carefully and sincerely.

Sun Ah-hyeon slightly raised her feet above the water.

And then without hesitation he takes steps gliding across the lake.

“…!!”

[Red is yours

your color your name]

Explosive dramatic and beautiful chords rang harmoniously in my ears.

The mountains and wild flowers on the other side of the lake shook.

Red sunlight poured into the water.

[It’s dazzling than the morning

Come and kiss me]

Wherever my feet touched a parabola formed and the sunset shimmered.

Sun Ah-hyun danced passionately on the water with a torso dangling a disheveled bouquet of flowers.

[(Red is yours)

The sun sets

Even when the moonlight falls

[With unforgettable colors]

And this is where the thumbnail scene appears.

‘ah.’

Sun Ah-hyeon gently put her hand under the water and took out a stick wrapped in a white cloth.

Parasol right away.

However it is not for your own use but for politely putting it on your torso.

He gracefully opened the parasol splashing water droplets and tilted it towards the torso in his arms.

And even wrapping his large hands around the waist of the torso.

It gave off a strange sexual tension and a thrilling feeling.

But the song continues to be clear and neat.

[Red is yours

your color your name]

To the other side of the water.

Sun Ah-hyun continued her elegant and passionate dance with the torso even using a parasol as part of her spectacular movements.

And before we knew it we arrived at the end of the lake.

[U-Um u-Umm]

Now Sun Ah-hyun’s feet on the darkening ground are captured on the screen.

He walked gently and arrived at a hill covered with petals.

There is a close-up of the middle of the hill.

The white coffin.

“…”

Sun Ah-hyun placed the parasol on top of the torso politely and delicately.

Then smiling they enter the open coffin together and close the lid.

Before the sun sets.

thud.

The screen turns black without sound.

And the narration that murmurs.

-Les rêves ne finissent jamais.

Eventually the black screen splits. And light came down from between them.

Beyond the open field of view boys in casual clothes looked at Sun Ah-hyeon with smiles.

They are members.

Relaxed faces as if they were smiling and talking on a daily basis.

-Comme une chanson d’amour.

Park Moon-dae stretched out his hand and helped Seon A-hyeon up.

Before you know it he too is wearing casual clothes.

[did you sleep well?]

[huh.]

Sun Ah-hyun stood up.

And the back of them walking together is captured leisurely with a soft accompaniment…

Until it suddenly escalated.

[in the Sunset-]

The moment the accompaniment reaches its peak.

Tuk.

Something black falls to the side and covers the screen.

“…!”

It was a black torso with a parasol.

“…”

That’s how the video ended.

[♪♪♩- ♬♩♪♪-]

Kim Rae-bin’s fan stayed still for a moment while listening to the song’s chorus melody that played along with the ending credits.

This intro stimulates the five senses.

“…that.”

And then I realized.

It wasn’t just the fans who were giving this album a lot of anticipation and tension.

I knew their singer too.

‘I made up my mind.’

It was clear that he had put all his energy and time into it.

Kim Rae-bin’s fans squeezed their hands as they watched the intro which came out with such charm and perfection that it was hard to tell how long the song had been in preparation.

“…let’s go fuck it!”

Excitement and anticipation rose.

To the extent that something resembling a sense of duty that she had never had before dwelled in her heart.

‘If they brought the intro like this how on earth did they come up with the title!’

She laughed with energy as she watched the reactions flooding social media and the community.

But after some time.

-Mimimiㅣchin this

“…?!”

Something happened that none of the fans could have imagined.

One night.

A video was suddenly released.

But it wasn’t Testa’s video.

[VTIC – ‘Serpent’ Official M/V Teaser 1]

“…!!”

The thumbnail shows a handsome man with a sharp look sitting on a marble chair with his bare back and looking back.

It was Sinnoh.

And the concept…

-Hey it’s just one night.

-Ah the kids who laughed wearing crazy knitwear like thisㅠㅠ

Afterlife.

It was VTIC’s debut concept.

They have intensely reprized their first concept by grinding it to the limit.

-A poisonous legend…

“Hey you crazy…”

A typhoon has begun.
