---
title: "Chapter 602"
category: "book"
index: 601
section: "Chapter 602"
slug: "602"
---

# Chapter 602

I will tear up all team members and divide them into 4 teams!

Tea Holic who made an unconventional declaration really spoke well.

“Originally we were going to come up with an ambiguous number of five teams… but one of our members was missing so it was perfect right?”

“yes.”

“I heard that a traitor who went to film a movie shouldn’t even be made life-size.”

After taking a moment to appreciate the situation that seems to be floating around the Internet such as ‘What happens if a T-Holic member fails to attend a variety show alone.txt’.

“Now then let’s all decide on a team!”

Now is the time to really tear the existing team apart…

“It doesn’t work if a team with only one group has many members right? “We took everything into consideration and came up with a very fair method!”

And the production crew went around to each group and handed out posters.

“It’s a psychological test!”

“yes?”

“People choosing the same answer? “It’s about team building!”

“Is this a clue that we are a good fit for each other?”

It’s classic.

“ah! For groups where the number of people is not a multiple of 4 the production team has pre-determined the number of people who can choose for each option. Guys! Just look in parentheses!”

What the hell.

I sighed and read the question on the poster.

Still he is meticulous in his own way…

[Q. and! As I was walking down the trail I saw a sign. But I can’t read it because it’s in a foreign language. Which one should I follow?☜☞]

-1. Blue (2 people)

-2. Green (2 people)

-3. Yellow (1 person)

-4. Red (2 people)

“…”

A clue… is this a clue?

“It’s just like choosing a favorite color…”

“Uh-huh! “It all has a deep meaning guys!”

Those bastards have sharp ears.

“Oh my! “Of course brother!”

“Let us guess its deep meaning!”

“That’s right~!”

I’m gritting my teeth.

But like everyone here who is full of entertainment they put their heads together on the poster and started thinking seriously.

Which color sign should I follow?

“RED!! I’m red. That hair is a lot of red too! “It’s a good sign.”

“Oh~ Okay.”

Bae Se-jin was a master.

“But isn’t red… a danger and caution sign?”

“…Let’s just do what we want.”

That’s how Cha Yu-jin caught the first taro red.

And surprisingly… Sun Ah-hyun chose the remaining red color.

“…??”

“That us… I remembered the chorus of the intro song!”

“aha.”

-Red is yours… Your color your name.

Everyone nodded as he spoke with blushing cheeks with the chorus automatically playing in his head.

‘It’s an admission of affection for solo songs.’

“Oh that’s right. Actually that’s why I chose it too.”

“It’s a lie!”

“Eujin there’s a proverb in Korea that says if you lie horns will grow on your butt.”

“That’s cool. “Why do wonderful things happen when you lie?”

“…”

Everyone was speechless.

I opened my mouth again.

“Let’s just do what we want.”

“huh.”

And while the members were each choosing the color of the sign one by one giving various reasons after careful consideration a question came back to me as well.

“Where do you want to go to Mundaemun University?”

“I don’t mind just taking what’s left…”

“Hey! “Where can you find something like that?”

“okay. “You have to choose what you want.”

I finally caught one rubbing the back of my neck as the entertainment crowd cheered me on.

“Then… it’s yellow.”

“Because it’s a Welsh corgi?”

“Because it’s a puppy?”

Are you serious?

“It’s my first dyed hair.”

“Aha~”

“I’m a suitor…!”

Are you coming?

I chose yellow well among the applause.

Well actually.

The fact that there was only one person in yellow had some influence.

‘If you’re going to fall alone it’s either me or Big Sejin.’

Shouldn’t those who can create Tiki Taka for broadcasting while keeping a reasonable line between unfamiliar and unfamiliar people go?

But for some reason Big Sejin seemed to want to choose blue.

“Hmm. So should I do blue? “I like it because it somehow feels like I’m going to the beach.”

also.

Anyway when each person picks a color and raises their hand the production crew gives them a cloth.

Then tie it to your head waist or chest according to your taste and move towards the colorful flags fluttering…

There are already two people standing in front of the yellow flag I chose.

“and! Mr. Moon Dae!”

“Oh~”

I blinked.

The VTIC guy who came running… was Jin Chae-yul with a big smile on his face.

oh.

“Mr. Moon Dae also likes yellow!”

“Yes… of course.”

And the guy next to me is Ha Jin-tae a tea-holic with a yellow string wrapped around his head.

“The symbol of a leader. “It’s sunshine.”

“…”

“…Actually Martin took red first because it was a symbol of passion.”

Are you coming?

And the person who came after me…

“and!! “Our team looks really strong!”

Mirinae’s Jeong Yul-gi.

“oh my god! Mundae brother? “Oh that’s cool!”

And Gold 2… Spacer Kwon Hee-seung.

“…”

“Shall we make a slogan? “Wow I’m so excited!”

“Good! “Our seniors and juniors is there anything you want to do?”

“Wow me! I hope it’s like a sunflower! “It’s pretty big and delicious!”

“sunflower? Wow that’s such a good idea Jeong Yulgi!”

“Thank you senior Chaeyul!… Wow! Soft and sweet sunbaenim Sua has arrived!”

“wow!”

“hello!”

It’s embarrassing.

‘What the hell just happened?’

I think I heard ‘Wow’ about 10 times.

What does this atmosphere mean as if it were a gathering of kindergarten teachers on recreation?

I felt dumbfounded as I saw all the people smiling brightly.

What’s even scarier is that the smiles are not just from capital but are genuine.

“How is everyone’s MBTI? “I’m an ENFP!”

“Hey me too!”

“It’s me!”

yellow. Should I have just given him a big…

“wait for a sec.”

Ha Jin-tae suddenly looked around and put his hand on his chin with a serious face.

“Our team matches up so well… isn’t it our destiny to be first place?”

“…?”

“It’s a team made up of the top survivalists!”

“Huh!”

Mirinae Jeong Yul-gi and Gold 2 Kwon Hee-seung screamed and turned to look at themselves and me. The eyes are bright.

…Are you asking me to respond?

‘What is… ’

For a moment I mentally slapped the head that was about to get agitated and regained my senses.

“It was a long time ago and there are many people who have never appeared on Survival.”

“no way.”

Ha Jin-tae whispers.

“Me and Chae-yul… are the members with the best say in the team.”

“…?”

“Soo-ah you too right?”

“Oh… I guess so!”

The soft and sweet member who is famous for being a fearful and crybaby member of the team answered brightly.

-lol

– Jintae come to your senses.

-The yellow team which consists of survival 1st place and the group’s in charge of molestation feels proud.

“…”

The expected reaction comes to mind in surround what do you think?

Meanwhile Jin Chae-yul nods her head brightly.

“that’s right! “I also get to say whatever I want to say in our group!”

“also!”

Come to your senses. That’s brainwashing.

* * *

After many twists and turns team recruitment was completed.

“Do you like all of your team members!”

“yes!”

A clear and powerful voice filled the lawn.

If you’re the type of person who says you don’t like them you wouldn’t be an idol.

Anyway… whatever. I’m not bad either. I still saw my teammates with smiles on their faces.

It’s a bit… an unexpected team composition and it seems like it might be difficult to take control… but let’s just accept it.

‘Let’s just have fun. Just fun.’

It’s okay that they are happy among themselves. As for my portion… let’s do something.

And when I look around I see other completed teams.

First of all the faces visible under the green flag.

“As it is a sign I intuitively decided that green would be the safest when considering the symbolic meaning!”

“…! Me too!”

“Haha I guess everyone had similar thoughts.”

“Our team is the brain. “It’s so good guys.”

Raebin Kim Mirinae Minha Park and even Cheongwoo Ryu.

That team’s Tea Holic Wonseok was looking at his teammates with a bright expression on his face as if he had just drank gabby cone.

When VTIC Sinnoh joined us for the last time the green team welcomed him with utmost amicability and cheered him on.

It’s literally a group project of hope.

‘They’re all the calm type.’

Roughly… It was a combination of trying to make a reasonable decision and then running off into a strange place and making people laugh. That’s fun.

-Ryu Cheong-woo’s group assignment without stomachache makes me feel like Azusa’s past life.

I nodded in anticipation and looked at the other side.

The one over here is the red flag the red team.

Each person is already making an introduction gesture…

“I’m Martin!”

“I’m Eugene!”

“This is Seon Ah-hyun. Please take care of me…!”

“…”

Team Pokemon Rocket?

“Hey I’d like to introduce you to my juniors!”

“it’s okay. It’s okay. I’m just happy to be on a variety show…”

“Even if I just stand up the flag it’s a miracle. Please pamper yourself to your heart’s content.”

‘…??’

People with polar opposite tendencies have all gathered together.

Both Mirinae and Spacer said that the composing members chose this place by chance and they both seem to have unique personalities.

‘Are they just gathering their own aggro makers?’

And here comes the final boss…

“Each team member here has a unique color. Well that’s a good thing. “We can create synergy by acknowledging each other’s differences.”

‘…’

“Oooh~”

“I really think so…!”

“yes. In the short term I think we are an efficient union. Hmm to put it in perspective the team name comes from the red spectrum…”

…VTIC casting and forging.

I looked at the somewhat triumphant guy and inwardly shook my head.

‘I’m excited that there is no enforcement team.’

I guess I’ll have to catch Cha Yu-jin and crack down on him… I tell Joo Dan not to say things like ‘Nerd’ in his mouth.

And last.

If you pull your head out and turn… you will see a blue flag.

The blue team gathered early and even finished creating the team name.

“Oh~ Senior Cheongnyeo! I am so reassured~ Please take care of me.”

“Haha that’s too much praise. Mr. Sejin. “I don’t really appear in variety shows so I’ll try my best not to cause trouble.”

“It’s an honor seniors. “I am Mirinae Seong Ha-rin and I will work hard!”

“This is it. Everyone is so reassuring. great!”

VTIC Cheongnyeo Testa Lee Se-jin Mirinae Seong Ha-rin.

‘…’

All of them were burning with ambition and were sitting with smiles on their faces.

There is no separate tiger den.

“…i look forward to.”

And Bae Se-jin was caught in the gap looking like he wanted to run away.

It’s a face that looks like it’s about to pass out at any moment.

‘…I should have given it a yellow one.’

I can’t help it. Stay strong Bae Se-jin.

And looking at it this way I could already see the future of how this program would work.

‘These guys are the ones who come up with a strategy to steal the game before they win.’

A team full of guys who prioritize practicality over winning. Is there a more threatening combination in entertainment?

But let’s not be mistaken.

‘It’s an individual exhibition.’

Will the yellow team win or the blue team? That doesn’t matter.

The important thing is that the tester on each team eats the most.

When our eyes met I returned the same grin to Cheongryeo who grinned.

‘huh. Even if I go to Moro I will win.’

Look carefully.

“Now then our good juniors…”

“Huh?”

At that moment T-holic Yoon of the blue team was trying to start a conversation when he received a loud tackle from Ha Jin-tae.

“Youngest child what is your habit of speaking to your senior?”

“…?!”

Ha Jin-tae swung his arm.

“Senior your eyes are wide open. “How can you call them juniors!”

“What are you talking about?”

“That one!”

Ha Jin-tae’s hands politely pointed to a member of the blue team.

That’s right… Bae Se-jin!

“He debuted two years earlier than you! A genius child actor!”

“Huh?”

For a moment even the morning sunlight sparkled as if a halo was visible behind Bae Se-jin.

“…It’s okay over there.”

But T-Holic’s youngest stuck his head in it!

“I’m sorry senior!”

“…!? No it’s really okay…”

“Wow to a senior who is like the sky! Do you know what mistake I made?”

“I feel it painfully!”

“…”

“Are you just saying it?”

“Oh no! From now on senior Sejin Bae is the team leader! “How dare a junior try to become a team leader!”

“…??”

“Okay I’ve decided! “Our team name is not Blue Bird it’s Blue Pear Team!”

Bae Se-jin’s face speaks.

‘Me?’

However as a result of the discussion.

In the end he was raised in front of the flag like a King.

fluttering.

“Blue boat team departure!”

With the blue flag in the background Bae Se-jin covered her face with one hand.

“Wow the only team leader who isn’t a tee-holic!”

‘Excellent.’

I internally applauded the true portion maker.

“So have you all decided on a team name?”

“yes!!”

“Okay then… MT begins!”

And finally full-scale filming began with cheers.

…Of course from now on it was a truly great experience.
