---
title: "Chapter 603"
category: "book"
index: 602
section: "Chapter 603"
slug: "603"
---

# Chapter 603

“Then the opening game is… All the same!”

“Ugh.”

This agency’s group entertainment initially followed a very common MT structure.

Each team creates a slogan and choreographs simple gestures takes a quiz and gives rewards and punishments. In this way we are strengthening the identity and sense of belonging for each team which may still be awkward.

…Of course there were teams that didn’t need that in the first place.

“Now I really think our sunflower team will win!”

“That’s it Chaeyul! “Did everyone do well in choosing yellow?”

“yes!”

“I guess our team all feels the same way!”

huh. You were like this before you did this.

I looked back at the faces of this team. Even though he came in last place he still smiles.

It was a team of happy idiots one of whom exists in every game like this.

I… am such an idiot.

“Senior from Mundae thinks so too!”

“yes. “I’m really happy.”

Let’s hit the bullseye.

“Big.”

The big guy wearing a blue belt on the other side looks at me and laughs.

Don’t laugh.

Take a look at your team.

“Well even though we are different groups I will do my best to help the blue team win today.”

Cheongryeo smiled and neatly put up a fighting pose. Then a lively response poured in as if they had been waiting for it.

“I respect you senior!”

“This is my whole heart~ Blue Boat Team Fighting!”

“…”

Those guys… Every time they open their mouths lies come out.

After seeing the blue team smiling warmly as they asked team leader Bae Se-jin for a word I looked back at my team who were just smiling.

“lol!”

“…”

Isn’t it a balance problem?

For reference the blue team was the second-place team in this opening game.

He worked hard to get it right but when he saw a variety show he couldn’t resist and started asking questions so he got it wrong on purpose.

Thanks to this the green team is smoothly taking first place…

“haha.”

I just smiled and saw Cheongryeo quietly retreating behind her teammate.

‘It’s not funny.’

You’re boring.

In particular Cheongnyeo who quietly takes care of others and makes concessions seems to have no desire for entertainment at all.

There was no particular editing angle.

‘Hmm.’

Why do you make that choice?

However without much exploration the first full-fledged main game began immediately.

“This game is… Superpower tag!”

“It’s literally a game where you use your superpowers to chase each other! “We alternate between attack and defense.”

The superpower game of tag which seemed to have been taken from a certain mobile fighting game had a suitably shameful and fun structure.

When a person with the ability shouts slogans and sends signs everyone else is implicitly pretending to be affected by that ability.

That’s right. Only the shameless can endure.

“I am… &lt;Flying Dog&gt;!”

“Mundae raise your hand to the sky!”

…like this.

When I raised my hand in the air all kinds of people followed the gesture looked up at the sky and started performing Hollywood actions.

“Ohhhhh puppy flying in the sky?”

“I can’t move my body due to the sight being so amazing!”

“hmm. “This is a &lt;pause&gt; ability that doesn’t discriminate between friend and foe.”

“I see…!”

…I wondered if it was necessary to do something like that.

I was silent for a moment wearing a dog headband as I watched the guys making a fuss.

– Hahaha look at the facial expressions haha.

-Park Moon-dae was shameless in saying that he had often tried puppy but he broke down here haha.

-I guess I didn’t know he would do this to me haha.

-Oguogu Mundaeng were you embarrassed because people reacted so well? ㅜㅜ

Based on many years of experience I know roughly what you’ll hear…

‘Anyway thanks to you I won.’

I strengthened the red team’s last runner Cha Yu-jin with superpowers and narrowly caught him.

“Oh~ &lt;Sunflower&gt; yellow team wins!”

Cha Yu-jin shook my hand smiled and whispered to me.

“If this was really a game of tag you would lose to me.”

“I get it. Eugene the red team lost.”

“…”

“Pui pui pui~”

Cha Yu-jin looked at me with a shocked face with Ha Jin-tae’s jeers in the background and then disappeared with puffy cheeks.

For reference Joo Dan who is next to Cha Yu-jin is even adding to the awkwardness by even going so far as to analyze that ‘the reluctance to use superpowers was the decisive cause of defeat.’

“The strongest thing in this game is not physical ability but superpower. “If you assume you have superpowers don’t doubt them and use them actively…”

Well you too grow strong.

However what I didn’t expect was that I would witness something even more shocking than this in someone else’s game.

“Now next is… the match between the green team of &lt;Safety First&gt; and the blue team of &lt;Blue Boat&gt;!”

This is where Cheongnyeo took action.

The guy used his superpowers without hesitation.

“Huh?”

“wait for a sec.”

In the nick of time before his teammate was caught Cheongnyeo ran in front of the attacking team.

Then he pulled out something in front of his eyes and held it out then made a nice shape for the muzzle with his other hand and aimed it.

Finally a slogan!

“&lt;There will be a brief crackdown&gt;.”

A police badge with a blue ribbon sparkled in the sunlight.

however.

“Huh?”

“You don’t have to show me your badge.”

“ah.”

“Oh my Mr. Cheongnyeo.”

It was an unnecessary action!

“…Anyway it’s safe to use superpowers!”

Ryu Cheong-woo of the green team who was forced to sit down for three seconds at the referee’s declaration smiled and let go of the spacer member of the blue team.

“Wow!”

“Mr. Cheongryeo! exorcism!”

“thank you. Ah but this wasn’t it…”

Cheongryeo lowered the police badge he was holding looking a little embarrassed. It’s as if you were so absorbed that you lifted it without thinking and then felt a little embarrassed.

“ha ha ha!”

“You’re so cute~”

The T-Holics started saying absurd nonsense.

A guy who can shamelessly do even worse things than that without even changing his face is such an abomination…

“…!”

I see.

I realized.

‘Was it wrong on purpose?’

This was what that bastard was aiming for.

Let’s think about it. Why do idols who appear on entertainment shows try to be funny?

‘It’s for topicality and volume.’

But what if you already have both?

Right now this group’s MT entertainment has already secured buzz with its crazy cast combination. The biggest axis there was VTIC.

The amount was also the same.

‘What kind of crazy production crew doesn’t give VTIC some screen time?’

They will even make it by squeezing in the amount that is not available.

So how to make that volume is entirely up to VTIC.

And what Cheongryeo chose was…

-The concept is strong but it’s surprisingly flimsy? Hahaha. The kids are so gentle.

-I like it because it’s no fun.

-Noxious is the demand!!!

You guys do the funny things.

We will take care of a favorable image.

As they are making a comeback with a strong concept this time they are trying to melt away the layers of resistance to dark songs and even bring out the feeling of ‘These are young people who work hard~’.

“…”

I wiggled my eyebrows.

Do you believe that eating only the kernels will work?

‘That’s an illusion.’

I’ll show you that the one with the most impact ends up eating it all.

“The next game is &lt;Hide and Seek&gt;!”

* * *

“Whoa.”

After a round of psychic tag Park Min-ha of the green team sat down in his seat wiping his forehead.

Then I heard a question that worried me.

“Are you okay? Even water…”

“it’s okay! ha ha ha!”

Park Min-ha jumped up and not even able to breathe stretched out her hand and grabbed some water for herself.

living!

‘Let’s stay alert!’

Although Kim Rae-bin’s attitude was only one of respect for her teammates and juniors she did not let down her guard.

‘Everything looks plausible after editing.’

Even if the production team didn’t do it there were cyber wreckers all over the world.

The hell of dating rumors… no way.

So I sent several advices and questions and answers to Yulgi who is very honest and friendly…

“Sua Woongni!”

“Ugh Yulgi!”

…I was walking around with my soft sweet senior and was naturally drawing all the aggro towards him.

It was fortunate.

‘Whoa.’

Park Min-ha the de facto leader of Mirinae sat down with a long sigh of relief.

It was a good opportunity but it was also dangerous so she would never relax until the end and survive!

‘You have to be active!’

Park Min-ha stood up with shining eyes.

Fortunately the green team performed well. Although we were eliminated right before we took first place in the opening team match and the team atmosphere was good.

This means that there was no atmosphere in which one could not join in on the conversation due to concerns of seniors.

‘So let’s take care of my portion size.’

Just keep doing well like this!

“Okay the next game is about to start!”

“yes!”

She swallowed her saliva as she heard Lee Se-jin who had already been invited as an impromptu MC by T Holic shout out.

And the next game was hide and seek.

“It’s here.”

“Wow!”

A huge playground-like set structure built in the backyard.

It was a simple and cute structure where one person dressed up had to find all the opposing team members hiding in various places.

And this time it was the green team’s turn to hide.

‘I like Joe.’

I felt like I could get a role just by reacting well when I was caught doing something like this!

So it was when Park Min-ha was quietly hiding next to a pile of boxes.

How long has it been?

Knock knock.

In the silence someone touched my shoulder.

‘Is it the production team?’

I turned my head to see if it wouldn’t show up on camera.

“hello.”

“Ugh!”

There’s an axe!

Oh no it was Park Mun-dae in gym clothes holding an axe who was looking at him.

But it’s pigtails!

“…?!”

Park Mun-dae must have noticed his gaze and muttered while touching his own head.

“There was a prop that was too scary… so the team members suggested we neutralize it.”

“…”

Cute… long but even scarier!

‘How on earth did you come here without making a sound!’

There was even a spring on Park Moon-dae’s back.

The moment I thought if that mainspring stops the game will end in timeout and I don’t know how it moves so quietly even with that thing on…

Park Min-ha realized that Park Mun-dae was wearing sleeping socks not shoes.

“…”

This is a person who is truly serious about the game.

“yap. “I found it.”

“…yes.”

Anyway she was eliminated like that.

Leave a great reaction.

‘…the quantity will be released… ’

Trudging back to the bench she went between the people who had already been eliminated.

“welcome!”

Please don’t welcome me…

Park Min-ha greeted Rae-bin Kim by giving him a hug and then watched the rest of the game.

however…

“…!”

“Only Chungwoo remains!”

Before I knew it the game had become an individual competition.

Park Min-ha observed the situation trying to keep her narrowed eyes straight.

Surprisingly Ryu Cheong-woo was observing Park Moon-dae in reverse and was slowly moving from place to place wasting time.

It didn’t seem like he would be caught easily.

‘Really… calm down.’

Park Min-ha felt it again.

Come to think of it Ryu Cheong-woo was like that throughout this MT. No matter what I asked him to do he did it without hesitation and no matter what he did he was good at everything he did with his body.

Is that the attitude of a leader?

‘I have to show something like that in the next game…!’

Park Min-ha made a promise. But at that moment.

“…!!”

Isn’t Park Moon-dae who discovered traces of Ryu Cheong-woo’s movements slowly approaching?

‘I got caught!’

How much time is left?

She saw the mainspring on the back of Park Mun-dae. It was still running well.

And Liu Chengwu still had a calm face as if he hadn’t noticed.

‘no!’

Finally the moment came.

Park Moon-dae sneakily went behind Ryu Cheong-wu and stretched out his hand and shouted.

“I found it…”

That moment.

Liu Chengwu slipped under Park Mun-dae’s ax without even looking back.

So that Park Moon-dae cannot move carelessly for fear of him getting hurt.

“…!”

Then at surprising speed he went behind Park Mun-dae and grabbed his back.

To be precise he grabbed the mainspring on Park Moon-dae’s back and turned it in the forward direction.

“oh.”

That’s right.

Liu Chengwu who stopped the main winding manually said with a grin.

“If the mainspring stops it ends in a timeout… right?”

“…!!”

It was a contrarian idea.

“Wow!”

“oh my god!”

As people poured out Lee Se-jin shouted cheerfully as she saw the production crew’s signal.

“Ah the green team is going crazy! “I’m moving up to first place overall!”

“Oh!”

Park Mun-dae with his hair in pigtails applauded solemnly.

And the yellow team members around me said ‘It’s okay!’ ‘Mr. Moon Dae you did a great job!’ To see him comforting Park Moon-dae while saying the same thing…

‘Wait a minute is this okay?’

Park Min-ha suddenly came to his senses.

This… it’s not important that I win!

‘In the end Testa seniors got all the cuts!’

It ended in the match of the century between Park Moon-dae and Ryu Cheong-woo.

In that case it would be more helpful for our group to give Yulgi a chance to play in the finals instead of me…

“Will the green team continue to win like this? Our blue team also needs to be strong~”

“…”

“If you win first place don’t forget the food truck prize!”

Still I like first place!

Park Min-ha decided to have fun for now!

* * *

A few hours later.

Finally the first day of MT filming came to an end.

“Does Testa eat things like this every day?”

“i envy you.”

“Of course the most important position on the team is cooking.”

I easily won the &lt;Dinner Cooking King Challenge&gt; and distributed well-boiled pork and hand-made kalguksu to my team members.

The production crew did not bother to prevent the team from sharing food with other teams and thanks to this the first day of MT is ending more warmly and comfortably.

‘You know how to control speed and speed.’

And now it’s midnight.

During this time when filming was temporarily halted for camera data replacement and maintenance people were dispersed and talking quietly.

‘You were having fun risking your life just now.’

A night where the bright noise from earlier disappeared like a lie.

I was no exception.

“Mr. Moon Dae is here!”

I will correct it. There is also the same guy as before.

I saw Jin Chae-yul sitting next to me smiling.

What are you trying to say?
