---
title: "Chapter 604"
category: "book"
index: 603
section: "Chapter 604"
slug: "604"
---

# Chapter 604

The outskirts of the MT filming site where the sun has set and the stars and moon have risen.

VTIC Chaeyul who was sitting next to me asked without hesitation.

“Are you looking at the stars?”

“yes.”

“also!”

The guy looked at the stars together with a refreshed face then opened his eyes wide and said as if something suddenly occurred to him.

“Somehow déjà vu? I said I felt something like that… I think it’s similar to when we appeared on a mountaineering variety show before! “Why are you drinking cocoa?”

…VTIC and Testa did entertainment before?

‘ah.’

I realized it a little late.

That… is a story that no longer exists.

This is what happened in the world created by the system where I as Ryu Geon-woo debuted with VTIC members through LeTi Survival.

Group Wishes.

“…”

It’s hiking. Were there any entertainment shows like that at that time?

After doing everything I could to win the grand prize in just one year it seemed like I was wasting my image and going out to all kinds of places.

And Jin Chae-yul who seemed to have grown a few years older than then spoke to Park Moon-dae.

“I just called you Gunwoo hyung.”

“Because that was the way things were back then.”

Chaeyul laughed shyly at my answer.

“This MT is also the same team as before! “Our yellow team!”

“…”

“Let’s just keep quiet like we did back then. Do you remember? “I said we should just keep quiet!”

I remember.

-Well if I go back now it might be hard to call him Geon-wu hyung… but is it okay if I let go of the words? Not Mr. Mundae but Mundae!

And I told him to talk to me comfortably but he didn’t answer.

I just laughed this time too.

“…”

Jin Chae-yul perhaps vaguely aware that silence was a tacit refusal did not offer any more advice.

But soon he continued speaking in a voice that was not dark.

“Anyway today was really fun!”

“yes.”

Well… he did all kinds of funny things but he wasn’t at a level that would be dangerous as an idol.

They adjusted it just so it didn’t go over the line.

‘The production crew does a good job.’

T-Holics have a manpower supply. As I quenched my appetite I glanced at the production crew and Tea Holic guys talking on the other side.

“It’s been a long time since I appeared on a variety show with so many seniors and juniors. “Is that the case Mr. Moon Dae?”

“yes. “That’s right.”

“I hope I have another chance next time!”

huh. That’s not possible.

‘At that time the aggro effect was reduced and only the fans were stressed.’

Jin Chae-yul who casually made a sound containing a scary story continues to babble about the sound of stepping on a land mine.

“That’s our group chat room over there.”

That group chat room you invited yourself to.

And why is it that as soon as their comeback coincided they were caught by a ghost-like bastard and all contact was cut off…

“Is it okay if I say hello now? “Because there hasn’t been a post for a while…”

“…”

“It’s nice to see them make a comeback together this time but it’s a bit disappointing.”

I looked back at the guy.

It was unexpected.

‘You noticed.’

Two top groups with similar weight classes and this comeback is very important.

It seems that this guy had a premonition that if they were released at the same time their relationship would inevitably become ambiguous.

However… did you ever feel that it was regrettable?

“Sometimes I even ask how you are doing! “I made jokes… how do you feel?”

I chuckled.

“Good.”

“thank god!”

Jin Chae-yul’s face suddenly turned bright red.

“Hmm. I didn’t want to have an awkward relationship with the testers. “We experienced something special together.”

Wishes.

Although it may now be vague like a dream he seemed to have given meaning to it.

He seemed to think about it for a moment and then added this.

“We didn’t intentionally change our comeback because we wanted to overlap with the testers. “We were planning to do this on this date even before we enlisted…”

okay.

Cheongryeo was probably the only one who took that into consideration when setting the comeback date.

I thought the other VTIC members would just think of it as ‘comeback right after discharge’.

So actually I wasn’t even angry at these guys.

“This is how we were meant to be. “I hope we can keep in touch and meet up sometimes and remain friends.”

“…”

I nodded slightly.

“yes. “Mr. Moon Dae is already close with Cheongryeo!”

That’s not it.

I looked back at Chae-yul with mysterious eyes but he had said all he wanted to say and was looking at the stars with cool eyes.

It felt funny to say anything now so I just turned my head to the sky.

Even though it was on the outskirts of Gyeonggi-do the stars were shining brightly unlike in Seoul.

“Because I’m doing this… I remember when the testers debuted before. “We met on a music broadcast.”

It was like that.

‘That was already about 6 years ago.’

Now that I look back on it I feel like I went through a lot of hardships to get this far.

In this short-lived entertainment industry and also in the idol industry both of them have been stubbornly sticking together for several years without giving up.

I felt a little cheerful for some reason and answered quickly.

“…but this time it’s the opposite.”

“Huh?”

“Because our seniors are coming back after our comeback.”

“Huh.”

They seem to know they have an advantage.

I spoke to Jin Chae-yul who looked a little embarrassed.

“But I have no intention of being pushed back.”

“…!”

Jin Chae-yul looked at me with wide eyes for a moment and eventually burst into laughter.

“i know. “So did we!”

When I nodded Chaeyul lay down on her back.

“And really… I prepared a lot this time!”

“…”

“I don’t think VTIC will lose.”

Is that so?

“It’s the same with Testa.”

“Huh.”

Jin Chae-yul did not respond.

We quietly reflected on our war intentions.

“…”

“…”

And suddenly a question came to mind.

“Now that I think about it.”

“yes!”

“By any chance seniors when did you film this music video?”

I wouldn’t have had time to take a picture like that considering the hairstyle.

‘Even if I wore a wig there wouldn’t be time for CG post-processing.’

And Jin Chae-yul gave a clear answer.

“Oh before I enlisted! “At that time I had already decided how I would make my comeback.”

“…”

Scary bastards.

“Ah the Testa intro video was really cool.”

“thank you.”

You did a good job persuading Sun Ah-hyun to release it.

That was when I snorted inwardly.

Jin Chae-yul held out her hand.

“Let’s work without regrets!”

“…”

“ah. “Is this what you heard from Jaehyun?”

Don’t talk about him.

I shook hands with Chaeyul who extended her hand. The guy smiled and waved his hand.

‘…Not bad.’

I also chuckled.

“Senior please don’t talk. “Because I decided to do so.”

“omg!”

Jin Chae-yul who was pleased started talking nonsense about how she uses a mix of formal and informal language even with people she is comfortable with and immediately shouted as if she couldn’t stand it any longer.

“Ugh can I ask you just one more thing? “Let’s talk together!”

I am indeed. You’re persistent.

“okay.”

“…!”

“But only in private.”

“of course!”

Jin Chae-yul smiled and nodded.

And I woke up energetically.

“Oh they give you drinks over there. “I’ll take that one!”

“okay. brother.”

I lightly waved at the departing guy and then turned my gaze back to the sky.

‘Is it going to be revealed soon?’

The MV is released the album is released the music is released…

The stage appears.

A period of intense activity unfolds with fierce confrontations with strong competitors.

After this filming is over it will begin in earnest.

And the broadcast of this film will also be released around that time.

‘…I need to film this entertainment show more properly.’

I promised myself once again and thought about the next destination of this 1 night 2 day MT.

‘Now all that’s left is… a random play dance.’

That was really cool.

With that in mind it was time to get up and go back to the dorm room with Jin Chae-yul who was holding a drink.

“Aren’t you tired of falling asleep already?”

“yes…?”

“The production team says they have prepared another game!”

“Oooh!”

Sudden notice.

and…

“Oh what a test of courage!”

“…”

“I don’t know much about scary stories… but do you know a lot?”

no.

[start!]

“Ugh!!”

“Aaaahhh!”

…I almost lost out with soft and sweet Su-ah but I want to make it clear that I wasn’t in last place.

For reference even at this time Cheongryeo was very shy.

“Ah a ghost story.”

No matter how much I think about it he’s not the kind of guy who would be scared of ghosts but he gave off the impression of a neat model student who looked a little embarrassed.

“I don’t know a lot of scary stories… but I’ll choose from the ones I’ve heard.”

“Oh~”

I packed just enough content to avoid being moderately scary and boring.

However seeing Joo Dan keep quiet about his excitement and overuse of TMI saying ‘It’s a classic novel’s storyline so the copyright has expired so I can say it with confidence’ raises other suspicions.

‘He only cares about himself.’

Among the VTICs I looked at the guy with suspicion who acted like an actor who only appeared on interview programs to care for his image.

‘Did you feel anything when you looked at my axe earlier?’

Could it be that you are trying to maintain your image and leave the impact to other members?

There was something about it that didn’t seem clear to me as a choice made by a kid aiming for maximum efficiency.

‘Hmm.’

“The winner is… the green team! Raebin Kim from the green team &lt;Safety First&gt;!”

“Wow!”

I gave Kim Rae-bin the ghost story machine a complimentary gesture from outside the camera and finished filming that night while carefully observing the VTIC guys.

And the next day.

“I can’t believe the day has come when we can proceed with this lineup… The author’s mouth is almost in my ear right now.”

“They said they brought more cameras for this game.”

The long-awaited random dance challenge has arrived.

And here I realize what Cheongryeo’s aim is.

* * *

The author of &lt;T-Holic’s Show Business&gt; picked up a pen.

The alpha and omega flower and fruit of idol group photos. The random play dance was about to begin.

In the meantime the production team thought hard.

How can we make random play dance different from other MT content?

Actually the basic formula was simple.

-1. KPOP is played randomly.

-2. Those who can dance the choreography jump to the center and dance.

And in normal idol content one thing was added here for tension.

-3. Everyone must dance and anyone who can’t dance is eliminated!

Well there were variations on the formula such as only one person from a team having to appear but as these rules become more complex they tend to become less intuitive and less fun.

So instead of messing with this proven formula the production team decided to add another element.

That’s right… cyber audience!

This MT’s &lt;Random Play Dance&gt; will be broadcast in real time to only 300 people online and the reactions will be collected and applied to the subtitles!

He even reads funny comments to the idols making them laugh out loud.

‘It’s okay if a little team spoiler is released during this process.’

If anything that will only heighten fans’ expectations!

The author inspected the device with keen eyes.

On the tablet connected in front real-time comments and small monitor screens began to appear.

-what

-Are you connected?

-Whoops!

Swearing and a few sensitive words were filtered out but the majority of the words flowed freely.

And once the camera was properly on screen it almost started to explode.

Because the idols naturally getting ready in the grass looked clear and close!

-I’m crazy

-ah

-It’s like a lineup composition.

-Mundaeㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ Please let us dance with Mundae popcorn.

-Sung Ha-rin AKA K-Pop’s Cheodoli

All kinds of reactions were pouring in from people who were fans of the performers to regular viewers of T-Holic’s entertainment shows and people who applied just for fun.

“Then let’s begin!”

The random play dance began.
