---
title: "Chapter 605"
category: "book"
index: 604
section: "Chapter 605"
slug: "605"
---

# Chapter 605

A few days ago.

“Of course the best way to get the volume is the random play dance.”

“Hmm.”

Testa gathered together and talked about his mindset in preparation for his agency’s group MT filming.

“In the beginning we were moderately fighting from behind but in the second half we all suddenly came out together and it was a great fight! how is it?”

“I think it would be great if we continued to do well from beginning to end.”

“Either way you should know the choreography well.”

Everyone nodded at Liu Chengwu’s correct opinion.

And Cha Yu-jin spoke brightly.

“But I don’t know other people’s choreography very well!”

It was a declaration that I only listen to things that are good for me.

‘huh. ‘I thought so.’

Raebin Kim gave strict advice in the meantime.

“From now on organize it by year so you can learn it quickly.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders.

“But I know better than Kim Rae-bin!”

“…! “The range of KPOP I listen to is much wider than yours but based on common sense I know better…”

“I dance better!”

Hehehe.

Now the members watched Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin fighting with harmonious faces.

Park Moon-dae also watched the scene peacefully but eventually joined in when the two guys were saying something like ‘Then we’ll see when we practice together and see who’s better.’

“But I don’t think we need to practice together.”

“yes?”

While listening to Kim Rae-bin’s dumbfounded question Park Moon-dae looked around at all the other members and spoke.

“If you want to maximize the impact it’s not good to adjust too much.”

“…?”

“Reality entertainment shows that are complicated are not fun.”

“ah!”

Several members nodded.

For several years now it has become a practice to strictly match the order and formation of content such as relay dances.

‘It’s been leveled upward.’

But that’s literally leveling the playing field.

It meant that it was an acceptable choice rather than the obvious top hit that said ‘There are individuals who are good even though they didn’t get it right so coincidence coincides and a new charm emerges.’

The synergy that occurred when the skill and talent coincidentally created the perfect picture just like the amount of practice and habit that the body was naturally accustomed to was the best.

‘It’s not something that can happen in a short period of time so the problem is that we don’t take risks and just prepare diligently.’

In addition there was a risk of being criticized as ‘burdensome’ by gritting one’s teeth and preparing for the topic of mini-games in entertainment shows.

“For something like this naturalness is the key.”

“Hmm.”

The members were lost in thought for a moment but then shrugged their shoulders.

“What Moon Dae said is correct.”

“Ugh.”

This is because Park Moon-dae’s risk insight has been proven through many years of experience.

“Then shall we each work hard to prepare what we like?”

Lee Se-jin who was watching quietly added with a grin.

“Then if you were to do this song it would be better if you also refer to the movement of the part you would take on.”

“Ohh.”

“Goooood.”

The members laughed along.

Everyone prepares on their own.

Mainly choreography that I like and want to do.

“Then if by ‘accident’ the sum matches the formation also matches.”

“indeed!”

Everyone smiled and nodded at Park Moon-dae’s trustworthy remarks.

‘Faith to trust one another!’

With that in mind Testa each worked hard to prepare in his spare time…

The problem is… I didn’t know that the team composition would be torn apart like this!

“Now &lt;Random Play Dance&gt;! The team that survives until the end will receive points and a meal truck!”

“…”

The testers looked at each other with their pupils trembling!

In fact it was almost impossible to notice that it was a humanistic structure in which everyone in each group was included so whoever won could get a ride on the food truck.

“Who will bring victory to the food truck group and team!”

“Oooh!”

This is because each team’s T-holic incited it.

“We must win no matter what! “There are a lot of dancing members on our team!”

“Just looking at our colors we are the smartest team. Guys. “Isn’t this all a battle of wits?”

“Team leader Bae Se-jin! Please place an order on our blue boat!”

“yes? that is…”

The atmosphere is on fire for each team. Real-time comment responses were also quickly being swept away by Tea Holic.

-Whahahaha

-I see a Balbung team. Is it an illusion?

-Each team has its own distinct characteristics right? Haha.

-Green team’s only dance member Park Min-ha Let’s Go

And after looking back at his yellow last-place team Park Moon-dae recalled the temporary testa meeting that was hastily held just before this game.

Now that things were like this there was only one way.

-We really kill each other.

-…?!

It means to fight hard to win.

‘Let’s eat at least one of them.’

Let Testa members take home the famous scene!

“I was quite the lead dancer right? Just trust me guys.”

“yes!”

Hearing T-holic Ha Jin-tae’s voice encouraging the yellow team Park Moon-dae pledged again.

‘They won’t be easy guys.’

This team alone was practically a center meeting. Jeong Yul-gi Kwon Hee-seung Su-ah…

And even VTIC’s center Jin Chae-yul.

Center is usually a dance position.

It also stands out.

‘Ha Jin-tae looks pretty good too.’

Park Moon-dae guessed sharply.

and…

“&lt;Sunflower&gt; Yellow Team~ Captain Ha Jin-tae is eliminated!”

“oh.”

Like a lie all of T Holic including Ha Jin-tae were eliminated within 5 episodes.

It was ‘Reason\: I don’t know the songs these days’…

-A large number of captains were eliminated.

-Mr. Kim Martin who says he doesn’t listen to the latest K-pop now stop putting strange ballads on Lil’s and listen to K-pop.

-Ha Jin-tae is creating dance hahahahahahahaha

-It’s okay their faces are still like idols.

…It had a strong impact in its own way.

‘Is that also a strategy?’

It was funny.

“Come on let’s cheer.”

Now T-holic was sitting across from him encouraging his team members with eagle eyes like a coach trying to catch other team members.

but.

“Then who is eliminated…”

“…”

“…”

“I don’t do it.”

That’s right.

-??

-Why is Ryu Cheong-woo also good?

-Did you come here with a plan?

-Is this a T-holic camera?

Let’s say that Testa like Ryu Cheong-woo is naturally good at even members who don’t seem particularly interested in other groups or trends.

The problem is…

-Wow this one doesn’t get eliminated either haha.

“…!!”

Testa wasn’t the only one who paid attention to random play dance.

‘If I want to stand out… yes! ‘How about dancing nicely here?’

‘Ah if you want to tell us the names of our brothers one more time you must remain as a final member here!’

Everyone knew. &lt;Random Play Dance&gt; is the content that gets the most views.

And all of these ambitious idol cast members have been practicing the expected songs pretending they are not!

‘Don’t you have any eye color at all?’

The venom of a survival veteran!

It wasn’t even soft and sweet. They say it’s because they’ve seen a lot of ‘recently popular K-pop’ on their reaction WeTube channel.

In the end T-Holic opened his mouth.

“…Do you guys only eat and dance to K-pop?”

“ha ha ha.”

“It’s a job because I like it!”

-I’m proud of you guys.

-This is… the first generation of K-pop?

-My heart is racing.

The writers held back their laughter as they watched real-time viewers moved by the naturally virtuous words.

Of course it’s not possible to only release songs that everyone knows.

Still if you don’t know you follow along by dancing as if you don’t know.

There is no one who does things half-heartedly.

So during the 10 rounds only about a quarter were eliminated!

-Awesome fun

-Wow it’s really different since it’s done by current first-tier idols haha.

-It’s so fun. The guys instantly form a triangle and ask what’s going on. It gives me goosebumps haha.

There Park Mun-dae had a hunch once again!

‘Not being eliminated is no longer a problem.’

It was a preliminary round there.

How do you pull out an impactful scene during this time?

We were at that level now!

-Great clash of K-pop fans

-The yellow team is so cute. Please come forward together just once.

-Chaeyul thank you for the magic boy. I will never forget you. Please make a fancam.

-Joo Dan why do you know that song…?

He focused on the flow.

&lt;Random Play Dance&gt; started with the performers’ hit songs and gradually expanded the scope of the questions.

-This is Mirinae’s debut song!!!

-Hello come on.

-Whoever plays Sangun will be blessed.

-I just liked the song but is it a spacer??

-I ran out of T-holic but is this T-holic song real? Crazy haha.

Lines to promote the status of ‘We are the agency with so many hit songs!’

These were choreographies that all the performers had predicted and practiced in advance.

And now once the agency’s promotional repertoire is over…

-This is a Tic Tac Tok pick haha.

-Oh please just one cast member who really knows this.

The latest hits old hits and songs with impressive choreography are coming out in earnest.

These are songs that I don’t usually see covered in earnest because I don’t have much of a connection with these idol cast members!

-I was really waiting for something like thisㅠㅠ

-Please please play my first love heart song.

Viewers stared at the screen with even greater anticipation and excitement.

And from here the dropouts begin in earnest…

This person was the first person eliminated from Testa.

-Crazy Cha Yu-jin

However they were not eliminated easily.

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssss.

-Did it turn?

[Show me up]

Heavy electric.

As soon as the choreography challenge song which was popular on Tic Tac Tok in the Western world started playing she immediately took to the front and center alone.

“…!!”

And he reproduced the hip-hop move in his own way with the intensity of an animal.

“I don’t know anymore!”

And when a song I didn’t know came up in the next round I voluntarily got eliminated without any regrets instead of just ignoring it.

It was a very impressive cut.

“Good bye!”

A truly famous scene!

-torn

-Is this a star?

-You only live once like Cha Yu-jin

‘Excellent.’

Moon-Dae Park also gave generous scores. Cha Yu-jin grabbed the spotlight at just the right time.

‘I have to be like that too.’

And waited for his chance.

The opportunity came soon.

[Now I’m curious about the seat next to me

Your heartbeat

Who are you running for now?]

“…!!”

-crazy

-Oh I’m so curious about this.

A tickling mixed voice.

It was a song by Halo Haim a new mixed gender group that attracted a lot of attention with its dating reality show!

That moment.

-???

-omg

Park Moon-dae who was not even a dance member suddenly came to the center.

But I wasn’t alone.

-???

A cast member who drew the admiration of the production team and Tea Holic from the first episode.

He also rushed forward at the same time.

Even in this place where prominent idol members gathered he was the ace who completely swept away the early center positions.

as soon as…

“Sejin let’s go!”

This is Lee Se-jin Testa’s choreography team leader.

-Ahhhhhh

-no way

-Let’s go let’s go let’s go!!!

He came forward smiling while being cheered on by T-holic Yoon a member of the same blue team that had already been eliminated.

Then spread your arms and turn around.

[This trembling is still only in my heart

I can act calmly]

“…!”

He scanned Park Moon-dae’s part and danced it right away.

It looked as if they had practiced each part separately but that was not the case.

Because the male and female parts were randomly mixed together!

-oh my god

-Why is this right????

In fact after seeing that Park Moon-dae had learned to combine only the male and female parts that he could portray well Se-jin Lee changed his parts accordingly and adjusted them accordingly.

While checking in real time.

Thanks to this the level of perfection has improved like a real cover choreography.

-crazy

And as part of the point choreography one person sits and one stands and looks like Cupid’s arrow toward the camera!

People screamed as they watched the pair dance in full formation.

-Be good.

-You guys hang out like this…?

-But Park Moon-dae you are the main vocalist…

“Aaaah! A truly tense match! and!”

‘That’s it.’

Park Moon-dae was satisfied to see T-Holic’s reaction and the production crew’s expressions at the moment the song ended.

Mirinae Seong Ha-rin even caught sight of them and grabbed Park Min-ha and danced a pair choreography for themselves so from the middle of the group other people also started to dance appropriately.

The atmosphere at the center was properly brightened.

“Wow really… why am I so interesting?”

-admit

After deliberately glaring at each other with Keun Se-jin Park Moon-dae grinned as he returned to his seat.

‘If you don’t know any better the image of this cut will remain clearer if you are eliminated.’

Quantity secured.

If you force yourself to survive in silence you will be obscured by the impact ahead. To put it bluntly Cha Yu-jin’s instinctive choice to be eliminated without any regrets was the right one.

‘Let’s take a good look at each other.’

But the moment the next song starts playing.

He had no choice but to jump out again.

-come

-Park Moon-dae

-Park Park Mun-dae

-Come Mundagato

‘This has to go.’

[Oh me too! I like you~]

A soft and sweet immortal song.

Because it was!

“Wow!”

“go for it!”

While listening to the cheers mixed with laughter from the eliminated softies he prepared the opening with the skills of a teaching assistant who has been skilled for many years.

This was clearly a plate laid out for everyone to eat.

however.

-omg?

In the refrain Cheongryeo comes out smiling looks at Park Mun-dae and moves accordingly.

However the direction was different from mine.

“…!”

[POP! POP!

You are my Popcorn~ (Oh Yeah!)

my heart

CON CON CON CON

Control it~]

The mirror version!

It was a perfectly symmetrical dance.

‘This crazy guy.’

He even gave Park Moon-dae all the center parts when the mirror choreography wasn’t pretty and he only did the side parts.

– Hahahahahahahaha

-Why are you so good at it?

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha on the same team

-Why are you providing assistance!!

There was a chaotic explosion of laughter and admiration at the amazing skill.

Unlike the pair dance earlier this was really closer to matching the other team!

Moreover the moment the song ended Cheongryeo calmly smiled and gave an interview.

“It’s our seniors’ song. “I’ve done this before during month-end evaluations.”

“You remember that?!”

-oh my god

-It was a few years ago…

-Is your memory crazy?;;

I was more impressed by his calmness.

-What is it?

And from then on Cheongryeo naturally began to move further forward and toward the center.

People who unconsciously became focused observed the movement and realized.

Every movement was perfect!

It’s like mastering your own choreography.

-No but Cheongnyeo is really good at it.

-Shin Jae-hyun From earlier on he was openly letting people on his blue team who weren’t part of the dance group dance behind him which was crazy…

-The leader came.

-Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss neither also

-Jaehyun you really haven’t changed since you debuted you K-pop fang.

Park Moon-dae realized at that moment.

‘This is what I was aiming for.’

The calm and exemplary appearance shown in the MT filming right before Cheongryeo.

That was to emphasize the impact of this scene.

In this random play dance you create a character by showing perfect choreography with the same attitude but closer to clear-eyed madness.

‘But at his main job he is inhumanely good at it.’

The subtitles were already easy on my eyes.

This gap between the two appearances is very clearly visible and will maximize the appeal of the character and skills.

‘Oh damn.’

Park Moon-dae clicked his tongue inwardly but still felt it was a situation worth trying.

Isn’t there a crazy K-pop choreography vending machine in Testa?

‘If you just leave it to Lee Se-jin and Yongho to interact… ’

“…”

wait for a sec.

He realized.

The color of the strings worn by Lee Se-jin and Cheongryeo is the same blue.

So I came to my senses.

‘…You must not be eliminated!’

If only those two remain there will be no competition. Because we’re on the same team!

And it was clear that the narrative of Cheongryeo which was considered a latecomer in terms of editing would look more attractive.

This means that he could just steal the main narrative of the blue team’s victory.

There was a need for Lee Se-jin to be more active.

‘But… it’s difficult for other members of us to come up with the composition.’

Sun Ah-hyun the remaining member of the Testa dance line didn’t know much about K-pop songs to begin with and the reason she survived until now was mostly because of copying.

This means that the opportunity to move forward and play confidently is uncertain.

Then since Cheongryeo cannot be properly checked… In the end considering the number of cases another double backup is essential.

‘…Do I have to stay and become a comparison group for those guys?’

After thinking for a moment he quickly exchanged glances with Sejin Lee.

And I decided.

‘let’s go.’

We had to somehow keep Cheongnyeo in check and share in the team competition!

…And here there is a cast member who looks at all this with a mysterious look from behind.

‘…Can I stay like this?’

It was Bae Se-jin.

-???

-No you hamchi

-How long has it been there hahaha?

And to answer in real time the questions from some of the comments I noticed…

“Everyone danced openly so I just danced along…”

-ah

-oh

It was thanks to the crazy passion of the members of the same team.

All you had to do was just follow the choreographed march of Cheongryeo Lee Se-jin and Seong Ha-rin’s stunt-like trio!

And Bae Se-jin did not come forward because she thought that her goal was not to dance well and stand out but simply to not cause trouble to the group.

The copy machine is the only remaining copy machine in this game where people who cannot dance well due to overheating voluntarily leave.

Bae Se-jin survived in stealth mode!

-let’s go

-Let’s go Baehamchi!

-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

“Ah messages of support are pouring in!”

“…!?”

Meanwhile the random dance began to build towards its climax.
