---
title: "Chapter 606"
category: "book"
index: 605
section: "Chapter 606"
slug: "606"
---

# Chapter 606

– Wow fifteen? It’s more fun because there are still people left haha.

&lt;Random Play Dance&gt; caught fire even more as elite members were selected.

Now the section that will stand out due to the amount of practice is over.

This means that this is a time for ‘real’ K-pop listeners who know all the hot songs. As a result when we all dance to each angle together we exclaim in exasperation.

-React as soon as Ganju comes out?? LOL

So in order to further narrow down the losers more minor song selections began to be introduced… and again the contestants began to go in groups of twos and threes.

‘Here all you have to do is not fall without any impact.’

And Testa was cleverly avoiding that.

“Oh just now Mr. Ahyeon! I wonder if I know the choreography properly… hmm. Come out and do an independent inspection… Ugh!”

“Ahyeon don’t call me! “Don’t call the red team!”

“The red team catches people!”

This was also the case when the last remaining member of the red team Sun Ah-hyun was eliminated.

“It seemed like you were picking on the spot even though you didn’t know the choreography earlier!”

“…!”

“We’ll see what it’s like!”

At the moment of crisis Sun Ah-hyun cautiously came forward when she said ‘I’ll check to see if you really know.’

and.

“Now let’s start the music…!!”

Instead of existing choreography he elegantly performed a modern dance of his own creation.

“…!!”

“thank you…!”

He showed a room like that and happily left.

-Crazy… What the fuck is this?

-Even if I lost I won.

-You make art with K-pop.

-I feel like Tic Tac Tok suddenly releases another song and it becomes popular but this is it hahaha.

It was a cut that clearly impressed the public with Sun Ah-hyun’s new charm which they were still unaware of.

Of course jaw-dropping dance skills were the foundation.

“I will do my best to cheer…!”

And as soon as Sun Ah-hyun returned to her seat T-holic excitedly broadcast that the comments were pouring in saying that she had become Bambi again.

‘Good.’

Park Mun-dae nodded.

I was satisfied with the drawing as everyone did it brilliantly before being eliminated.

As expected the individual strategy worked well and he could see strategic victory before his eyes… but at the same time he also saw people from other groups who were still alive.

‘He’s persistent.’

Three VTIC members were still competing. When the challenge song that was popular on Tic Tac Tok came out the remaining members except Ju Dan accepted their fate and failed.

-I thought it would be like T Holic 2;

-In the military instead of walking you have to do K-pop dance?

-Why… you know everything right?

“Oh I don’t have anything special to do so I miss it. “I think I’ve heard it a lot!”

“that’s right. In fact didn’t you listen to it more than when you were active? “I did.”

In response to the bright answer comments flooded in calling it ‘true madness.’

‘You kill a character once.’

Park Moon-dae sighed and clicked his tongue at the neatness that even the elderly seemed to like.

Anyway he raised both fists as if he was supporting his seniors and waited for the next song.

However in the meantime the production team faced an unexpected problem.

“I almost ran out of songs I prepared.”

“…!!”

We’re out of song selection!

The idols burning with ambition chewed up all the songs.

-How good are you?

-But I thought it would be like this ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

-Guys you know this is just a game for laughs right?

-Oh they’re all so sincere it’s so funny haha.

And at this time there were people who raised their hands.

There were now more dropouts than survivors.

“Then let’s choose a song!”

“Oh where are all the old people! This is something that someone like me who knows the latest trends…”

“hey! “You also failed in the 5th round!”

“Don’t be cocky! “Don’t be cocky just because you’re the youngest!”

It’s an exciting situation where the eliminated people led by T-holic sit together and choose a new song!

-LOL what is it?

-These idols’ sense of song selection… I’m afraid!

The attention of real-time viewers naturally focused on the song selections of those eliminated.

What on earth will the incumbents choose?

And amidst the new fun the remaining songs from the remaining production team were played.

It was a dance collaboration song between male idol members with nothing particularly special about it.

[Come out and whip it whip it whip it

Just dance]

But it wasn’t exciting anymore. It’s just a song like a passing road.

-I’m looking forward to the new song selection haha.

The moment when interest in the current round naturally fades.

“left.”

“…?”

The participants flinched as Cheongryeo’s clear voice suddenly reached their ears.

‘left?… ah!’

I realized that the majority of participants meant to perform a neater group dance by following the direction of the choreography steps. So I quickly tried to coordinate the direction of development with Cheongryeo.

But the admiration came before that.

“…!!”

Because there were some participants who moved as if it were a reflex reaction as soon as Cheongryeo’s instructions were given.

They were instantly synchronized before the beat even started.

[Dancing till dawn today

That’s the rule rule rule]

These are the VTIC members.

“…!!”

“Wow that!”

With unbelievable timing the eliminated contestants also suddenly lifted their upper bodies.

Comments were faster.

-Look at the reaction

-what?

-crazy

The board which had been wilting due to the ridiculous angle of the knife immediately heated up.

“…”

Park Moon-dae also had a hunch.

There was just a scene that was supposed to be cut the moment it was aired.

‘Even though the team was split up the value of the group name increased.’

It was a terrifying feeling.

‘It’s not that easy… ’

It was a moment when Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin looked at each other and smiled slightly bitterly to avoid being caught on camera.

“…hmm.”

Dropout magnet.

One member who was watching what was going on gently intervened while Tea Holic was passionately selecting a song and naturally pointed out a song.

“How about this next time?”

“Oh… our song?”

“haha.”

Around the time when T-holic Ha Jin-tae blinked at Ryu Cheong-woo’s suggestion.

The next round was continuing in front of them.

[I’m okay with that Babe

Boooo-

With a trembling heart I greet you you really are

Ah Blow my heart out!]

The song released this time is… the refrain of a dance song by a female idol aiming for cute and easy popularity!

The viewers who regained their concentration immediately cried out.

Who?

-This is it.

-You came.

-scram

– Dance God Dance King Copy Machine Doom Chit Bae

The last dance copy warrior who quietly continued to dance along behind these monsters.

Bae Se-jin!

The moment for him to be active is now!

It’s not too difficult and it’s cute and impressive so it’s worth a try!

-good!

“ah…”

-??

But… reality was dull.

Even though it was almost a set-up Bae Se-jin did not stand out that much this time.

I just danced moderately hard as before and didn’t try to monopolize the spotlight by playing the center.

I just coordinated my movements appropriately around Cheongryeo and Lee Se-jin who are on the same blue team.

‘hmm… ’

I guess I thought ‘Among these guys who are so sincere and good at things I’m a bit of a loser.’

Park Moon-dae checked this while doing the time-staggered rabbit head choreography with Jin Chae-yul.

And as he expected the real-time comment response faded a bit.

-Well done

-Huh the end?

-Hmm haha

-It’s great that you survived haha.

It’s just… not fun.

“Yes~ Then next time!”

And it was the moment when T-holic and the eliminated candidates who had just finished discussing song selection introduced a new song list.

-Ooohhhhhhh

-Ah they taste good!

The new song caught my attention and Bae Se-jin was soon forgotten.

After one or two songs like that.

[Take ma base

[Um-ha]

A unique song came out.

A very intense hip-hop dance song that the T-holic dance unit released when they were young.

The song which can be seen as a collection of all kinds of carefully designed angles grooves and expressions was quite a hit.

-oh

-It’s been a while since this happened.

-It’s a famous song haha.

Viewers had small expectations that they would be able to see each group’s elite dance members show off their individual skills.

It was that moment.

“brother!”

“…!?”

suddenly.

Bae Se-jin suddenly jumped forward as if it were a spinal reflex.

-uh

-for a moment

But before I could react.

It pours in from the choreography.

“…!!”

Surprisingly Bae Se-jin started dancing the intense fast and difficult choreography without any hesitation using her whole body.

Almost exactly the same as Lee Se-jin who called him right next to him and came out with him.

[!!!!]

If there had been subtitles it was a powerful introduction that would have been replayed over and over again with the huge red font taking over the screen.

And that amazing power continued to explode until the end of the dance break.

Until the last move.

thud.

“just now! “Mr. Sejin!”

Naturally as soon as the song ended there was an uproar both in the production team and in the elimination room.

Questions poured out to Bae Se-jin who accepted the microphone.

“What did you just do!”

Bae Se-jin wiping off his sweat answered while taking a deep breath.

“Because it’s a song I’ve been practicing for a long time…”

“yes?”

“This is the basic practice song for debut…”

“Oooooh!!”

That’s right.

After debuting as Testa Bae Se-jin had to study the rest and receive advice from dance members due to her lack of basic skills.

Of course rather than Sun Ah-hyun who was a major or Cha Yu-jin who danced almost instinctively the dance members who were experts at practicing were mainly in charge.

That was Sejin Lee.

-Hmm… Isn’t this the best? But if you have other candidates in mind I can’t help it~

-… doesn’t exist.

-Oh yes.

Even when we feel like each other is undesirable and annoying. It was a practice I did without hesitation even though I gritted my teeth in discomfort.

Of course I had no choice but to get it on my body.

It still spills out when I tap it.

-I’m crazy

-You debuted and practiced as Testa right?

-Bae Se-jin didn’t escape for no reason amazing;;

And… Bae Se-jin pointed to the side with a shaking hand.

“…He told me.”

“…!”

“Oooh!”

Lee Se-jin who had been singled out looked back at him with a slightly surprised face but then burst into laughter.

“Ah you did a good job!”

“…”

Bae Se-jin laughed as if the wind had gone out.

I felt like some old tension had disappeared.

After a few rounds he was naturally eliminated but it was an honorable elimination that was no longer treated as a dance skunk.

and…

“Wow! “In just 1 hour and 30 minutes!”

Finally the last five people remain.

‘It was long… ’

And Park Mun-dae persevered and survived!

* * *

The MT lawn filming location is almost like a finals atmosphere.

“Can I hear your thoughts? &lt;Sunflower&gt; You were left alone in the yellow team.”

“Going sunflower!”

I accepted the microphone while listening to Jin Chae-yul’s cheering.

“But only Moon Dae’s position here is the main vocalist.”

“Of course.”

So up to now you have acted as a punching bag to help Sejin Lee stand out.

Of course the question was good.

“How do you know so well?”

“Because I am sincere about K-pop.”

-You know.

-Now it’s hard not to know

-Don’t go anywhere and say that you’re from Godbangin even trainees don’t do that.

-17 Songs Survival K-Pop Machine appoints you as an honorary dance line

Thank you for your enthusiastic support.

After laughing at some of the comments on the screen the writer showed I gave the yellow team a fighting sign and stood.

Next to me a survivor from the blue team was being interviewed.

as soon as…

“Mr. Cheongryeo! “The original group was VTIC.”

“Is that so?”

“Now that you are the only final survivor there do you have anything to say to the members who fell first?”

“Well the blue boat team is the winner right?”

“Hahaha!”

Cheongryeo.

‘I’m tired.’

I saw the VTIC guys crying and shouting ‘V-Tick wins today too!’ and asking them to remember their slogan even though the team was divided.

Cheongnyeo will ultimately remain until the end so their narrative will be completed well…

We also have the main dancer left.

“And… our production team’s pick for the winner! Sejin Lee!”

“Oh really? “This is a little embarrassing!”

Testa must eat until the final impact.

‘Be good.’

I briefly greeted Lee Se-jin with just my eyes and then took my seat.

The interview ended not very long.

“Then let’s start singing again!”

There was a sense of tension.

The long-awaited final round.

Cheongryeo and Lee Se-jin. Of the two who will survive until the end and eat up this entire narrative as the victor of the blue team…

[Oooooh! My sorrow runs along the Seomjingang River~]

“…?!”

…there was none.

A lawn filled with silence.

The rich lyrics of the song filled the speakers with a beautiful orchestra and sci-fi-colored media sounds.

However the strangely savory rhythm between them strangely reminds me of trot…

-???

-?!?!!?

That’s right.

“We never said we only play K-pop from idols!”

“…!!”

K-pop is not just about idols.

A masterpiece in the style of psychedelic song full of the experimental spirit of a vocalist-turned-trot singer.

That song is gaining cult popularity among seniors!

It is &lt;Seomjin River Lover&gt;.

…I heard later that the real-time comment response to this decisive battle song also turned upside down.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

-What is this hahaha?

-No even if you know this song is there anyone who knows the choreography? LOL

-For fishing???LOL

but.

-???

-Wait a minute who just said?

-omg

-I was just alone in the center.

After going through a situation full of exclamation marks…

“Oooh!”

With a flushed face he was hugged by Ryu Cheng-wu and suddenly held up the trophy…

“The winner is Kim Rae-bin!”

It was Kim Rae-bin.

“thank you!”

That’s right.

Extremely broad and tolerant tastes.

And even the ability to research data for producing.

This guy who listens to and listens to all kinds of songs truly doesn’t discriminate between genres…

“I would like to give this honor to my senior Wongokja Ki Seong-cheol who broadened my creative vision with great songs and choreography!”

“Waaaa!!”

“Green team wins!”

“…”

-The person who knows K-pop the best won hahaha.

“…”

Master of K-Pop King of K-Pop.

It was a moment where it was truly confirmed who among us was the most sincere about K-pop.
