---
title: "Chapter 607"
category: "book"
index: 606
section: "Chapter 607"
slug: "607"
---

# Chapter 607

“Raebin Kim! Kim Rae-bin!”

“thank you!”

After filming &lt;Random Play Dance&gt; was completed.

I shook my head as I looked at the green team which had become a frenzied Kim Rae-bin praise group and the excited camera corps.

‘It’s going to be like that for a while.’

It was worth it.

The guy who won the title with two consecutive hits following a ghost story to test his courage was actually the main player in that team’s final victory.

And from a practical standpoint it wasn’t that damn temporary team but the main player in the victory of the Testa variety show.

‘I never thought I would win there like that.’

A rapper who beats out all the prominent dance lines and wins? It is truly a human topic.

Isn’t it rare to find someone who pays for food properly even on unexpected items?

‘They do more than one thing every time.’

I chuckled as I saw him having fun.

Sure enough it was only after completing the interview with the production team that Raebin Kim was able to leave the green team and receive congratulations from the Testa members in earnest.

Then this word came out.

“Oh by the way Yujin was eliminated first and Raevin stayed until the end.”

“Oh really?”

This is what happened when Kim Rae-bin and Cha Yu-jin were fighting over who was better at the random play dance.

It’s been a long time since there was such a clear decision on win or loss.

“Hey~ Ravin’s method was right!”

“Wow that’s amazing…!”

“That’s right. “This is a claim that has been proven to be true so I will not hesitate to say that it is an immodest statement!”

Kim Rae-bin looked back at Cha Yu-jin who had been eliminated early and was sitting in the elimination box with a proud expression on her face.

And shouted.

“I won so admit it and move forward!”

“Uuuu…”

Cha Yu-jin had a clumsy face but eventually slumped her shoulders and nodded.

“OK. Raebin Kim remained the longest.”

“…!”

“congratulations.”

I saw.

Raebin Kim makes a rare gesture of gratitude while looking at the sky.

‘Is this a goal celebration?’

Of course like the deep-rooted bastard I am I immediately tried to encourage the loser instead of making fun of him.

“Confidence is a virtue of an idol but from now on you just need to learn the habit of listening more to the advice of others Cha Yu-jin!”

“OK.”

Cha Yu-jin nodded her head calmly and Kim Rae-bin returned to her serious youngest self bowed politely to us and left.

“Then I will change my clothes and come back!”

“Are you coming?”

Still I still had fun walking.

After watching Kim Rae-bin enter the MT building I turned my head to Cha Yu-jin who had lost with the intention of offering some words of consolation.

However the person involved had a calm expression on his face.

“…?!”

“…You lost are you okay?”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged her shoulders in response to Bae Se-jin’s puzzled question.

“Challenge is not best if it lasts long. “I’m cooler than Kim Rae-bin.”

“…!”

“Then why didn’t you respond like that earlier?”

“Because I’m a good boy who cares about my friends’ feelings!”

Fluent and pleasant English followed.

[Kim Rae-bin had an experience that will never last forever thinking that she beat me with dance. Just let them enjoy it enough.]

Then he lay down on the grass and started whistling to enjoy his rest.

“…”

“…”

He was truly a great guy.

‘Both of us won’t lose to each other even if we die.’

They are of the same age and have similar abilities.

Bae Se-jin who was watching all this quietly opened his mouth.

“It may seem a bit obnoxious… but I think I understand your feeling of satisfaction.”

“is it so?”

Well you might think so because this guy like Cha Yu-jin fell with an impressive blow.

‘That basic exercise song.’

The intense choreography with all kinds of steps and moves was probably not what the public expected from Bae Se-jin.

“No that doesn’t mean I dance as well as Cha Yu-jin!”

Bae Se-jin muttered with a somewhat proud expression.

“I was lucky with the song selection… Lee Se-jin gave me the right signal at the right time.”

“But the results of my brother’s practice are correct.”

Bae Se-jin did not deny it.

The guy talked about how he felt at the time with a slightly embarrassed expression and then decided ‘I have to say thank you to Lee Se-jin as expected.’

“…”

I saw Bae Se-jin heading towards a person with the same name on the same team.

However in this situation there was actually one more contributor besides Keun Se-jin.

I took a step and quietly stood next to the guy who was sitting with a happy expression on his face while the green team was praising Raebin Kim.

Liu Chengwu.

‘Bae Se-jin thought he was lucky but… ’

“My brother did it. that.”

“…”

“Bae Se-jin’s song selection.”

“ah. “You saw it.”

It’s obvious even if you don’t look at it.

Didn’t this guy say something to T-Holic and then Bae Se-jin’s practice song came out as the next song? Even a kindergartener would have guessed it if only he knew the circumstances.

This guy just picked up that practice song and put it into the song selection.

So that Bae Se-jin can play an active role.

“I hoped that Sejin wouldn’t regret holding on for so long.”

“That’s a good decision.”

“thank you.”

Ryu Cheong-woo accepted the Gongchisa without hesitation but added ‘I don’t think there is a need to emphasize it to Sejin.’

And grinned.

“Ah but I didn’t ask for that trot song in the last round.”

“…”

“It was a song I didn’t know to begin with.”

That’s it… I guess so.

Seomjin River Rubber. Kim Rae-bin is probably the only one among the cast who appreciates and remembers it enough to remember the choreography.

No it may not be a cast member but it may be unique among all current idols…

‘The production team probably included it as a joke as it was a break from choreography creation time.’

“Ravin was probably the only one who knew that.”

“that’s right.”

Liu Chengwu readily agreed.

“Ravin is truly a genius.”

“yes.”

“Yes… it’s good to see you displaying all your skills like this.”

“…”

Before I knew it Kim Rae-bin who had changed her clothes was running out of the building.

And even Bae Se-jin who is having a conversation with Big Se-jin.

Liu Qingyu looked at the scenes for a moment then turned his head and looked at the red sun.

It was time for the sun to set.

“You also showed your skills as a leader. what.”

The moment of judgment when putting a member in the right place.

Liu Qingyu looked a little surprised but then his smile returned.

“okay? Well my skills…”

The guy’s words became blurred.

And in the midst of a quiet sunset. A quiet voice was heard.

“It would be nice if we could keep doing this.”

“…?”

What is it?

‘Why are you using such meaningful language again?’

I asked hesitantly.

“Are you planning on not renewing your contract?”

“huh? “Mundae it hasn’t been long since we renewed our contract.”

Fortunately Liu Chengwu laughed as if it was absurd and immediately denied it.

“I think the way you talk makes you seem uncertain about the future.”

“Is that so?”

Liu Chengyu saw the sunset on the road.

“Maybe it’s because it’s the activity season soon.”

“…”

This was definitely a somewhat unique activity.

This is because they are risking everything without being able to guess the odds of winning rationally.

“I’ll do my best.”

“me too.”

A quiet break from filming due to interviews.

Liu Chengwu and I sat quietly and thought about what would come next after this entertainment show.

The long-awaited release of a new song.

* * *

After the sun sets.

“Oh it was really fun brothers!”

“Wow we really had fun!”

In the lull of the interview Gold 2 spacer Kwon Hee-seung also came up smiling and excitedly shook Keun Se-jin’s hand.

‘Your expression is fine.’

It seemed like he had a feeling that the amount of spacers would come out well.

Looking at the production team’s style here it seemed like they would give each group a fairly even portion without dividing it too much based on name value.

Moreover he has the position of successor to T-Holic.

-You say you are a T-holic of the MZ generation? No we are also MZ!

-Does anyone have pictures of us doing activities in our 20s?? I think it feels a bit similar…

-Spacer fans. These opinions are the personal opinions of Martin and Ha Jin-tae. I earnestly appeal that this is not the position of T Holic’s representative…

It was pretty funny.

And Kwon Hee-seung perhaps anticipating this picture sneakily approached me and said this.

“Actually if the Testa brothers said they wouldn’t appear I was wondering if I should use the wish ticket they gave me last time…”

hmm.

This guy was given it as compensation for his hard work with the server and other systems.

But we appeared on the show without even having time to use that ‘wish ticket’.

“Are you being considerate of us? “Oh my if it’s like this I think I can hit Sam with the wish ticket!”

I chuckled.

“There’s no need for that.”

“…wait a minute. That means that this appearance was also part of Moon Dae’s big picture! “Ugh too.”

no.

However he said things like ‘It definitely seemed like it would spark a firestorm of buzz’ and then stuck his tongue out at our decision to team up with VTIC this time.

“Honestly I’m not that big of a person so I was really nervous… If I were you I would have avoided it.”

No we wanted to do that too.

‘I got stabbed in the back.’

But Kwon Hee-seung eventually smiled.

“But I think I understand why you guys are so confident.”

“oh?”

“I saw it at work. that.”

Testa. The content of this album.

The guy with squinted eyes muttered in confusion then quickly bowed vigorously and disappeared.

“I look forward to the release!”

“…”

Even though he seems to be trying to please me he is strangely in a bad mood.

‘I guess it’s because I was surprisingly good at finding facts.’

I chuckled.

It was then.

“Well junior it seems like your company is confident in this album.”

Fuck you.

‘There’s no sign of him.’

When I turned my head Cheongryeo who had finished the interview was standing next to me.

The guy smiled.

“Are you surprised? sorry. by the way. “I wonder if you enjoyed this shoot.”

“…”

Here it would be easy to say back ‘I guess that’s what you did’ and keep each other in check.

After thinking briefly I opened my mouth.

“Senior.”

“hmm?”

“Why did you suggest this entertainment?”

“…”

I noticed it while filming.

“It is true that this entertainment show was beneficial to the VTIC seniors but I think it was just as beneficial to us.”

This guy definitely said ‘We will be beneficial to each other.’

But in the end I thought they would come up with a very cruel strategy and even with the boring VTIC guys they would somehow win and prey on Testa who was good at entertainment.

But in the end this entertainment wasn’t that bloody.

VTIC just did their best to do their part as VTIC but did not try to crush Testa’s character.

It means that Cheongryeo did not adopt a strategy to kill the opponent.

It’s to the point where you wonder if there’s a need for fair play like this when there’s already a lot of confusion surrounding the timing of the album’s release.

It’s not that it wasn’t a threat but it’s just common sense.

‘What is the reason?’

I looked at the guy.

Cheongryeo calmly opened her mouth.

“iced coffee. I already told you. This entertainment is said to increase the popularity of the show. Um… should I say it this way?”

The guy laughed and tapped his chin.

“Junior. “This group entertainment is content that should not cause excessive fatigue.”

“…!”

“I’m tired of conflict being incited even in entertainment shows… That’s a failure to control the pace. “The climax has to come from each person’s content.”

Cheongryeo explained in a low voice.

“The structure where VTIC and Testa prey on each other is a one-time event that can only be used at this moment. But I can’t do such a wasteful thing.”

“…”

There have been several instances in the past where activities of Testa and VTIC overlapped.

However this is the first time that the weight class is so similar that the winner or loser cannot be predicted.

And maybe… it might be the last time.

“Even if we release simultaneously in the future it will be difficult to maintain this structure. “Because topicality is something like smell.”

“smell.”

“Of all the senses in the human body it gets fatigued and dulled the fastest. “I would say he quickly adapts to the situation.”

Cheongnyeo smiled softly.

“The public gets tired and gets used to it that quickly.”

So he used this entertainment purely as an amplifier.

“It’s a moment that will never come again so we need to nurture it and use it well while maintaining balance with care.”

“…”

I never thought I would say this.

‘It’s a moment that will never come again.’

Now this kid knows how to say some pretty common sense things.

I chuckled.

“It’s strange to hear those words coming out of your mouth.”

“Is that so?”

okay.

“But that’s true.”

“…!”

I’m still mad about the comeback date… but still.

I held out my hand to the guy.

“Thanks to your recommendation I enjoyed filming. Senior… see you next time on a music broadcast.”

“…Not much to say.”

The handshake was short and firm.

And now it was time for the entertainment MT filming to come to a close.

With the main purpose of filming this entertainment show.

“Filming resumes!”

“yep!”

I don’t know the VTIC guys’ new song either.

Even the VTIC guys won’t know about Testa’s new song.

The only thing that is certain is what I have planned and prepared.

And about the things I prepared with the other Testa guys… I’ve said it repeatedly.

‘I am confident.’

“Now let’s take a look!”

We ran out onto the lawn that we had become accustomed to over the course of a day.

And then he smiled and took his stance.

“Testa’s new song performance starts now!”

* * *

A few days later.

The comeback date finally arrived at midnight.

“…”

In anticipation nervousness resentment excitement anxiety and excitement.

Testa’s music video has been released.
