---
title: "Chapter 608"
category: "book"
index: 607
section: "Chapter 608"
slug: "608"
---

# Chapter 608

Just before midnight.

Lee Se-jin and Park Moon-dae’s twin home workers Ryu Seo-jin sat in front of the PC after a long overtime shift.

“…”

It was long.

The past two months have been long with me working overtime like crazy to prepare so I could get my annual leave and half-day leave during the Testa activity period…

‘In some ways it might be fortunate.’

Because I was busy working I didn’t have time to really look at people’s reactions.

And now the Internet is truly a melting pot of confusion.

-Testa released today

-Crazy it’s really just one week since the comeback.

-Hands are shaking

-Tuesday testa next Friday V-Tik… Wow I’m so nervous I feel like I’m going to throw up.

-Awesome fun

The tense tension as if it would explode if pricked with a needle continued to swell to a dangerous point without losing a single ounce of air.

When a trailer for appearing together on the agency’s group entertainment show appeared there were times when more than half of the popular posts were related news.

This is because suspicions have increased as to whether they came out together to target him.

-What on earth is happening in Korea this year?

-All those bastards who are addicted to alcohol are getting old and greedy and damn my head feels like it’s going to explode.

-No matter how you look at this it seems like Letty came up with a crazy plan just to make it a hot topic.

-I definitely want to watch it haha.

Of course the conclusion was ‘Do you think LeTi is crazy?’ but public opinion was so crazy that the speculation became controversial.

In related communities and social media there is so much excitement that very few people who are not interested are so fed up with the timeline that they do not access it.

There was no longer any chance that an individual or some fandom would be caught misleading public opinion.

‘I don’t know what will happen to this now.’

She even became uncharacteristically nervous and violated her own unspoken rules.

She even secretly asked her older sister Ryu Seo-rin the author of Azusa.

Do you know why Testa’s comeback coincided with VTIC?

-… I don’t think he was aiming for it.

“after.”

I felt like I was going even crazier with that ambiguous answer.

Even people in the entertainment industry don’t know.

However the lack of a clear conclusion made people more anxious.

‘In a way it really… succeeded in making people unable to take their eyes off it.’

Including yourself.

She eventually rolled up a highball and sat in front of the PC again.

And it really was time.

“…”

In the silence a new video notification appeared in front of her.

[TeSTAR – Bad Feelings Official M/V]

The background of the thumbnail was… a dark shadowy interior of a warehouse.

And the white face of Park Moon-dae looking straight ahead with a scar on his face.

Mouth slightly open as if slightly surprised. And even the basic somewhat expressionless facial expression.

He looks handsome with his long flowing black hair.

Of course… I’m sure he’s pretty and handsome.

“under.”

The wound… and that composition.

…It was clear that there was a 90% chance that it would be a supernatural worldview concept.

Ryu Seo-jin frowned.

“Why…”

If I were to be too conceptual this time there would be major side effects.

I know that Testa originally targeted both domestic awareness and fandom with the formula of ‘intense conceptual content’ + ‘popular songs and choreography’.

‘It was an understandable strategy.’

No I thought it was quite clever and I even thought it was amazing.

However this was only possible because the public was not particularly interested in the idol worldview such as music videos and settings.

‘But this time everyone will be very interested.’

It was a topical side effect.

There were many people waiting for something to come out. Because I’m curious!

‘And as soon as it comes out it will be compared to VTIC.’

As a result VTIC’s Conceptual was famous for being well-received overseas so domestic public evaluations were more generous.

‘In comparison if this title music video looks even the slightest bit funny to Testa it’s a blatant negative.’

How to organize quality content.

Ryu Seo-jin squeezed his eyes thinking about the public opinion that would persistently dig into even the slightest chance of ridicule.

Of course to put it another way it means that the unfortunate situation of being buried without receiving attention even though it is truly attractive has been prevented…

‘The side effects will be serious too.’

-What is that? Fuck you lol.

-Did you do something like Testa?;;;

-I didn’t know idols did this kind of thing these days. Somehow. Feeling of disparity?

…something like this.

Twin Homma’s eyes trembled at the clearly expected reaction and his eyebrows furrowed.

However if Testa unconditionally releases a popular MV his overseas reputation as an ‘artist with an outstanding experimental spirit’ will fade…

There is no way Testa could have chosen that.

“under…”

okay.

Let’s endure a little ridicule. If I just picked a good song and performed well it would be gone.

‘I guess it’s like the mermaid aggro in the &lt;Promise&gt; music video.’

She drank her highball with half-resignation.

And this time I pressed the play button on the MV.

Sweet.

The first thing that appeared on the black screen was a corporate-like logo.

[TESTAR in

-Keep It Safe]

The text became unreadable and the video started.

Hwiik.

Bright images pass by.

That scene at the window with the sound of laughter the sound of bells and the curtains fluttering…

‘…classroom.’

school.

Playground broken school gate clock hallway school uniform desk messed up blackboard…

The scenes flowed past the outer cuts of the music videos for the debut album &lt;Magical Boy&gt; and beyond &lt;Airplane&gt; and &lt;Promise&gt;.

The panorama resembles the growth process of a boy or Testa.

The feast of countless short images…

widely.

It stopped while looking at the office keyboard.

Tap crack crack.

A background filled with the classic phone ringing and talking noises and the noise of flipping through documents.

A man’s white hands with shirt sleeves on a black typewriter tapped on the keyboard.

The camera moved up and showed his face.

This is Park Moon-dae wearing a neat office suit and dark glasses.

“…!”

And Kim Rae-bin’s soft singing rap that stands out over the bass that feels like tapping a pen.

[Get this feeling

Then I’ll fall and fall]

The music rushes.

Sensuous rhythmic beats and smooth guitar modulations flowed into a sophisticated pop melody.

The popular and adult-like accompaniment went through the steps smoothly.

At the same time Park Moon-dae lightly kicked out of his seat and stood up throwing down his glasses.

He was wearing a tight-fitting gray suit.

[Walk on asphalt

barefoot

Slowly and calmly still]

Lee Se-jin who was sitting behind him grins puts on his employee ID stands up and joins in coming to the front of Park Moon-dae.

And pair choreography with light steps and raising hands.

[Not yet reloaded

Reloading

Without fear without heat without you]

As she moved her feet and bounced her hands the camera turned and Sun Ah-hyun who was watering the plants gently joined the center and sang.

[Even in my dreams every day

you came out

[Sleepwalking again today]

Each time the camera rolls each member appears performs and joins the formation to create a testa.

Bae Se-jin with Cha Yu-jin’s coat draped over her shoulder with her tie almost undone; Kim Rae-bin in a tight-fitting black suit.

Even Ryu Cheong-woo rolled up his shirt to his elbows.

Even Twin Home blinked.

‘Is this a one-take performance with an office concept?’

Is there any fan who doesn’t like handsome and tall idols performing in neat suits?

[No resolutions are of any use]

And in keeping with the rhythm the screen occasionally spun around to show the modern movements of two white hands running across a black keyboard matching the choreography.

It was sensuous.

Around this time the expectation that a modern and artistic music video would be released was passing by.

[I received so much

I can’t throw away even one

I will also give you a gift]

Suddenly ripples appear on the keyboard.

Pop.

[…]

In silence.

Park Mun-dae raised his hand and swept the back of his hand where the ripples had touched it.

There were drops of blood.

[These bad feelings!

Don’t leave too

[Think of me every morning]

Inside the office Testa continues to wear a three-piece suit that fits each person and performs on stage with dancers.

A strong and cheerful choreography was performed using a gentleman’s umbrella pushing the office desk.

[These bad feelings!

You take it too

Take it out every day like me]

However on the one hand a strange storyline unfolds.

Testa discovers strange traces on the office ceiling during overtime or while drinking coffee in the bathroom during a break.

Blackened logo secret passage hidden symbol.

[Umm-um Dduru-du

Even when the sun sets and the moonlight falls

Unforgettable feelings]

Even being surprised to discover a suspicious black torso covered in white cloth and a strange foundation in the basement warehouse.

An explosion a face turning its head a hand knocking on the door and A4 paper flying in the air.

Bae Se-jin shaking his hand Ryu Cheong-woo waving his eyes

And even Kim Rae-bin’s awl that broke the office window.

[Uuuuuu-!]

All the cutscenes pass by quickly.

It was… like a drama highlight trailer.

‘What… is this?’

[Bad feelings!]

Testa’s performance which sang about obsession with a relationship that had left in the meantime was almost over.

Cha Yu-jin standing in the center quickly made a turn and landed on her knees on the floor grinning.

[These bad feelings-!]

And the ending in a dark office amid glowing electric spotlights.

[after!]

Colorful clips poured onto the camera as Lee Se-jin blew a kiss.

Ending credits.

‘…’

“under.”

Only after the music video ended did Twin Homma exhale.

And I moved my hand reflexively.

‘The comment is… ’

As expected there was a lot of screaming in all kinds of languages.

This is the only thing that has any content.

– Suit

-love you

-This is okay crazy crazy

-Thank you crazy people for dressing up each type of suit well.

-Seon Ah-hyun stuffed black socks and garters

-Cheongwoo Pomade Wankan Poka please

It was worth it.

‘I came out aiming for it.’

The destructive power of Testa who poured out the sophisticated and sexy suit concept that he cherished without warning was incredible.

Since I have been wearing techwear old uniforms or remodeled traditional clothing other than school uniforms the satisfaction of this basic thirst has been enormous.

Even the somewhat cynical girl almost had all kinds of calculations running through her mind as she thought about taking stage photos right away!

-The suit’s blessings are endless…

‘…’

I agreed.

However regarding the strange story line that started from the first verse… As reason returned my head began to keep score.

It definitely wasn’t too creepy. That was really fortunate. but…

‘For some reason it felt like I was just scratching the surface.’

Usually even if an idol’s music video has a storyline it is only part of the worldview for the fandom or for the impact of the song.

In other words exaggerated theatrical and surreal aspects often stood out.

In the end it is clearly revealed that this was an act only for the brief impact of this music video.

‘It was the same with Testa.’

Moreover since one of the members was a famous actor he was able to control it well and stand out even more.

‘…Bae Se-jin.’

But these are the short cut scenes in this music video.

There Bae Se-jin was shown on screen not with a theatrical performance but with a slightly awkward and natural attitude and expression.

It feels more realistic than a drama.

‘Did you end up like this because you were trying not to make me cringe?’

As a fan it was interesting and experimental… but it was disappointing because it was like a still cut from a trailer and the performance without that was so good.

‘There is nothing that will help my grades.’

Isn’t it just taking up playing time?

Twin Homma thought with cold eyes.

‘If you’re going to freak out over 30 minutes of the MV story extended film please release it much later.’

The number of views will be scattered and the public who cannot sympathize with it may react hesitantly.

Although she was a little worried she decided to trust the sense of the idols she was photographing.

Now that the company has become independent of course the right to speak will have become stronger.

‘I said a detailed activity schedule table would be released tomorrow right?’

It will be clear when you check it then.

But the next day.

“…”

She confirms shocking news.

There was indeed a schedule for releasing additional content that appeared to be related to those brief cutscenes in the music video.

Even next week!

‘Then it coincides with the release of the VTIC music video.’

But it wasn’t the worst that Twin Homma expected.

Because it wasn’t some stupid MV extension.

[Episode 1 of Testa’s Strange Office released]

Its own content.

Testa is famous for traditionally making and supplying rice cakes during breaks in activities.

Those cut scenes in the music video… were actually the highlight of Testa’s own office reality show!

“…”

The trailer was indeed correct.

-Pre-release video release this Friday.

Twin Homma who had been staring blankly at the screen came to his senses for a moment.

But wait.

Images of these very meaningful unique and even slightly creepy cut scenes flashed through my mind.

‘If the still cuts were like that… ’

What on earth did Testa choose?
