---
title: "Chapter 609"
category: "book"
index: 608
section: "Chapter 609"
slug: "609"
---

# Chapter 609

Turn back time a little and it’s sunny April.

Crack.

I was sitting in the company office with the blinds closed and typing on the keyboard.

[Due date for this quarter

-____________]

A random Excel file was opened in front of me. I never wrote it but it was installed on this PC anyway.

In the quiet office every desk was occupied by company people and among them was the person sitting next to me who spoke to me.

“Mr. Moon no Mr. Park!”

Big Sejin wearing a dark blue suit smiled and offered the office worker a drink.

“How about Americano? “I just got off.”

“Good.”

There may be only one question that comes to mind when people watch this video.

-Is that coffee PPL?

The straight answer is no. It’s just coffee in the bathroom.

‘It’s been a while since I did something like this while filming.’

In the midst of the flood of WeTube content in the age of advertising this is such a clean private tumbler.

I drank the iced Americano in one gulp and returned the tumbler to him.

“Thank you. Assistant Manager Lee.”

“Nothing to say~”

Of course we are currently filming our own content.

‘I became an office worker to match the new album’s suit concept.’

I looked down at my gray suit with light stripes.

The custom-made suit which I had never worn even as an office worker fit my body perfectly.

We’ll talk later about how we were able to create our own content without PPL while wearing something like this… Anyway.

Thanks to that I was excited and aimed to be able to show real corporate life without indirect advertising.

“But Manager Bae Se-jin at the company dinner yesterday you said you would show me something at work today~”

“…I?”

“yes! “Ah it’s not like you don’t remember right?”

Bae Se-jin who had neatly set her bangs and slicked back her bangs gritted her teeth and responded to Big Se-jin who smiled as he told her to take it.

“…okay. I remembered. “Assistant Manager Lee Se-jin got drunk and shouted that he was leaving the company so I said I would show him the resignation interview.”

“…Oh me?”

“huh.”

“I think you heard wrong.”

“No that’s right.”

“No.”

The manager and assistant manager with the same name try to win through propaganda and fabrication.

“Good morning! I’m not late! “It’s still 9 o’clock!”

Manager Cha Yoo-jin who came running in on time alone with hot blonde hair.

“Director Cha is a foreign graduate of a prestigious university. “In that culture time comes exactly on time.”

“Is that so?”

“Then there’s nothing we can do.”

“Where did you come from? Harvard?”

[Harvard? The Ivy League is a place for seniors. The real university is in the west.]

[Please shut up. Eugene.]

The production team has a knack for making hot comments that would otherwise go through the agony of editing.

And… the most capable among them is the intern.

“Yeeees! Raebin Kim is an intern so she works for me!”

“…”

“Chief I’m the chief!”

Bae Se-jin was conflicted and fought back for the setting.

“…okay! “Please follow the example of Ravin intern Cha Yu-jin and work hard.”

“yes…?”

Kim Rae-bin who became the youngest intern suddenly looked at Bae Se-jin with a shocked face.

Bae Se-jin who was trying to continue the skit tried to look away with a tired expression on his face…

“no! Just work with me. “Imitate me!”

“…! All right!”

Failed.

Sejin Lee held back her laughter and slammed her head into her desk.

“…”

It’s just… a skit.

‘Is it realistic in the meantime?’

There doesn’t seem to be much hope.

Moreover there are some exceptions that no one would have guessed.

“I brought you a print.”

“ah. thank you Thank you for your hard work.”

“haha. It’s okay if you tell me. Assistant Manager Park.”

“…”

Even intern Ryu Cheng-wu.

“Chief are you here!”

“Chief!”

Even the manager Sun Ah-hyeon was born through a lottery.

‘I’m confused.’

There are people breaking out in a cold sweat after seeing a picture of their ranking being shattered.

I was silent as I watched the next steps of Liu Chengwu who was completely neat and dressed in a formal black suit to match the image of an ‘intern’.

“Ravin let’s work hard.”

“Yes Cheongwoo!”

“Oh since we were interns we decided to talk comfortably.”

“…I will try to do that no I will try!”

Kim Rae-bin was broken.

“Manager please take care of yourself today as well.”

“Thank you…”

And Sun Ah-hyun also broke down.

I shook my head inwardly when I saw Seon Ah-hyeon whose face was turning red and coughing.

For reference the reaction he had when he was the last member to enter this office was unusual.

Enthusiastic cheers as if the president had entered the room!

“The best manager!”

“Awesome! “He said he was having a board meeting!”

“Amazing! Wow!”

I thought that guy’s face was going to explode.

“Daree Moon Mr. Moon do you know that? Manager Seon Ah-hyun is actually the chairman’s secret grandson…”

“stop.”

“yes.”

This setting was cut off before Sun Ah-hyun fainted.

After that I inevitably realize one thing.

‘Here… am I the only one who can take charge of the proceedings?’

This is a mess where everyone gets dragged around by the settings.

This means that the country must also be cut off.

It’s like this.

“Hmm I think intern Chungwoo does a good job!”

“That’s right he’s the pillar of our company.”

“…an intern?”

The two guys went berserk at Bae Se-jin’s hesitant question.

“Manager Bae Se-jin just spoke about discrimination against interns!”

“I heard you can be converted because it’s a hired intern! Black and white! What should we do because we feel sorry for our intern?”

“Oh no…!”

In my head the comment reaction of ‘hahahahaha’ came to mind but I saved Bae Se-jin before she sank.

“Speaking of pillars what are our department’s goals for this quarter?”

“ah…!”

Bae Se-jin’s face brightened as he finally realized that he was finally entering the proper office setting and quickly moved to the whiteboard.

Of course it’s an illusion.

I saw Lee Se-jin whispering to Manager Seon Ah-hyeon.

“Such a smart question. As expected Manager Moon is the pillar of our company. Isn’t that right Manager?”

“Ugh!”

“…”

The rank is just… water.

Strange scenes unfold that would have been unthinkable in real office life.

‘They’re even subtly calling me Manager Moon not Manager Park.’

It is a family business in the true sense of the word…

I don’t know what the true behavior of a superior is since I’ve only been an assistant manager.

“We… right. “It’s the company that develops that AI.”

What is certain is that Bae Se-jin throws an unreasonable number and it is funny.

I nodded looking at the mysterious circle he was drawing on the whiteboard.

“But what is that?”

“…It’s an AI assistant device.”

“ah.”

“I see…!”

I ignored Se-jin Lee’s head on his desk and his shoulders shaking.

And the price of turning away was severe.

After the absurd ‘Universal AI Development Idea Discussion’.

“Director Moon said he would take responsibility for the process.”

“and!”

The arrow came back to me.

“I am…”

“A pillar of our company!”

“…”

Is this what happens in the end?

“Oh right. Manager Moon was also working on Excel earlier.”

“…”

I decided to adapt to reality.

‘It’s funny because it’s unrealistic… ’

Without hiding my nervousness I sat down lightly in my seat with a sigh.

Is it now my turn to make up a story?

“Is this the Excel file?”

I don’t know.

“That’s right. First let’s set a goal.”

Feeling like I was cheating I opened the Excel file from earlier and started typing.

‘Comte is like that.’

When I placed the cursor a date input field appeared.

[Due date for this quarter

-____Year____Month___Day]

“I wonder what June 18th would be like~?”

“okay. Debut… no it’s a date that somehow feels like a special anniversary!”

Are you coming?

‘The fans will find it fun.’

I followed their instructions and started typing furiously.

[Due date for this quarter

-June 18 20XX]

That was the moment when I entered it and got the result.

Pick.

For a moment the monitor blinked.

“ah.”

Tuk.

Liquid fell on the back of my hand.

When I raised my head in the coldness I saw water droplets falling from the ceiling as if it had leaked…

It was blood.

“…!!”

“Your hand on the door!!”

…I was surprised even though I knew it.

‘This is how it appears.’

I got scared and pulled my arm away from the members who were trying to tear my arm off and wiped it with a tissue.

“Maybe it’s tomato juice?”

“Ooooh… should I try it?”

“it’s crazy?”

In reality it may have been food coloring using starch syrup but in any case everyone was horrified by the production which seemed to be aimed at blood.

Liu Qingyu looked at the ceiling and quickly gave instructions.

“wait for a sec. Chief Cha Yu-jin. See the pole on the left? “Let’s write it.”

“Yep.”

Cha Yu-jin said ‘Ah the intern to the chief!’ As if he had momentarily forgotten the same skit he lifted the pole in the left corner as Liu Chengyu said.

Tootong.

The outdoor unit panel on the blood-stained ceiling opened and what was hanging precariously fell down with red water droplets and hung languidly…

“…!”

It has a sticky red scab on it.

“calendar?”

That’s right.

It is also a wall-mounted calendar that you tear off one page at a time from the old days.

The members crowded around the calendar unable to get close to each other.

And they shout in unison.

“July?”

[July]

The calendar was showing July with all the previous month’s pages torn off…

“But it’s April now…”

For a moment the scene disappeared in a flash of horror.

“…Did we set this in July?”

“In that case the clothes we wore are not for summer use…”

“Wait a minute.”

I looked at the PC.

Now I can see the time written in the bottom left corner.

10\:07 AM

20XX-07-07

“July 7th.”

“…!”

That moment. The other members also hurriedly ran to their PCs and checked the time.

“It’s July 7th for me too.”

“me too…!”

There was silence for a moment.

“So… is today July 7th?”

“Is that so…?”

Instead of participating I looked back at the calendar hanging from the ceiling.

Those dates.

“…Mundae hyung?”

“Still it’s strange.”

“yes?”

I pointed to July 7th on the calendar.

The leftmost number written in red.

“Today is Sunday.”

“…!!”

day off.

Not going to work.

“…”

Bae Se-jin opened his mouth with trembling eyes.

“Then why are we at work…?”

Where are we?

That’s how Testa’s creepy and strange company tour began.

* * *

And again in May.

On the screen after the pre-release video a trailer was playing.

[Next story]

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: Manager you came back from a meeting in the morning. Did anything strange happen there?]

[Manager Seon Ah-hyun\: Ugh… not really.]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: What specifically did you talk about?]

[Manager Seon Ah-hyeon\:… that.]

There was silence on the screen.

[Scary silence]

And the real-time reaction is exploding.

-It was probably just a set-up meeting anyway but the effect of not remembering anything is scary.

-What the fuck?

-Ah I like thriller dogs. Look at them pecking a lot.

“This was really scary.”

“That’s right!”

-I’ve never written in Excel but now that I’m looking at the interview with a liberal arts college that said it was installed on my computer I’m horrified;;

-This isn’t a joke… ㅠㅠ

-Suddenly becomes unable to smile while laughing

“Oh good response.”

“This is a good start right?”

[What really happened in the Testa department in July?]

The testers who watched all the subtitles of the last trailer slapped their palms.
