---
title: "Chapter 610"
category: "book"
index: 609
section: "Chapter 610"
slug: "610"
---

# Chapter 610

This is the living room of Testa’s accommodation.

As usual I was in a lazy mood after finishing monitoring the pre-release of entertainment shows.

“Even though we were busy it was nice to get together like this right?”

“Ugh…”

“Yes… haam.”

“Our office workers’ entertainment show is fun.”

Sleepy members yawned or dozed off here and there.

Since the music video was released the schedules were already very tight so rather than monitoring each other during the free time they chose to gather together and watch it together even if it was late.

“Now let’s sleep… We’re waking up again at 3 a.m. tomorrow.”

“God…”

Naturally Testa got up from the living room sofa and moved in groups of two or three to go to sleep.

There is no particular tension. Everyone may have many expectations and anxieties about the promotion period that is about to begin but at least they seem to be comfortable when they are working together.

It seemed like there was nothing to worry about.

Liu Chengwu checked them one by one on his way to wash his face.

And when he came out of the bathroom with a towel in his hand all the members had gone to bed.

Except for one person.

Park Moon-dae is sitting in a dark kitchen quietly drinking water.

“…”

It was a calm face.

“…brother?”

When he called without thinking Park Moon-dae’s older cousin Ryu Geon-woo turned to look at him. Liu Qingyu sat across from him and made a thoughtful invitation.

“Now you should go in and sleep.”

Park Moon-dae was silent for a moment before answering.

“Watching the pre-release of the office variety show reminded me of the filming time.”

“ah.”

I guess I was remembering how things turned around after the bloody calendar fell from the ceiling outdoor unit.

‘Is it worth not being able to sleep?’

Liu Chengwu who somehow became cheerful grinned.

“Did you try to go inside the ceiling outdoor unit?”

“…”

Park Moon-dae ignored Ryu Cheong-woo’s gaze!

* * *

After an atmosphere of fear was suddenly created in a company entertainment program where people wore suits and talked.

“…First of all there seems to be no separate way. “There are some blood stains.”

“Mundae your legs are shaking right now.”

It’s because of my mood.

I took out the upper body that had been placed in the ceiling to explore.

‘It’s a waste of a suit.’

It was a dust pit.

“thank god. “If I had seen the ghost of Mundaemundae I would have fainted.”

no.

‘I did this to clear my name as a scaremonger so don’t be upset.’

Anyway I stepped down from the desk avoiding the calendar and the guys finally regained their composure and started talking again.

Topic\: What kind of situation is this?

“Why is it suddenly July in the current time zone and why do we have to go to work on Sunday? Um does anyone know?”

Of course there was no reaction.

“Looking at the door frame being twisted it doesn’t seem like there’s a secret passage or anything like that through that ceiling.”

“okay.”

Bae Se-jin nodded.

“I don’t think it’s like the zombie entertainment show.”

“…A zombie entertainment show?”

“ah!”

Suddenly it seemed like it occurred to them that this was all an office worker’s contest and they started to hurriedly cover Bae Se-jin.

“Escape the room! “I’m sure you mean escaping the room!”

“Ugh…!”

“okay. We had a company dinner and escaped the room. that!”

“that’s right. “The manager took the lead~ Our intern Ryu played an active part!”

Those who returned to their duties successfully immersed themselves once again into their identity as office workers.

At the same time I became cautious thanks to the strange tension created by the bloody calendar.

“First let’s look for clues here.”

“okay. “I think there might be a hint.”

Instead of running out right away I decided to explore the office.

‘I think it would be fun for the viewers to be scared because it seems like they are overly immersed.’

“Let’s do it together Director Moon!”

“Of course. Chief.”

I followed Cha Yu-jin’s recommendation and started searching the office and I definitely found out one thing.

“There are a lot of things locked down.”

“Oh…”

Several cabinets and desk drawers were locked.

If you don’t have anything to fill you can just leave it empty but it’s a bit suspicious that it was locked without a lock.

‘Will you release me later?’

It was then.

Bae Se-jin slammed his desk and shouted as if he knew.

“Now that I think about it we are developing AI.”

“…?”

AI drip here suddenly again?

Ryu Cheong-woo asked kindly among the guys who were embarrassed by the sudden skit attempt.

“Chief have you thought of an AI you want to develop?”

“No here…!”

Bae Se-jin hurriedly shook his head and searched under the desk.

And he took out some documents.

“Look at this!”

It was a navy blue folder with the word ‘KIS’ written in huge letters on the front.

[Development of artificial intelligence]

“…?!”

It wasn’t a drip it was a real setup.

“…are we really developing AI??”

“I told you so!”

The brief misunderstanding was resolved and we went through the documents that looked like company settings.

And on top of all the documents in it…

“It’s painted black.”

Every sentence is heavily crossed out with a black marker so the only things that can be checked are words like ‘KIS’ ‘artificial intelligence’ and ‘delivery’.

I flipped through the pages and muttered absentmindedly.

“This is usually done before putting sensitive data such as personal information in the shredder.”

“Oh is that so~?”

“yes.”

It was then.

Palak.

“hmm?”

A piece of paper stuck at the end of the folder fell alone onto the desk.

Strangely enough the title was printed in Myeongjo font at a size of about 26pt on the front of the paper which was made of a slightly smooth material.

[Summer special work guidelines – for holidays]

“This?”

Sejin Lee began to read the contents while rubbing her chin.

“We welcome all the valuable employees of KIS who applied for special summer work this summer…”

“…”

“…for a moment.”

That’s right.

“What? “Don’t we have summer vacation?”

“I guess so.”

It was just holiday overtime?

‘Special work on Sundays during special vacation season.’

It’s a truly amazing worldview. Are you planning to show K-Overtime to the world?

“There’s more in the back…! “Because it shows through.”

“ah.”

Hearing Sun Ah-hyeon’s words Ryu Cheong-woo turned over the paper.

As the title suggests there were neatly printed work rules written on them.

However in a form that is often seen elsewhere.

———————

1. Be sure to adhere to the daily delivery quota.

2. During summer work only the 7th floor office space of the company building is open. Access to other floors is controlled.

3. Delivery can be registered on the tablet PC at the entrance of each office and by-products can be registered on the tablet PC in front of the warehouse on the first basement floor.

4. Turning off hallway lights is a natural power saving phenomenon. Please be mindful of safety and return to the office.

5. On public holidays the elevator operates only with an employee ID card to save power.

6. Don’t take the stairs

7. Do not welcome employees who are not listed on the time sheet. Don’t react.

8. The shift ends when all deliveries and by-product processing are completed.

9. There is no number 6 in the instructions.

10. The head office operates autonomously so there is no notice of end of work. Recommend a sleeping room to employees who respond to notifications.

11. Only full-time employees are allowed to enter the bath room.

We hereby inform you that KIS Co. Ltd. has no obligation to compensate for any situation that arises if you do not follow the contents of the above guidelines.

I hope you have a rewarding working time.

———————

For a moment a cool silence fell in the office.

“…This is strange.”

Liu Chengwu also touched the paper with his fingers.

“Why are you mentioning the first basement floor when you say you should only be in the office space on the 7th floor?”

“This is scary in informal language only number 6… No there is also an item that says there is no number 6? what?”

“There are a lot of strange phrases…”

There were some creepy things about it.

Cha Yu-jin frowned at the content but shrugged.

“Then let’s go out first! “I like seeing it in person.”

“Hmm.”

“I guess so. “It seems like the entire office has been ransacked.”

Eventually the members carefully examined the drawing of the 7th floor found on Sun Ah-hyun’s desk and quickly reached an agreement.

“There are both an elevator and stairs at the other end.”

“OK.”

Cha Yu-jin took an active role.

The guy pulled off his tie hung it next to him and approached the door.

“Are you mentally ready?”

“Ugh.”

And then the office door opens slightly.

Come on.

The sliding door which makes good use of space moves smoothly.

Just like that Cha Yu-jin stuck her head out into the hallway and shouted.

“I’m going to go…!!”

No I was about to shout but stopped.

“…”

“Eujin…?”

That moment.

Cha Yu-jin grabbed Sun Ah-hyun who was trying to stick her head out after her and sent her backwards.

“Let’s go in!!”

“uh…?!”

for a moment.

I immediately looked over Sun Ah-hyun’s shoulder and beyond the open door.

Blink.

The hallway lights blinked.

And at the end of the hallway.

There was something in front of the emergency exit……

[♪♪♪♬♬♬♪♬♬♬]

It was an old music box.

It was turned over its contents fully visible and its tuning was distorted causing a eerie melody to flow out.

If that were all it was it might have just been a scary prop but…

There’s something sticking out of that box.

An upper body with black sticky arms that doesn’t look like a ballerina or a clown.

crawling on the floor

slowly.

Ki-Ik.

“Aaaah!”

“Ahh!”

What is that?

‘A person… It’s not big enough for a person.’

It’s the size of the upper body.

It was definitely not a doll mask. How on earth does something like that move?

As if they instinctively sensed this the people around them couldn’t take their eyes off him and started shouting as if they were truly confused.

[Why don’t you at least make a fist? Damn it doesn’t look like it’s going to work but I’ll give it a try so stay tuned!]

“Yujin forgot Korean!”

“Just close the door!”

And that moment.

I saw Liu Chengwu’s eyes moving between the guys who were reaching out to close the door.

In the opposite direction of the hallway.

There was a light source other than the office.

Next to the office entrance. Black stand.

Tiring.

A shining white square above it.

“Left for a moment…”

I stretched out my hand before Liu Chengyu finished speaking.

And as I tightly grasped the glowing square Cha Yu-jin swept everyone in front of me including me with her arms.

“door!”

Raebin Kim closed the door exquisitely.

thud.

I sat back down and looked down at what I had in my hands.

It was a tablet PC.

“after.”

“Wait a minute… Manager Moon wasn’t that in the instructions earlier?”

“yes.”

It seems so.

-3. Delivery can be registered on the tablet PC at the entrance of each office and by-products can be registered on the tablet PC in front of the warehouse on the first basement floor.

Meanwhile the music box is slowly creeping across the hallway and towards the office.

I heard a sound.

[♪♪♪♬♬♬♪♬♬♬]

The flickering light in the hallway appears and disappears through the gap in the door.

‘shit.’

This is creepier than I thought.

‘Let’s move quickly.’

I immediately lowered my gaze to the tablet PC.

There was a phrase floating there.

[Delivery item transportation plan]

-Do you want to deliver?

“What are you delivering?”

“Is it okay if I just press that…?”

“I think it was written there in the work manual earlier…”

“Push!”

At the same time words broke out from several people.

I gritted my teeth.

‘There will definitely be stages of progression.’

Let’s calm down. This is a variety show.

So… right.

This means that even if we press here nothing major will happen.

“I’ll just press it.”

“okay!”

I looked back at the other guys and immediately moved my finger.

-Do you want to deliver?

yes.

So I pressed the button…

[In delivery]

Knock knock knock.

“Not yet?”

“for a moment.”

After a few seconds of anxious waiting that sent chills down my spine…

A message appeared on the screen.

[Delivery completed]

That moment.

The hallway light that had been flickering in the crack in the door came back.

The sound of the music box also disappeared.

[-]

“…”

The situation was over.

“after.”

“her…”

The members let out a long breath and sat down on the floor of the office wearing suits and shorts.

“Is this the end?”

“It seems so but…”

Bae Se-jin seemed to have come to his senses and looked back at the tablet PC I was carrying and muttered.

“So… can we play tag and look for this pad?”

“oh my god.”

“Oh my gosh I’m doing the extra work properly for once.”

I felt a little relaxed.

‘after.’

It’s tough.

It was a moment when I was about to put down my tablet PC and take a breather.

…An artificial voice came out from there.

[We are starting to recruit employees for delivery.]

The office lights went off.

“…!!”

Weeeeeee-!

A loud siren sounded and red lights flashed.

What is this again?

“Is everyone okay?!”

Sejin Lee’s shouting from the side was heard by the siren.

Blinking. Blinking.

A few seconds like an emergency alarm suddenly occurred again.

“Mundae be careful…!”

And this time it suddenly became quiet again.

Pick.

The light in the office came back on.

“Whoa.”

I immediately turned my head.

The office looked the same as before.

“Is everyone okay?”

“What just happened?”

The guys checking on each other’s well-being didn’t seem any different.

Just like wearing a suit.

but…

“Ravin…?”

There is no one.

The guy standing in the doorway.

“Where did Raebin Kim go?”

“…”

After looking around… I quietly opened my mouth.

“doesn’t exist.”

Ding-dong ding-dong!

…Notifications started coming out of the office speakers.

-Intern Kim Rae-bin. Today’s work is over.

-Please check the by-products.

Sweet.

And one of the locked drawers in the office automatically opened revealing the black box inside.

“…”

I reflexively reached out and opened the box.

A small music box.

Kim Rae-bin’s employee ID card was hanging above it.

[KIS Company]

Raebin Kim Intern / Music Box

-Keep it Safe

* * *

“It gets more interesting from there.”

Park Moon-dae did not deny it but nodded.
