---
title: "Chapter 611"
category: "book"
index: 610
section: "Chapter 611"
slug: "611"
---

# Chapter 611

“Hey hey is episode 1 coming out today?”

Raebin Kim’s fan sitting in the living room ignored her younger brother’s words.

The younger brother passed her by as if nothing had happened opened the front door for no reason and then came in and asked again.

“Are you coming out?”

“Oh really! “It’s coming out!!”

what?

The first episode of Testa’s Bizarre Office.

My younger brother grumbled and said things like ‘Why am I having a seizure all of a sudden?’ but he quietly sat down on the sofa anyway.

It was obvious that Gao was hurt and asked for nothing but Kim Rae-bin’s fan who had already gotten used to it was just distracted by more serious matters.

It was a behind-the-scenes look at Testa’s new music video that surfaced on her social media.

It must have been a long time filming the choreography scene so they wiped off the sweat and took off their suit jackets while grinning or making a V at the camera.

Naturally her eyes were focused in one direction.

Raebin Kim!

It was her favorite wearing a black suit and black shirt omitting the tie and wearing glasses.

– Hahahahahahahahaha you crazy guy.

-A black suit and a tie pin piercing on your own? Kim Rae-bin knows something too

-My baby looks fierce even in a suit!!!

Of course looking at the posts shared on social media the reactions of other members’ fans were no different.

‘Crazy guys.’

Every time something pops up it is clearly visible.

Testa really… really sharpened his knives and took care of it for this promotion period.

For what?

‘I was trying to wear a suit.’

The impact of a custom suit that was tailored to suit each individual’s age without being too excessive at the right time was remarkable!

‘I thought the timeline was paralyzed.’

The speed at which GIF files were pouring in for each member with each correction was scary.

By releasing a music video that no one could see it was very successful in attracting attention from fans and the public and all fans cheered.

But… are you using that as a preview of your own content?

-Fuck you you crazy bastards.

She swallowed remembering the dizzying timeline of her private account.

‘Hey… you can’t be eaten by your world view?’

I was conscious of the fact that Testa’s inclusion of a game in his last album garnered tremendous praise and attention so I was anxious that he may have gone a step further this time with a worldview.

She tore up the sofa.

‘Do you guys know what kind of OST the title song is from?’

Of course there were fans who welcomed it because it suited their tastes but some fans who cheered after watching the neat suit music video despaired.

-Ugh fuck that damn world view of the Ten Virtues again…

-I only do music videos… ㅠㅠ

-I want to watch the stage guys.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan took a deep breath.

Let’s not be too pessimistic.

‘This will happen again and it will turn upside down.’

Until now Testa has been like this once or twice providing unpredictable answers and content that completely relieves anxiety.

And the joy and relief I felt at that time!

‘You will have thoughts this time too!?’

It was a kind of learning effect.

As evidence there were quite a few people like her beneath the surface.

-I believe in successive successive wins ㅅㅂ

-Betting like dogs

-First of all Kim Raebin’s songs never fail. They are always above average. Did you feel anything while watching the song?

First of all the last comment was true.

As you said what is Testa’s current music performance like…

[1st place Bad feelings / Tester] (-)

No. 1 in perfect and clean daily.

‘I thought my heart was going to explode.’

Thanks to this the board was burning hotter.

-Testa new song entry 1st place

-The first results of the May comeback showdown came out.jpg

-The entry graph is crazy.

Expectations were created when Testa’s sudden fan song ‘EPIC’ released at the beginning of the new year became a huge hit with the public.

And this comeback itself attracted attention thanks to the simultaneous release aggro with VTIC.

First of all it meant that I jumped up the stairs properly without falling down but…

It can’t end here.

“Maintenance is important.”

“what.”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan did not answer his younger brother’s question and continued to scan the communities with bloodshot eyes.

‘You can’t be pushed out when VTIC comes out.’

VTIC’s comeback is only a few days away.

The outcome of this match was determined by how far the team was pushed back.

If we were pushed too far it was literally the end.

So it’s good to give them their own content as an additional treat this week when they make a comeback.

But… a full-fledged universal fan service video like this?

Rather it is difficult.

‘All the muggles are running away!’

This was an even bigger problem because this content attracted aggro due to its pre-release.

As someone who has been a fan of the film for several years the public’s interest has been drawn to this world-viewing video which seems to be minor to anyone.

So even though I knew about Testa’s successful record I couldn’t feel reassured.

‘Oh muggles don’t just look at me.’

I remembered the title of a video related to Kim Rae-bin’s fan that I saw on WeTube a while ago…

[Testar’s Bizarre Office What genre is this drama? I watched the music video and analyzed it!]

There was even a YouTuber who was excited.

‘under.’

The games included in the album were originally only played by people or fans who liked those types of games.

“Oh please.”

Don’t let this atmosphere cool down. Don’t cool down!

Grinding her teeth in anticipation and anxiety she played the first episode of Testa’s own content &lt;The Weird Office&gt; on TV when it was time to release it.

And the first episode I watched…

“…!”

It was unexpected.

-???

-No what the fuck is this?

-Are you really a ghost? Isn’t it CG?;;

-what? what?

A mystery story that unfolds in each direction.

Even the horror production eliminated all humor and exquisitely created a sense of contrast with the skit by directing scenes like a drama or movie.

Thanks to this the shock and immersion were even stronger.

And what made people even more shocked was the quality of directing in the video.

-I thought I would faint when the music box came out.

-What did you do to the idol Jacon?

-How much money did you spend? No but I don’t think this is the quality that can be achieved just by spending money on your own… There is no PPL so how did you do it??

The quality of the props and the strange monsters that appeared was like a drama made with a lot of money by Net Plus.

The sense of existence of a set that resembles a real office and the movements of strange creatures that are as realistic as a real situation.

Moreover they did not emphasize words or nuances such as ‘their own world view that can be understood only if you know the entire contents.’

The structure which was just like the introduction to a mystery thriller drama had no barriers to entry beyond the genre.

Moreover Testa’s serious thriller-type reaction without any playfulness further added to the atmosphere.

-It’s CG but even the non-acting members reacted… No;;

-I guess the members didn’t know??

-It’s like a drama based on a webtoon.

Druk drool drool!

A loud notification of a new post rang on her smartphone but she didn’t have time to look at it.

Episode 1 was cut off when Raebin Kim disappeared.

-If episode 2 hadn’t been released simultaneously I would have passed out right now.

As they said episode 2 was released at the same time following episode 1.

“hey.”

Without saying a word my younger brother automatically clicked on the next episode.

15 14 13 12…

The 15-second commercial was brutally long.

It was only after I had adjusted my grip with both hands a few times that the next story finally came into view.

[…]

A dark office screen with few lights on.

There was silence as a slow close-up showed the Testa members standing stiffly.

Only 6 people.

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: What is this?]

Kim Rae-bin disappeared the moment ‘delivery’ was in progress.

The only thing he left behind was his employee ID card which was placed on a small prop in the shape of a bizarre music box that was crawling down the hallway.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\:…]

Park Moon-dae who slowly grabbed it amidst the white noise suddenly turned his head.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Bus products.]

[Manager Seon Ah-hyeon\: Huh?]

Following the gaze the &lt;Summer Special Duty Manual&gt; was placed in the place where it was moved.

[3. Delivery can be registered on the tablet PC at the entrance of each office and by-products can be registered on the tablet PC in front of the warehouse on the first basement floor.]

That neat document was now even creepy.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: This… looks like a by-product.]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: A by-product product notification appeared on this tablet PC earlier… After delivery.]

There was an indescribable silence among the members.

And in the meantime Park Mun-dae sat down on the floor with the instructions and began to quickly look through them.

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: What are you doing Manager Moon?]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Confirmed.]

Park Moon-dae’s clear gaze could be seen calmly sunken through his slightly long black hair.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: I feel like things are happening as written here.]

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: Ah!!]

The members immediately put their heads together and began to carefully review the contents written in the &lt;Guidelines&gt;.

When you see the warning to be careful about safety when the lights are flashing it seems like a monster appears at that time. It would be better not to go to other floors where access is restricted. Let’s not go into the bathroom at all…

and.

[Seon Ah-hyeon\: Only this 6th time the tone is different.]

Until this item.

[6. [Don’t go on the stairs]

“…”

Instinctive horror and analytical intelligence intersect to build tension.

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: Then… should we go to the first basement floor first?]

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\: Wait. Raebin Kim has disappeared now. We don’t know what will happen in the future. See the 7th floor first.]

[Manager Seon Ah-hyun\: Ugh. Still wouldn’t Ravin be able to find out some clues if he went underground?]

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: That other office is closer.]

The conversation progressed quickly and intensely but in the end what I was conscious of was the &lt;Guidelines&gt; again.

[8. The shift ends when all deliveries and by-product processing are completed.]

It was impossible to ignore that phrase.

In the end the story goes that this work can only be completed by going underground and ‘processing’ the by-products.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Let’s go down to the basement.]

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\:… Yeap.]

Eventually the members agreed to move.

-You’re not going to use the stairs are you?

-Guys don’t go down the stairs I’m too scaredㅠㅠ

And as if responding to the cries of viewers Testa also made a common-sense choice.

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: Then shall we take the elevator first?]

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: That must be so.]

-phew

-Thank you guys.

-I almost couldn’t sleep today.

It was a moment when viewers felt relieved.

Tiring.

A light comes on on the tablet PC screen that Park Mun-dae was holding.

It was a new notification.

[Until next delivery

– 00\:30\:00]

uh?

It was a moment when viewers blinked.

[Until next delivery

– 00\:29\:59]

“…!!”

Time limit!

An urgent BGM exploded on the screen.

And… the office lights started blinking again.

[!!!!]

The members started moving quickly as if they were on fire!

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: Take what you have now!]

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: To the elevator!]

As Sun Ah-hyun carefully picked up the music box for the last time the members began to carefully but quickly move down the hallway to the elevator.

And witness it in the process.

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\: None.]

The music box box has completely disappeared.

And only a dark red mark remained in that place.

-Ouch

Sun Ah-hyun adjusted the music box she was holding with trembling hands.

And that wasn’t the end.

[Manager Bae Se-jin\: Over there!]

The camera’s point of view followed the hand and turned back.

The focus is Office 3 where the members whose lights were blinking alone came out.

Da da da da da da da.

Inside the window there was a loud noise and strange palm prints began to appear.

And in all the offices that follow the traces lights start blinking.

As if chasing the members.

-Amicin

-I’m scared of dogs

-Please save me.

[!!!!]

The members could not even breathe properly and quickly arrived in front of the elevator avoiding the traces.

[Manager Seon Ah-hyun\: Quickly quickly…]

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: It doesn’t work next time!]

The members quickly took turns putting their employee IDs on the elevator reader but in the end there was no response so they used Raebin Kim’s employee ID card.

And it worked.

Beep!

The elevator door opened.

-Hurry!!

-Ughhhhh

-Handprints are almost there.

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: Watch your step!]

Ryu Cheong-woo who pressed the elevator button took all the members on board and was the last one to get on and Park Moon-dae repeatedly pressed the close button.

And while the handprint is being chased all the way to the window of the office right across from the elevator…

thud.

The door was closed.

[Going down.]

Testa succeeded in boarding the elevator safely.

“…under.”

A long sigh of relief.

-phew

-Oh I was really scared that something would pop out.

-I’m tired of judgment. Wow.

-It was me I was already crying and (forced) leaving work.

The members also took a breath took off their jackets and sat down or leaned on various parts of the elevator.

Only then did a joke come out.

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\: Gosh… Manager Moon didn’t faint right?]

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: That’s right. For some reason I’m fine.]

-lol

-Just teasing Park Moon-dae

-It’s the same guys.

Park Moon-dae also twitched his lips and then just smiled.

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Yes. I’m fine.]

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: Haha…]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Is the intern smiling?]

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: ?!]

-Hmm hahaha

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: Sorry.]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Yes. Let’s do well.]

The atmosphere relaxed for a moment and the elevator continued to go down while we were in the mood to talk about our future plans again.

7.

[Manager Seon Ah-hyun\: Is everyone okay?]

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\: It’s okay. We are strong.]

6.

[Chief Sejin Bae\: Did we take all the clues we found?]

[Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae\: Yes. I don’t think I left anything behind.]

5.

[Assistant Manager Sejin Lee\: Then let’s go straight to the underground warehouse…]

And then.

The elevator going down stopped without warning.

Ding.

A destination you never clicked on.

“…?”

[4th floor 4th floor.]

…uh?

That moment when viewers blink and stare blankly at the screen.

In the silence the elevator lights began to blink.

“…!”

In the pounding white noise.

The members on the screen slowly raised their heads and began to look at the door as if they didn’t want to believe it.

The elevator door on the 4th floor.

[…]

But the door did not open.

The elevator just stood there.

Instead.

[Agent?]

“…!”

The faces of the members on the screen froze.

And again unclear words are heard from beyond the door.

A familiar voice.

[I am Raebin Kim intern.]

That was Kim Rae-bin’s voice.

-uh?

-????

-for a moment

-Guys

While reactions consisting of words were pouring in a friend of the same age was reflexively opening his mouth on the screen.

[Chief Cha Yu-jin\: Kim…]

A hand rises above Cha Yu-jin’s mouth.

“…!”

It was Liu Chengwu’s hand that moved quietly and blocked the pronunciation.

And the soundless shape of the mouth.

[Intern Ryu Cheong-woo\: Please do not answer.]

He pointed with his other hand.

The writing visible on the paper that Park Moon-dae hastily pulled out.

[7. If an employee appears who is not listed on the time sheet do not welcome them. Do not react.]

“…”

[Agent?]

The elevator lights started blinking.

And… the title subtitles that fill the screen.

[Strange Office EP.2 / You’re next]

Kim Rae-bin’s fans covered their mouths.
