---
title: "Chapter 612"
category: "book"
index: 611
section: "Chapter 612"
slug: "612"
---

# Chapter 612

Silence filled the elevator.

I saw Cha Yu-jin who was frozen just moving her eyes and scanning the instructions I was holding.

And I can still hear voices outside.

[I am Raebin Kim intern.]

Sweet.

At that moment as if I couldn’t bear it anymore a sound rang from the elevator.

However the door did not open.

It was the sound of Bae Se-jin pressing down on a ballpoint pen and writing on the A4 paper he hastily brought with him.

And with his other hand he rolled a handful of ballpoint pens on the floor.

‘here!’

The moment they saw that everyone picked up their pens and hastily put it on paper as if they had made a promise.

– Are you just ignoring me like this?

-Is that Kim Rae-bin? We have to check.

– No by what means?

-What if I ignore it and then open it and come in?

-If you say not to welcome or react it seems like it will disappear if you just stay still.

-Should we try another floor?

At Liu Chengwu’s last words everyone’s eyes turned to the button.

And found it.

‘…That!’

The light is on on the 4th floor.

It was as if someone had pressed it.

Even though no one pressed it.

“…”

An eerie silence filled the elevator again.

I raised my hand to signal to the other guys to calm down and then moved my feet carefully.

[Agent?]

I stood in front of the elevator license plate while looking over Bae Se-jin’s trembling reaction.

And slowly…

[B1]

After pressing our destination.

[4]

The light on the 4th floor was turned off.

Then.

Weeeeing-.

As if it were a lie the elevator started moving again.

“after.”

Inside the elevator where the lights had returned as if normal power had returned the members wiped away their cold sweat and sighed in relief.

And the moment an announcement was made saying ‘We’re going down.’

[Are you going underground? All right.]

“…”

[I will use the stairs.]

The elevator light goes down.

3.

2.

1.

“Run.”

[It is on the first basement floor.]

As soon as the elevator door opened we kicked it out at full speed and ran.

“To the side…!”

Look at the map and turn according to the shouting.

“Over there!”

I walked through an old dimly lit concrete hallway and saw a grey-brown fire door at the end.

And even a tablet PC attached to the door.

[Do you want to register your by-product?]

“yes! yes!”

Yes struck.

Then with a creaking sound a small gap opened at the bottom of the fire door like a mailbox or delivery box.

Squeak.

The inside is black.

…Are you asking us to put by-products here?

“Director Ahyeon that’s a music box!”

“Here…!”

Sun Ah-hyun quickly held out the music box she was wrapping around. And I took out Kim Rae-bin’s employee ID card…

“If you throw away Kim Raebin you won’t be able to take the elevator!”

“ah!”

For common sense reasons only the music box was included first.

Of course it was unclear whether common sense would prevail in this crazy entertainment show.

Fortunately after a few seconds the tablet PC displayed the text calmly.

[Registration completed]

However there was no other reaction.

silence.

“…Is this the end?”

The fire door through which the music box was taken did not open. Liu Chengyu encouraged Lee Sejin to pull it but the door was only locked tightly.

“…”

“…”

“What about when we get off work?”

“I guess they’re telling me to work overtime.”

It was only for a moment that I let out a few words as if I was joking.

Blink.

The emergency exit light that was flashing at the other end in the distance began to blink.

And then I hear the sound again.

Knock knock.

[Chief of Staff? Are you there?]

“…”

“…It looks like a friend from the 4th floor has come down.”

The sound of a knock on the emergency exit door echoed through the hallway.

Big Sejin muttered in a voice full of empty laughter.

“Would it have been better to include an employee ID as well?”

I looked down at the tablet PC again.

[Until next delivery

– 00\:24\:56]

…now there is a text floating at the bottom.

A question I saw before.

-Do you want to deliver?

The emergency exit lights blink increasingly unsteadily.

It’s not Raebin Kim… It’s like the music box monster we saw earlier is lurking behind it.

But everyone knows what happened when delivery was pressed here. So I forgot my fear and hesitated.

Big Sejin touched his shoulder.

“…let’s do it.”

“…”

“There is no other way.”

“Is it really not possible…?”

No one could answer Sun Ah-hyun’s question.

Finally I asked with a sigh.

“Let’s take a majority vote.”

No one could deny it.

And the result.

“We will deliver.”

“…”

I pressed the button.

[Delivery completed]

As the screen changed the flashing lights at the emergency exit and the sound of knocking on the door disappeared.

But everyone knew from past experience.

That this is not the end.

[We are starting to recruit employees for delivery.]

The lights go out again and the red siren sounds.

“…”

The members form a circle and hold hands as if they are riding a grand prize. It was the same next to me.

I didn’t shake it off and stayed still.

– Assistant Manager Sejin Lee. Today’s work is over.

-Please check the by-products.

When the light came on my hands were empty.

* * *

“Everyone was really serious back then.”

I knew it was a filming but it was more shocking than I thought to see the members next to me disappear one by one in a creepy situation.

In the middle of the night Ryu Cheong-woo who lived in Testa’s dormitory saw Park Moon-dae sitting across from him at the table nodding his head silently.

The face that looked as serious as back then seemed to recall that time.

Liu Chengwu somehow suppressed laughter and continued to reminisce.

Those slightly eerie moments.

“After that members kept coming.”

“…”

“The members who disappeared.”

* * *

We returned to the 7th floor to look for clues.

Of course in the process I again experienced the phenomenon of hearing the voice of a member who suddenly disappeared.

This time it wasn’t Kim Rae-bin.

– Chief.

-Is everyone okay? This is agent Lee Se-jin.

It wasn’t even behind the door this time.

It was right behind my back.

“…”

Everyone froze at the sound of that lively voice but without even looking back they boarded the elevator and went up to the 7th floor.

-hey!

“I felt strange hearing Lee Se-jin say that…”

“…”

“No Assistant Manager Lee Se-jin.”

I nodded while listening to Bae Se-jin.

And before we knew it the lights were turned off and the harvest to date was organized on the darkened 7th floor.

There was nothing special though.

“The doors to the sleeping room and bathroom are locked.”

“Both of them are related to the instructions.”

-The head office has an autonomous working system so there is no notification of the end of work. Recommend a sleeping room to employees who respond to notifications.

-Only full-time employees are allowed to enter the bathroom.

As I recalled those items I unconsciously leaned next to the sleeping room door.

And it was the moment when my hand naturally touched the door. Unexpectedly I felt a different texture from the door.

‘…! This is.’

Cool smooth surface.

‘It’s a liquid crystal display.’

When I turn my head the small screen half-hidden by my body meets the skin of my finger and becomes activated showing light.

A tablet PC was attached to the sleeping room door.

I read the content immediately.

[List of employees for delivery]

-Raebin Kim

-Lee Se-jin

–

And at the end the cursor was floating.

As if asking me to type it in.

“…”

wait for a sec. This is…

‘Are you saying you’re going to make it even for me?’

“What did you find Mr. Moon?”

“Deputy Park?”

But before I could properly answer that question the lights started blinking again.

“…!”

Crash!

“It’s coming again!”

“Ahhhh! really!”

Palms began to be stamped again from the office window where we left.

The members jumped and screamed in the now familiar atmosphere.

“It won’t work!” Let’s not just deliver this time. “Better see what happens!”

“Yep! that’s right! “That’s right!”

“Ugh!”

Bae Se-jin had already spoken to the manager Seon Ah-hyun but no one paid any attention and just nodded.

but…

‘I don’t think that will make it happen.’

And sure enough.

The office window where the palm was taken was suddenly broken.

[!!!!]

Another old music box fell to the floor with a loud crashing sound.

And out of it limbs stretched out like spiders suddenly pop out and crawl like zombies…

“Aaaah!”

“evil!”

“Run!”

“no.”

But I caught the members.

“why!”

“Mundae can’t you move your feet? “Pick up!”

That’s not it.

I thought quickly while dodging Liu Chengwu’s support.

Now let’s look at what has happened so far.

No matter how much I think about it this seems like a horror movie motif.

The structure is one in which things are slowly unlocked as members are eliminated.

So it was designed so that only a few people would inevitably survive to figure out the truth and see the ending.

‘therefore… ’

If you have a choice shouldn’t you use it?

I looked around for a moment.

Bae Se-jin Sun Ah-hyeon Cha Yu-jin Ryu Cheong-woo.

Two of them are high-ranking people and two of them are good at using their power.

‘Because the setting is powerful a high-ranking person will find something of use.’

It is not for nothing that assistant managers and interns are eliminated first.

And anyway I… Okay let’s admit it. Because I’m not a very strong person against ghosts.

therefore.

“…”

I activated the keyboard by touching the blank space at the bottom of the list displayed on the sleeping room door.

“Mr. Moon?”

“Park Moon-dae what are you doing?”

I’m writing those words down.

-Park Moon-dae.

That moment.

The siren sounds again.

[We are starting to recruit employees for delivery.]

“are you okay.”

I don’t know if you heard it but anyway… I thought this was the right direction.

I patted the back of the member next to me and quietly closed my eyes.

-Agent Park Moon-dae. Today’s work is over.

-Please check the by-products.

So I… was delivered.

* * *

In silence.

“Hyung are you okay?”

I opened my eyes.

The first thing I saw was Raebin Kim with shining eyes.

Very… neat.

“…?”

what.

“Mr. Moon is here~! Welcome!”

Big Sejin who jumped out from the side and hugged her looked good too. no.

“Why are you guys okay?”

I thought he was dressed up as a ghost or something.

“Mr. Moon is fine too~ Ah he is no longer the assistant manager!”

What does this mean?

“That!”

I turned my gaze towards the direction that Big Sejin had pointed out… but before that I saw the surroundings.

‘What the fuck?’

It looked like a neat company break room and there was a huge hologram panel floating on one side like in a spy movie.

[Appointment of full-time employees]

Moon-Dae Park (A) 12\:33\:52

-congratulations!

“…?”

What is this?

“No it turns out that the ‘employee requisition’ means hiring an additional employee in charge of delivery work?”

“…”

“And it looks like the employees carrying out the delivery work are full-time employees!”

“Yes it’s actually a promotion~ Wow we were all contract workers originally not full-time employees.”

Not a full-time employee?

At that moment I remembered.

…That phrase in the instructions.

[11. Only full-time employees are allowed to enter the bath room.]

“…”

‘So it was locked?’

I thought it was about interns but it wasn’t… Did you mean that we were all barred from entering?

“But why did it suddenly disappear?”

“Isn’t it because he’s a secret agent? Like the National Intelligence Service.”

“…”

While the back of my head was tingling the text on the hologram changed.

[Your job is maintenance of the quarantine facility.]

[Capture the monster in a music box-type control device and deliver it to the KIS Foundation.]

“…”

Foundation?

“That’s why we’ve been doing this to become full-time employees of the pseudo-foundation…”

“Oh hey pseudo-fearful words! It should be called a secret foundation! Secret agent!”

“Yes! “You said your job is to protect dangerous items within this company to protect the world!”

“…”

Let’s move on.

Meanwhile Raebin Kim muttered in a slightly depressed tone.

“I wanted to try persuasion first but it seems that communication was not smooth because information disclosure was restricted to non-full-time employees…”

Still I suppressed my silence as I watched the guy brightly say that he had tried his best to appeal things like “I can even use the stairs that are prohibited in the guidelines.”

“…?”

“Anyway once I deliver all the music boxes to that foundation I’m off work.”

“yes!”

And in the process all members are naturally transferred to full-time positions.

‘I am indeed.’

[Facility Team / Park Moon-dae (A)]

[Start of shift]

I smiled as I looked at the sign on the electronic display board.

* * *

“…”

A dark 7th floor hallway where the remaining members gathered after completing their ‘delivery’.

“Mundae…”

I heard Sun Ah-hyun muttering my name gloomily as if she had forgotten that she should call me ‘Daeri.’

Now the only people left were Manager Sun Ah-hyeon Manager Bae Se-jin Chief Cha Yu-jin and intern Ryu Cheong-woo.

[KIS Company]

Assistant Manager Park Moon-dae / Music Box

-Keep it Safe

Are you probably seeing that phrase pop up on your tablet PC?

Just like I did just before.

Since half of the members retired like in a horror movie the gloom was slowly increasing as much as the fear.

‘hmm.’

The kids will all be exhausted soon. Now is the time to pull the trigger.

Let’s see.

‘Instead of disclosing information about full-time employees I asked them to name the rank of the next person to be delivered.’

Are you coming?

dripping.

First I quietly knocked on the door.

Toward the 7th floor hallway where members who have not yet been delivered will be quietly huddled together in the locked bathroom.

And said.

“Chief.”

[…!]

At that moment there was a strange sound as if I was suppressing a scream.

And the sound outside the door suddenly quieted down as if a rat had died.

…Are you covering your mouth?

“I know you’re there.”

Then there was the sound of the members of Udangtangtang rolling. It seems like he’s running away.

‘…’

no.

I said it as mildly and non-frighteningly as possible.

“Can we just say a few words? Just a little bit.”

Deep silence.

And a hushed voice whispered.

– Don’t answer!

“…”

The soundproofing is bad so you can hear everything. You guys.

That’s how my one-day ghost part-time experience began.
