---
title: "Chapter 613"
category: "book"
index: 612
section: "Chapter 613"
slug: "613"
---

# Chapter 613

A valuable experience that will never be repeated\: having to use rational persuasion in a situation where you are misunderstood as a ghost.

[Park Moon-dae\: Chief I am Park Moon-dae’s representative…]

[Cha Yu-jin\: (It’s fake! It’s a ghost!)]

[Bae Se-jin\: (Preaching not to make eye contact)]

[Park Moon-dae\:…]

[Park Moon-dae\: (eye roll)]

– Hahahahahahahahahahaha

-Gommer Tibet appears in your eyes.

-The third round of negotiations broke down! (※Attempt only)

– ㅅㅂDog laughㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

-No I can’t see you so why are you telling me not to make eye contact lol?

Wouldn’t the reaction be roughly the same as these subtitles?

With cold salty eyes I imagined the guys on the other side of the iron gate.

This is also a warehouse on the first basement floor.

The guys who ran away from the bathroom were chased up the emergency exit stairs. I don’t know if they knew it but they both probably thought they were out of breath.

And the fact that I was doing that made me even more bitter.

‘But why are you acting like a fool without opening the door and going out?’

This is because of this strange company’s internal confidentiality clause.

Do you remember what Raebin Kim said earlier about restricting information on full-time employees? It was an extension of that.

-Mutual consent must be obtained when contacting other executives and employees who are not full-time employees!

No isn’t this discrimination against contract workers?

It is said that it is because of confidentiality but it is probably all bullshit. It was clear that they were targeting this picture of mutual misunderstanding.

Well it might be funny but…

‘Keun Se-jin was smart.’

I realized that the behavior of the guy who was quietly talking behind my back was not just trying to scare people but to make them turn around voluntarily.

And I decided to do something similar with a reverse idea.

“Chief.”

I looked at the rusty fire door and spoke quietly into the darkness beyond.

So that you can hear it clearly and clearly.

“Turn around… turn around.”

[…!]

Squeak.

But I quickly opened the iron door before they really looked back.

Well I gave you clear notice. Don’t look this way look back.

‘Then you followed the rules.’

All you have to do is come out like this make sure I’m okay and have a rational conversation…

“Kwaaaak!”

“Nooooooo!”

The members screamed and ran out into the dark hallway.

“…”

no.

“hey.”

I called as I chased after him but he gritted his teeth and didn’t look back.

‘Are you that scared?’

Even though I’m shaking I don’t feel too bad for some reason.

Ah one guy glanced back.

One of the two guys who doesn’t scream and is calm. This is Sun Ah-hyun.

oh.

I waved my hand.

However Sun Ah-hyun’s face turned even whiter and she walked faster with a determined look on her face.

“…”

You… aren’t afraid of ghosts.

For a moment I suspected that the production crew had put makeup on my face without telling me.

‘…Next time I’ll try waiting on the 4th floor for the elevator again.’

But this action made them even more confused.

“Over there the music box…!”

“Ugh!”

…In the end those guys who were (voluntarily) being chased by the employees who disappeared ended up falling into an even more urgent crisis by stepping into all kinds of traps.

Did you say that it is a comedy when viewed from a distance and a tragedy when viewed up close?

“…I will press delivery.”

“Ahh really!”

‘They’re terrible together though.’

So it was even more so.

At this point each of the music box monsters that were delivered couldn’t accept reality and tried to die out of shame.

“Gosh… edit this.”

“Hahaha!”

I was fortunate to have volunteered for delivery.

And this continued until all the members were delivered and the manager Bae Se-jin was left alone…

“…”

The office where we started on the 7th floor.

Bae Se-jin furiously presses delivery at a dead end like the protagonist of a zombie movie who survives alone.

The last survivor who delivered himself in the end with such solemn eyes…

“Hahahaha! “Ahaha!”

“…”

[Appointment of full-time employees]

Sejin Bae (A) 14\:35\:26

-congratulations!

Received a grand congratulations.

Bae Se-jin who was trembling when he saw the hologram board with his name on it denied reality for a moment when he saw the guys clapping.

But soon his face turned red and blue.

“Wait a minute then you guys!!”

“We did our best to convince them.”

“…”

I guess I can’t deny it.

The guy opened his mouth and eventually muttered in a helpless voice.

“It would have been better to disappear in the beginning.”

“Of course.”

Judging from the fact that Raebin Kim was eliminated it seems like the production team was considerate and eliminated the timid ones first.

‘Of course I’m the exception because I wrote my name myself.’

As I was nodding my head Big Sejin stabbed me in the side and split the thread.

“Honestly Manager Moon seemed to enjoy it a bit.”

“no.”

“It was fun because people were surprised to see them! I was always surprised and thought ‘What’s going on?’ do!”

“no.”

It’s a frame-up.

Anyway everything went smoothly and quickly from then on.

As we all came together we all regained our courage and gained momentum.

‘Is it a full-time employee effect?’

When they saw the huge altar hanging on the wall of the bizarre-looking underground warehouse they made a fuss a few times and simply nodded.

“So all I have to do is find all these music boxes and put them all on?”

“okay.”

“There is one left. “It’s easy!”

They all ran away screaming including the one remaining monster and after ‘delivering’ it they placed the last music box on the avant-garde altar.

8.

“Octagon. Hmm… I guess you put them on each octagonal point.”

“It looks unique.”

“Couldn’t it have been taken from a historical relic?”

There was also a guy who came up with this opinion after observing it carefully.

“Looking at it this way it seems like each of the music boxes we delivered resembles our members… or rather our employees.”

“haha. Is that so?”

I see MD angle.

Anyway after eating eight music boxes the entire altar wall opened…

“and.”

“Whoa…!”

It led to a new modern space.

[Laboratory]

This is a common subject of mystery. It was a strange biology lab.

“Is this like human experimentation?”

“Ugh that’s scary.”

Inside huge experimental containers filled with unknown liquids and mannequin parts or bodies were spread out as if on display.

It was a majestic sight but it was a sight that made me decide that when WeTube was released to the public it must be restricted to users aged 15 and over.

“Let’s find a way home from work.”

We retraced the entire incident and unraveled this story which now has more elements of exciting adventure than horror.

“So in this company…”

“At our company!”

“Yes our company… Anyway I guess we manage and study this music box ghost… or something like that here.”

“We got a job at a place that seems to offer a lot of hazard pay.”

Looking at the research records in the censorship documents scattered around it seems that AI research was also conducted using that music box monster.

‘Once you set it up it’s a good idea.’

And in the meantime we discovered a key element.

“Look at this!”

[For temporary employment/summer special work guidelines]

We found the PC that contained the strange instruction manual we had originally received.

“Ohh.”

“It was made here…!”

The members looked at the PC screen exclaiming that it was eerie and made various impressions and inferences.

Then this story came out.

This is an item that has a particularly striking and different way of speaking.

“But why did I tell you not to go up the stairs? “If I had gone to the stairs I would have noticed right away.”

If you go to the stairs see the space in person and meet a ‘full-time employee’ wouldn’t it have been easy to persuade them right away?

If it were an adult’s situation they would say ‘Guys then the filming will end too quickly and it will be boring.’

‘Still I think there’s a probable reason.’

After thinking about it carefully I added\:

“It wasn’t there originally but I guess someone added it in a hurry.”

“Oh?”

I pointed to the sentence with my finger.

-Don’t go on the stairs.

“This one doesn’t even have a period.”

“ah!”

“I wrote it right before printing putting the enter key in the middle as I could.”

“Ohh.”

“ah. I see. Mr. Moon~ I stayed here even when I grew up.”

“I think it was corrected right away because the numbers are automatically numbered.”

It seemed to be quite persuasive and people chuckled and said ‘It wasn’t an item originally.’

“Are you trying to prevent us from becoming full-time employees?”

“That’s not good.”

“Are they rivals?”

The guys continued to move forward lightly making various guesses.

That’s the end of the lab.

The members also solved the last puzzle.

“oh. exorcism.”

Now everyone felt the ending atmosphere of the escape room content.

It feels like you are slowly escaping and seeing the ending.

“That’s it… that’s it!”

In front of the huge safety door.

Testa who brilliantly solved the riddle of putting in employee ID cards in order of rank by saying “I think they will be sorted by seniority in the order in which full-time employees came first” happily stepped into the opened door.

Inside thick dry ice was coming out like a stage effect.

“Oh smoke.”

“Escape or successfully leave work…?”

It was then.

“yes? “What do you mean you’re off work?”

“…?”

A serious voice sounded as usual.

“Full-time employees do not leave work!”

I turned my head.

These were words I heard from someone who had not yet entered the door.

Raebin Kim.

“I would appreciate it if you could pay attention to that.”

Raebin Kim standing in the lab put his hands behind his back.

Floating behind him was the same hologram that I had seen in the employee lounge.

[Appointment of full-time employees]

Moon-Dae Park (A) 12\:33\:52

-congratulations!

The ‘A’ at the end of the name is…

“A stands for AI.”

“…”

what?

“This is because all full-time facility workers are AI.”

Delivery.

Employees who were hired temporarily were not promoted to full-time employees through ‘delivery.’

…AI was mass-produced modeled after the employees who were ‘requisitioned for delivery.’

Full-time employees whose confidentiality oath can be perfectly kept.

…an AI that performs so well that you don’t even realize it’s an AI.

“Then please continue to provide and manage our products well.”

Intern Raebin Kim bowed his head as he looked at the members trapped in the storage container and engulfed in smoke and walked out through the side door.

…intern.

A position that involves a probationary period before becoming a full-time employee.

“I will leave work after finishing my report.”

He was the only intern at KIS headquarters.

* * *

“It was a great twist.”

uh. Because no one was notified up to that point.

I saw Liu Chengwu reminiscing about that time with a slightly amused look.

‘Everyone was so shocked that their eyes popped out.’

Even viewers don’t seem to be any different.

The response to the early episodes released this time was decent and I was involved in the editing several times so even the final episode will be enjoyable.

I can already see the reactions of people screaming when they see the twist.

-Gigi Kim Rae-bin

-crazy

We also cried out that this was an unexpected choice so it will definitely become a hot topic.

I’m already looking forward to it.

‘But that doesn’t mean it’s Jangttaeng.’

I tapped my chin.

In fact as more and more episodes air reactions like this will emerge.

-But why did this come out now?

-I don’t know the exact timing of Jacon’s release… What is the connection with the music video or song?

-Isn’t the answer to do more promotions during the break as it could have been used as a tour world view?

-V-Tik came out after sharpening his knife.

It’s impossible not to get this reaction.

If they were going to target the domestic market they had to make a more popular choice. They should have at least owned one TV channel or collaborated with a well-known producer.

If they were going to target overseas they should have promoted like the tide by appearing more aggressively by appearing on English-speaking programs.

No in order for the performance to be reflected on Billboard in the first place they had to make a comeback around Friday like VTIC.

‘I know everything.’

But it didn’t happen.

‘Because I have other plans.’

This is like baduk or chess. From now on you just have to take things one by one without being swayed by momentary reactions.

Until the build-up reaches its peak and explodes.

‘okay.’

But before that…

“…”

“…brother?”

I silently looked at Liu Chengwu who was looking at me with puzzled eyes. Until he asks again.

“…”

“what’s the matter?”

Actually I thought about it a lot.

Whether I should bring this up or not.

“Liu Qingwu.”

I knew this guy’s attitude was a little strange recently.

It wasn’t particularly uncooperative or strange behavior.

‘Still good at work.’

But when you’re not working.

Ryu Cheong-woo has become more and more likely to react slowly or make strange remarks while remaining calm.

But I moved on.

‘Because I have no clue.’

Most of the problems that needed to be resolved by getting here have been resolved so I decided to take my time and see.

And… finally the result.

I gained enlightenment in a different way.

About me not Liu Chengwu.

-How could I not know the clue?

Let’s be honest.

I am… a bastard who is obsessed with controlling the situation.

Even though I’ve modified it a bit it means that I’m a person who is satisfied only by gathering all the information that can be figured out in advance about the situation I’m dealing with.

But Park Moon-dae says this group member’s attitude is strange and I can’t get any hints?

Whether it’s family work public opinion or even schedule issues I’m definitely a person who can come up with plausible hints.

No he is someone who can do that.

‘But if you can’t do it.’

That means it’s a more personal issue.

Something that has nothing to do with the surrounding environment.

More intimate personal circumstances.

Then… there is only one thing left.

“…Is there anything wrong with your body?”

health.

“…”

I continued speaking with the silent Ryu Cheng-wu in front of me.

A pre-release video of Testa Office’s own content that we just saw.

There was something I definitely realized while looking at that screen.

A trend he’s been seeing lately.

“You said you were trying to save on movement.”

Ryu Cheong-woo is a guy who always steps up when there is something to do. This is because he originally came from the national sports team and is challenging in that regard.

But in this entertainment.

-Chief Cha Yu-jin. See the pole on the left? Let’s write it.

-Wait a moment to the left…

Whenever something that required instant grip strength occurred Liu Chengyu thought for a moment and made a decision instead of reflexively jumping out.

And he instructed others to move.

Exactly… only when you have to use a certain body part.

“The left arm.”

“…”

“You… were trying not to use your arm strength.”

You won’t be able to deny it.

because.

“I haven’t seen it once or twice.”

Recently… has he ever done anything like that with his strength?

Even when I go to my agency’s MT entertainment show it’s not there.

‘Even when he played hide and seek with me he targeted my psychological weaknesses.’

Even during the random play dance he maintained a strangely conservative attitude. I was quickly eliminated and switched to giving advice or being involved in song selection.

He’s not even a guy who can’t dance.

“…I was convinced of that through this monitoring.”

But still.

Ryu Cheng-wu’s arm range of motion is fine during choreography practice and in real life. First of all I have never complained of pain that was noticeable to others.

However I am avoiding using it unconsciously.

why?

“Why do you feel uncomfortable using your left arm?”

I dared to ask that question.

Expecting some degree of refutation or emotional response.

And Liu Chengwu…

“…”

Didn’t answer.

The cheerfulness and natural softness that appeared when recalling the previous photoshoot was not visible on the guy’s face.

But he didn’t stiffen or get angry.

He just looked somewhere else for a moment with a strange face that I couldn’t tell if he was smiling or not then got up and moved.

To the hallway.

So he passed me and went into his room.

widely.

There was the sound of the door closing softly.

“…”

It was a refusal to talk.

And the next day.

“Have you finished eating?”

He calmly took care of the members checked their schedules and carried out his normal duties.

But he wouldn’t talk to me privately.

It’s just… it doesn’t answer itself.

‘What… is this?’

However there was no time to think about it in detail nor was there any time to force a conversation with him.

Because I don’t have time anymore.

[VTIC – ‘Serpent’ Official M/V]

VTIC’s activity period was in full swing.
