---
title: "Chapter 614"
category: "book"
index: 613
section: "Chapter 614"
slug: "614"
---

# Chapter 614

For VTIC the expression ‘push’ applied exactly.

-You crazy people.

-What on earth did you think of this?

-You’re really good.

It was aggressive.

Park Moon-dae recalled the most impressive cut from their music video.

The intimidating black uniform seen in the teaser was still worn all over his body.

I also knew that by following the melody of my debut song I would take care of the completeness of the heart-thrilling narrative that represents the throne of the afterlife.

But there was one more unexpected detail.

Feels old.

[…]

dark hall. When the walking figure appears at the end of the light in the dusty wind you can see that the costume and parts no longer sparkle.

The frayed leather and rusted precious metals with countless scratches create a noble yet desolate atmosphere.

And the contrast with the background and costumes…

A fiery dance climax.

[Now I’m calling you

A maze that spreads out of control

into it]

The drone camera dynamically captures the idol stretching out his limbs while using the crowd of dancers in gray uniforms with their faces covered as objects and pedestals.

Every time the composition moves up from the bottom it zooms out into the sky and then every time there is a sharp close-up the costumes intersect and change appearance.

The filming lighting and equipment deliberately exposed in all directions deepened the sense of identity.

I am a performer.

[Reach out your hand getting closer and closer

Umm]

A powerful flight in silence.

[You’d better hold your breath]

VTIC made good use of the margin.

Against the backdrop of a fallen but still majestic and overwhelming palace the tempo was deliberately lowered during the dance break and choreography that emphasized control of strength and weakness was adopted.

Of course it was a highly difficult choreography that required several times more strength and skill than simply dancing to a fast beat.

But aiming has a multiplier effect.

[Caught and bitten]

Impact.

An image of someone waiting with bated breath and then being robbed.

It fit perfectly with their current narrative.

VTIC was actually a perfect year for students in Korea whose grades did not live up to their name.

-Honestly I wish I had known that I would perish like a dog.

-Have you ever had this kind of form in your history after being discharged from the military?

-Mom I want to become a V-Tik when I grow up! Mom I want to be a V-Tik when I grow up! Mom I want to be a V-Tik when I grow up! (sincerity)

People love underdog narratives.

And like a phoenix rising from the ashes VTIC intentionally adopted the image of challenging the current trend Testa rather than relying on past glory.

This is a structure that was orthodoxly opposed.

‘This is not some kind of stolen poverty.’

Park Moon-dae snorted but knew that it was all just a battle for image anyway so he was not even more agitated.

I just guessed the other person’s feelings.

‘…I’m satisfied that it’s as calculated.’

No you might not be satisfied and take it for granted.

Park Moon-dae did not underestimate his rival’s brains and accepted the situation calmly.

-torn

In this way the MV of VTIC’s new song was firmly ranked No. 1 in real-time popular videos.

No matter how interesting Testa’s own content is a short 5-minute comeback title is much less burdensome to click than a 40-minute idol entertainment show.

‘If you compare it in absolute numbers I think Testa won in terms of domestic views on the first day.’

However what is immediately visible is the real-time ranking above Testa.

-I’m tired of V-Tik haha.

-Ma Testa

-Is there a fandom without conscience that tries to compare the daily numbers of Sambyul’s music video which has been released more than a week ago with the numbers on the first day of NUGTIK’s release?

└Leave it alone you seem to be in a bad mood for leaving your junior behind.

So you pressed the ‘VTIC tester? When articles such as ‘the majesty of the KPOP throne’ pour in and Testa fans make common sense defenses such as ‘It’s because they came in as latecomers’.

“I’ll just give you a short briefing.”

Testa which banned article monitoring during the early stages of this activity was indifferent.

Because I knew what the reaction would be.

And the next development as well.

“VTIC will take first place on music shows next week.”

The members who were each stretched out on chairs or sofas and out of breath silently nodded at Park Moon-dae’s calm words.

However a question arose in the next sentence.

“In terms of album sales… the initial release will definitely be pushed back.”

“I have a question for you. Why are you so sure?”

“Because those fans haven’t bought an album in over a year.”

This means that they will have the willingness and financial resources to spend more on the album.

“Oh…”

Of course it doesn’t end here.

Park Moon-dae calmly declared.

“But we will soon take back the music charts.”

“…!”

Lee Se-jin who was lying next to him turned around with a grin and muttered softly.

“Hmm the seniors’ songs have a lot of weight. “Intense.”

That’s right.

VTIC’s songs were high quality addictive and incredibly epic and powerful.

So on the contrary it has a big disadvantage.

“Being heavy is not necessarily an advantage when it comes to music.”

“It’s a bit like that isn’t it?”

A male idol song about gaining weight.

No matter how good they are in the first team and doing well overseas there are many people who so-called ‘skip’ them at home.

It’s tiring to listen to and I don’t find it attractive.

‘It’s too much and it hurts my ears to listen to it often on my way to work.’

No matter how clever Cheongnyeo was she could not change the tastes of people who were not interested in her in a short period of time.

So sound source maintenance is a weakness.

‘That’s where the balance is struck.’

I was able to carry out this composition on an equal footing but…

“The problem is the Billboard Hot 100.”

“hmm.”

Even if the immediate overseas performance was clearly compared to the first week there was a high probability that Testa would be objectively pushed out.

“are you okay. “We took that into consideration and avoided releasing it on Friday.”

-It has to be released on Friday to be fully reflected on Billboard. But Testa lost money by just releasing it in the Monday-Tuesday section as usual.

└Oh I see ㄱㅅㄱㅅ

In this way we can continue to delay the declaration of VTIC’s victory by decision.

“Don’t get upset and just keep doing what you wanted to do.”

“Got it.”

“…of course.”

Behind Bae Se-jin’s serious voice Lee Se-jin added.

“But all sorts of things happen in the world so let’s all stay alert and let’s go~”

“That’s right.”

“I will do my best in my activities!”

“Ugh!”

In this way Testa made up her mind again to focus on her busy schedule as best as she could.

The briefing had exactly the effect that Park Moon-dae wanted but there were still things that bothered him.

“…”

So I tried again.

“Brother Cheongwoo.”

A small sleeping room attached to the waiting room.

Liu Chengwu meets him alone again.

* * *

Liu Chengwu did not ignore my words. He lightly turned his head and looked at me.

But it’s been like this since morning.

Here if I bring up work-related issues or everyday stories I will respond gently and well.

The problem is that when people talk about their own arms they keep their mouths shut.

like this.

“Arm… no.”

“…”

The funny thing is that I don’t avoid my seat anymore. Perhaps because he feels sorry for running away last night this guy just sits quietly and listens.

The lack of response is the same.

I finally held back my sigh.

“I don’t know either. “I wonder what you’re thinking and why you’re keeping your mouth shut.”

To be honest I originally thought Ryu Chengwu was the type that was easy to understand.

Doesn’t it come out just when you look at it?

A person with great resilience who has no unnecessary thoughts is healthy and knows how to immediately pull himself together in a healthy way even when he hits rock bottom.

Would you say that it shows that you have no wrinkles and that you were raised well and loved?

‘At least I thought there was no avoidance tendency at all.’

This guy is calm in the face of problems.

Because if it’s a problem that can’t be solved you don’t worry about it and if it’s a problem that can be solved you take action right away.

Even if you get angry and upset don’t run away.

‘I thought he was that type of guy.’

…No actually I still think that way. Because Liu Chengwu is that kind of guy I also received a lot of help.

-Mundae. It’s okay to talk about this in a more relaxed manner.

-In the face of fear and pain people tend to get a little angry and blame others but that’s okay.

So I couldn’t understand this situation any more.

I understand that you don’t open up about your problems. But if that’s the case ‘I’ll take care of it. This means that he is the type of person who would even add words like ‘don’t worry’.

Ryu Cheong-wu who is so silent. It couldn’t be this awkward and strange.

I looked at the guy.

“…”

If you think about the number of cases.

“I understand if you don’t want to talk to me. “But why don’t you get help from someone other than me?”

I thought for a moment and then added.

But wouldn’t it be a little different if it were a family?

“…I think it would be a good idea to discuss it with your parents. how is it.”

There was another long silence.

My mood sinks not knowing whether I’m nervous or like shit.

‘Fuck you.’

I stood still suppressing the urge to frown.

And Liu Chengwu…

“okay.”

I answered.

“okay…”

But that was it.

The guy who answered seemed to have something like thick blood in his voice.

A kind of weary fatigue seemed to be dripping not only from his voice but also from his attitude and whole body.

“…”

I was speechless.

Liu Chengwu stayed like that for a moment then without warning lifted up the book next to him and started reading.

widely.

The sound of books turning over rang several times.

That was the end.

* * *

After the conversation.

‘What the fuck are you asking me to do?’

Even though I lowered my head to make it easier for the stylist to work with my hair was complicated.

“Wait a minute~”

“yes.”

I feel like I’m going to turn away because I’m so frustrated.

I never thought I was very talented at comforting others but this is the first time I thought I didn’t know people this much.

‘If I just force myself to drag that thing and go to the hospital… no then my morale will suffer.’

Because the work is going well. Is it better to believe and wait?

I don’t know what the fuck is a mine and what isn’t.

“It’s done!”

“thank you.”

It was when I was so depressed that I had finished getting my hair done.

“Mundaemundae~ Wait here!”

“…”

When I turned my head Big Sejin who had finished setting up first grinned and tried to shake my shoulder.

Clothes get wrinkled.

“What is it?”

“Hey come and see.”

As I followed him I saw Bae Se-jin sitting on the sofa.

“…?”

What is this combination?

“Mundaemun University apple juice?”

“no…”

“Remove the ice? “It’s almost the stage now~”

As I was looking at him in bewilderment as he poured pressed apple juice into a tumbler as if he were some sort of bartender he urged me to take a sip quickly.

Wow.

I was dumbfounded and drank it and only then did Bae Se-jin open his mouth first.

“I’m asking just in case.”

“…”

“Did you… fight with Liu Chengwu?”

ah.

“No. “When I was talking to you earlier… I thought his reaction was a bit strange.”

That’s… worth seeing. This morning Liu Chengwu started leaking my words.

A sensitive person like Bae Se-jin or a quick-witted person like Keun Se-jin would have noticed.

‘You two have this in common.’

So I think they sensed each other’s antipathy and fought like dogs in the beginning.

“It seemed like you also froze when you saw Ryu Cheong-woo’s reaction.”

“Me?”

“Oh Mundae was a bit like that too right? “Do I have to say that it seems unfair?”

“…! “Yeah that’s what it feels like!”

“…”

But now that the two agree the bullshit doubles.

Anyway the question itself got straight to the point.

‘What happened with Liu Chengwu?’

I put down the apple juice.

“…”

“Hmm so… I wonder what’s going on.”

Should I tell you?

It seems like Liu Chengwu doesn’t use his left arm.

It looks like he may have been injured but in real life he doesn’t complain of pain and no injuries are visible…

‘In essence the right answer is to share things like this quickly.’

The problem is that Liu Chengwu actually has no symptoms.

If you talk about speculative remarks to other people in a situation where you don’t feel comfortable answering even if you ask them outright wouldn’t you end up in trouble?

Are you in a situation where everyone is talking about their problems without you even saying anything? It didn’t seem like it would be of any help to the guy who was already in such a strange condition.

‘Isn’t it better as a countermeasure to attack the company directly?’

After reaching a conclusion I opened my mouth.

“We didn’t fight but I asked about Chungwoo’s personal circumstances.”

“Personal circumstances?”

“…hmm. But I’m not sure either. “I’ll wait and see.”

“ah.”

The two of them probably realized that this was a more private story so they didn’t ask any more questions.

Still at this level those guys will probably notice it if they observe Ryu Cheong-wu for a bit.

‘Let’s lay the groundwork.’

It would be better if the members noticed everything naturally like this.

That’s what I concluded.

“Now let’s get up to get ready.”

“hmm. “That’s how it should be.”

We all got up from the sofa together.

Bad feelings’ first stage recording next week of their comeback.

It is a pre-recording that removes all sub-songs b-side songs etc. and only shows the title song.

“VTIC isn’t here right?”

“uh. “I heard there was a contract to premiere it on an American talk show.”

“okay.”

We passed the company staff having a short chat and headed to the stage.

It would have seemed no different from usual music broadcasts.

However there is one exception.

Don’t be surprised.

“Tnet it’s been a while~”

Here is Music Bomb a music program on T1’s broadcasting station Tnet.

From the first public performance of &lt;Azusa&gt; to Testa’s comeback show there was a very close relationship there.

Of course it was destroyed when it became independent as Orbit Entertainment.

“I thought you’d never call me again.”

“Sure.”

But isn’t the most important thing in a capitalist world a person who makes money?

“…Our comeback has become a hot topic so I can’t miss it right?”

“I guess so.”

If VTIC had appeared things might have been a little different but they cut off cable music broadcasting as soon as they came out.

Tnet’s greed to seize even the slightest possibility in this comeback battle ultimately led to Testa’s appearance.

“It’s a new feeling.”

After we felt a new emotion in front of the stage. Soon he jumped up.

I can see a wave of light ahead.

-Waaaa!!

“hello~!”

“No one could sleep! Oh I’m so sorry and thank you. really.”

No matter what grades you get with VTIC or what kind of damn situation you are in.

I don’t say unnecessary bullshit to my fans. Kind words greetings jokes and cheerful questions and answers were exchanged.

‘Leave your complaints to a counselor.’

“Isn’t the checked suit nice today?”

“I think this is the first time I’ve seen such bright colors during this promotion!”

“I know. “Ravin’s fans will really like it.”

Cheers laughter and applause erupted.

“Then let’s go to the stage!”

It was fun.

-Bad feelings!

crow.

A new way to cheer.

And the stretching choreography and singing voice echoing through the microphone and speakers.

Everything is fun.

“One more time? OK!”

-Wow!

Four pre-recordings. Actually it’s a good time to end now but thanks to the mood the ending was carried out like fan service.

In front of the camera director who was squinting the members led by Cha Yu-jin said hello and gave hearts before taking their seats.

‘My physical strength is fine.’

I also cleared my throat. I looked to the side and saw Cha Yu-jin at the center as if she was on fire with excitement.

‘I can’t be pushed around.’

I smiled and looked straight ahead again.

And as is the last cut the stage explodes with all the remaining stamina and energy being used up.

-These bad feelings!

Don’t leave too

think of me every morning

Cha Yu-jin’s next refrain. He sweeps my hair and pushes me toward the center like the member next to me is throwing.

And high notes.

-These bad feelings!

You take it too

Take it out every day like me

An exhilarating sound rang from the tip of my stomach to my head. Because of the in-ears I can’t hear the shouts. But I knew it was clearly in front of me.

Adrenaline rushes.

And if you jump up and move the movement to the side the next member who appears at the center is…

–

“…”

I can’t hear it.

I immediately turned heads as I performed the choreography.

The person who had to produce a clear low voice that matched the rhythmic bass and guitar modulations…

It stood still in the middle.

–

“brother?”

“no.”

Liu Qingyu looked like he was about to say something but he looked down at his hands again and muttered.

“no…”

“…”

For a moment silence fell on the stage.

While only MR was flowing cheerfully the members who noticed the situation stopped their choreography one by one.

“wait a minute!”

“We’ll take a break and then go back.”

But it did not resume.

The pre-recording ended with that.
