---
title: "Chapter 615"
category: "book"
index: 614
section: "Chapter 615"
slug: "615"
---

# Chapter 615

Sweet.

——————==

[What’s going on in Testa Sanhok?]

I heard it suddenly stopped. What happened?

——————==

-???

-What are you talking about?

-It’s true real-time reviews have stopped…

-Accident?

There is a long explanatory comment at the bottom of the scroll.

-It’s not a big deal. They already performed more than 3 times on stage but at the last minute they tried to do it again for fans but it seemed like they had to stop due to sound problems.

└Ahh…

└Ahahahahahahahaha

└Those bastards are so damned even after calling them out. Ugh.

40 minutes later.

——————==

[I heard earlier that Testa Sanhok was not discontinued due to sound issues. Is this true?]

Is it true that one member suddenly stopped singing alone and stood still in the center so it ended up not being able to restart and the fans were notified? Is this true? If it’s true the fans are so upset.

——————==

-Huh?

-Is this real???

-Hehe… The story is all over the place it seems like it’s true.

└ㄹㅇ? omg;;;

-The distortion is funny. It’s transparent that I just want to curse.

-You’re not asking because you’re curious. Just scream that you want to spread rumors. Really.

└I’m the author so please stop making malicious claims. If it’s true it’s a fan scam so I’m asking because I’m worried about the feelings of the fans who attended the audience.

└I think your fans will feel more at ease if you don’t post stuff like this.

└Why are you so sensitive? I guess this was real haha.

As you turn the page to the latest version the bulletin board is slowly covered with similar posts.

[Have there been rumors of a feud?]

[Is this the member who is talking about Testa now?]

[Maybe there was a fight?]

[It doesn’t seem like a normal thing]

Worry Interest Interest Nervousness Lowly Joy Expectation.

and.

——————==

[Music will be taken down next week after the test]

It seems like everything was just canceled without any notice… (link)

——————==

-omg

-What the hell is going on?

-Are there any eyewitness accounts from the hospital?

-I’m really worried at this point.

-Why aren’t you announcing it?

A page where the latest articles pour out in real time. After leaving there the screen switches to a new site.

Beneath the waters where explicit profanity and slang abound.

Top popular posts.

——————==

[I guess it felt like I was going to give a shit to Petik haha]

Even though we are juniors we are the first to declare that we are retired. We can’t do it even if we die so we avoid it haha. He is a former 1st team goalkeeper!

——————==

-Trying to make a fool out of the poor by creating a narrative that doesn’t have any survival skills.

-Why are you doing that? It’s because our Ruri is sick!ㅠㅠ

└I followed along like a dog haha.

-Still the leader is the one with the gun but the fact that he graduated from a national university makes me feel cool.

-It’s a real shame. The guy who won the gold medal in archery haha. He did well in the first team for a few years so he was completely tainted.

“…”

-Now can we just wait for complaints of difficulty in activities due to mental pain? Hahaha

Maybe so.

* * *

A few hours ago.

Pre-recording suddenly stopped.

“brother!”

Ryu Cheong-woo who came down from the stage spoke without even drinking the water offered by the staff.

“sorry. “I’ll do it again.”

“Wait a minute.”

What does the guy who was frozen and couldn’t even speak mean?

I intervened right away. Liu Chengyu’s face was just expressionless.

“…”

Since I’ve come this far I can’t help but ask.

“You’re sick right?”

There was a sound of breathing coming from behind. However the person who actually heard the words did not react.

“eight…”

No I kept my mouth shut and glanced around. Eyes looking with curiosity.

Broadcasting station officials.

There were too many eyes watching.

“Stop. We finished recording. “Fans just need to show another good side of themselves.”

“That’s right.”

“I think my muscles are shocked but I’ll finish it for today. excuse me! “Director!”

Soon I heard a broadcasting station employee go up on stage and post an announcement that today’s pre-recording would end here because ‘there is something to check.’

And we quietly moved to the waiting room with Ryu Cheng-wu before we heard the fans’ noise.

widely.

As soon as the door closed I saw our staff getting anxious and calling the company to see if they needed to go to the hospital.

At the same time Big Sejin also extended his arm to Liu Chengyu’s back.

“Brother go to the hospital first…”

Liu Chengwu roughly grabbed his arm and pulled it down.

“…!”

But there was no further resistance.

“sorry.”

The guy quietly got up and moved with the staff without even wiping off his cold sweat.

To the hospital.

“…”

“Let’s follow along.”

“Ugh…”

We started moving after him with a bad feeling…

and.

“They said there was nothing wrong.”

“what?”

“Brother Cheongwoo. “I’m feeling fine.”

You will receive unexpected results.

‘…I’m fine.’

Liu Chengwu’s body was normal.

There was nothing to identify with the left arm. He is perfectly healthy but as a KPOP idol who specializes in performance suffers from chronic diseases he only received comments that it would be good to take good care of his joints.

“…Liu Chengwu’s muscles aren’t damaged or anything like that?”

“First of all the prosecutors say there is nothing right now.”

However Liu Chengwu was not relieved by the results.

“Let’s get back to schedule.”

As soon as he left the treatment room he just said that as if he had never been to the hospital.

As if it was a fixed task.

“…”

“Hyung then why did you suddenly stop on stage earlier?”

“I don’t know.”

“Then there’s no guarantee it won’t happen again.”

“It shouldn’t be like that.”

Liu Chengwu answered repeatedly.

“…It shouldn’t be like that.”

As if repeating it to myself.

“…”

Even Keun Se-jin kept his mouth shut.

No one could get angry in an atmosphere filled with bewilderment and bewilderment.

Because no one ever imagined that Liu Chengyu would be like this.

* * *

Just in case Ryu Cheong-woo was left at the hospital to continue receiving detailed examinations and the remaining members returned to the accommodation.

Cha Yu-jin opened her mouth in silence.

“I just scold Chungwoo telling him to stop acting like a fool and come to his senses. Tell me. “That’s right.”

“no!”

“That’s not it…!”

Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun. Cha Yu-jin also flinched when the people who had experienced a slump were shocked and opposed.

“People don’t come to their senses just because you say things like that! “In fact it could be a trauma!”

“We are working! And my brother is a team player. “If you want to win the game you have to accept criticism.”

“…that’s not the kind of people we hang out with just to work.”

As Bae Se-jin muttered with a bit of disappointment Cha Yu-jin stretched out under the sofa as if she was frustrated.

“Brothers remember Bad Cha Yujin! “I remember!”

Kim Rae-bin subdued Cha Yu-jin who argued that it was all because the brothers showed her a place to lie down.

Big Sejin sighed briefly.

“What Eugene said is actually the correct method right? “To be honest it might be better to say that this is a nuisance.”

“hey!”

“No look. If you try to coax Cheongwoo or scold him with nice words… don’t you think everyone will realize what your intention is? “In fact it could have the opposite effect.”

“…that.”

Bae Se-jin paused.

Although Keun Se-jin didn’t mention it he probably remembered their relationship at the beginning of his debut.

‘You also felt worse when I said something kind and nice.’

That means behaving appropriately.

“…”

In the silence each member seemed lost in thought.

‘If it were me.’

What do you think? How should I approach the situation most comfortably and with peace of mind?…

Of course there was no answer.

‘Now is not the time to rest.’

This is the section where decisive build-up is required in a situation where everything is at stake at the beginning of the activity period.

To Ryu Cheong-woo ‘I’ll only care about your feelings. Tell me everything about what’s going on and let’s focus on healing together!’ It’s not easy to say the same thing.

In the first place looking at Ryu Cheong-wu’s attitude now it didn’t seem like he would accept such a thing.

I ended up taking out a temporary suture kit.

I need to at least fix things. Fuck it.

“You make another excuse.”

“Hyung I’m planning to cancel next week’s music broadcast schedule first.”

I gave Ryu Cheong-woo who returned home after a detailed examination a drink that I could easily grab and said as if it was no big deal.

“We are going to prepare other content next week anyway and try to avoid appearing with VTIC…”

“They said they wanted to show us appearing on a music show together.”

The small sound of Kim Rae-bin swallowing his saliva rang right behind him.

Liu Chengwu’s tone was calm but compared to usual his reaction was clearly even a bit aggressive.

‘If you get swayed here it won’t do anything.’

I answered calmly.

“When I thought about it again I didn’t think it would be a good idea for VTIC to be in first place and the image of us clapping in the background would be broadcast on the airwaves.”

Logically.

“First of all I definitely worked well for two weeks and my grades were impressive so I think it would be better not to be compared for no reason.”

Of course I know.

Even if I say this even this bastard will notice. Oh I guess they put it on hold because they were worried that I would be frozen on stage again.

‘Still there is definitely a difference in accepting whether there is a reasonable reason or not… ’

“just.”

A voice cuts through my thoughts.

“Let’s do it as planned.”

“…”

If it comes out like that. I can’t help it.

I crossed my arms and suppressed a sigh.

“Shall we decide by majority vote?”

“…”

Of course the one who took a break from music broadcasts won.

Because all the other members agreed with my opinion.

This time Liu Chengwu did not object. I just silently looked at the members’ raised hands silently accepted them then got up and went into the room.

widely.

The door closed without a loud sound. That’s how I bought time but…

“I don’t feel good.”

“Ugh…”

Each member still sat in the living room with an anxious or confused expression.

Then Big Sejin quietly touched his side and asked.

“Mundaemun University. “You mentioned the strange atmosphere you had with Chungwoo earlier. Could this have had something to do with it?”

“…”

Even though a catastrophe occurred that left Liu Chengwu standing frozen on stage he didn’t confess anything?

Now I was in a situation where I had to tell my guess.

“…It seems like there is.”

“…!”

I told about what happened so far without going overboard.

Ryu Cheong-woo’s attitude has recently been to not use his left arm and to be passive about using his body vigorously.

And even Ryu Cheong-wu’s appearance last night when I mentioned that he kept his mouth shut.

“…”

When I think about how Ryu Cheong-woo was frozen and unable to move on stage today there is an answer that comes naturally.

“Wait a minute that looks like an injury…”

Bae Se-jin muttered.

“The physical examination was fine.”

That’s right. It has already been denied.

“excuse me.”

The person who raised his hand at that time was an unexpected person.

Sun Ah-hyun biting her lip.

“Maybe it’s yips.”

“uh…?”

YIPS.

“A player who was good at sports such as golf or baseball suddenly loses control of his movements and ends up making ridiculous mistakes…”

“…”

“There are cases where people suffer from these symptoms for several years and then retire.”

Raebin Kim’s eyes trembled as he read the definition he found on the Internet.

“But Chungwoo said it wasn’t a physical problem such as muscle reflexes. so…”

“It’s completely a psychological problem.”

After searching a few more times Bae Se-jin muttered without realizing it.

“…conversion disorder.”

-A disease in which abnormal symptoms and defects appear mainly in motor or sensory functions due to psychological causes.

The surprised members threw up their hands.

“Making such a judgment too hastily…”

“…! Of course not!”

Bae Se-jin also quickly closed the page probably because he had been reading along subconsciously.

“Anyway it’s true that I have to go to the hospital again. “Counseling…”

“You have to force me to let you go.”

The members looked uncomfortable while talking about the need for a proper diagnosis and treatment.

It is uncomfortable to have such a conversation with the remaining members leaving the person who entered the room alone.

and…

“But… if this is right.”

Bae Se-jin’s voice trembled slightly.

“They say treatment is difficult because it is a symptom that has not been explained by medical principles.”

“…”

The heavy questions that came next eventually did not come out of their mouths but quietly settled in people’s hearts.

‘Then what happens to Chungwoo?’

and.

‘Why on earth did this happen?’

Questions about the cause.

* * *

“I never thought something like this would happen.”

Kim Rae-bin muttered a little dejectedly.

This is Kim Rae-bin and Park Moon-dae’s room.

Due to this incident Cha Yu-jin who took Park Moon-dae’s bed instead of Park Moon-dae who had gone out to contact the company lay down on his side and threw and caught a football.

Although it seems carefree at first glance it was actually an action to get one’s mentality straight.

No matter how much he said it was an embarrassing and worrying situation.

Something unexpected.

“that’s right.”

Wasn’t Liu Chengwu a great person who would be overwhelmed by so-called ‘feelings’ such as anxiety or worry?

A strong human being with a strong body and mind without any sense of harm.

‘It would have been okay if I had played American football.’

Cha Yu-jin licked her lips and received her ball again with one hand.

widely.

A conversation between two quick-witted older brothers flashes through my mind.

-When Chungwoo quit archery it was because of aftereffects on his left arm. Maybe that might come to mind?

-It’s been quiet for a while since debut but suddenly now?

okay. Strange timing.

And here is a friend of his same age who secretly came up with another hypothesis.

“Cha Yujin. Do you think that the disappeared past we were thinking of may have had a negative impact on Chungwoo?”

oh.

“perhaps.”

okay. It was something he had thought about too.

Cha Yu-jin recited the alphabet with her mouth. STIER.

Steer.

“That can have an impact.”

Cha Yu-jin also needed some time to organize her thoughts. But he has already gone beyond that stage and has digested the memories.

In fact now only a bitter yet pleasant feeling remained.

‘I can’t believe Moon Dae is my fan.’

Thinking of the original owner of the bed she was lying on Cha Yu-jin felt the urge to whistle briefly in a teasing manner.

Of course he realized the reality and disappeared.

Cha Yu-jin answered calmly and coolly.

“The group didn’t have good results but we finished well and the misunderstanding disappeared.”

“…”

“There’s nothing to be anxious about Cheongwoo.”

“You’re right.”

Kim Rae-bin also nodded seriously.

Testa is currently going smoothly and there is no way it will suddenly fall into controversy like it did then just because it has a fight with VTIC.

‘Well the activity that just the three of us did at the end was okay in its own way.’

It was eventful but looking back now it wasn’t that bad as a finale to the group called Steer…

finish?

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin stopped her hand.

Then he put down the ball and raised his upper body.

“Cha Yujin?”

“Ravin. “After you finished you went to the military right?”

“uh?”

Raebin Kim realized that it meant steer and nodded absentmindedly.

“okay. And I continued to study composition…”

“I went to America and did other things.”

Cha Yu-jin opened her mouth again.

“What did you do at that time Chungwoo?”

Sweet.

At that moment the door opened and the owner of the room appeared.

Park Moon-dae who had just returned from a phone call looked tired after seeing the two youngest.

“You guys here…”

“Hyung Moon Dae.”

Before Park Moon-dae could say anything Cha Yu-jin quickly pushed his brother back into the room and closed the door.

With the sound of the door closing a strange expression appeared on Park Moon-dae’s face.

“You’ve worked hard! You did really well. “But I have something to ask you.”

What are you saying?

Park Moon-dae was shocked but after seeing Cha Yu-jin’s serious face he decided to listen to what he said next.

And immediately sighs.

“I was a fan of my older brother Bad Cha Yu-jin. “Right?”

“…no”

“I know. We all know. So let me ask.”

Park Moon-dae who was suddenly questioned by Steer Fan once more was so embarrassed that he kept his mouth shut but his expression couldn’t help but return when Cha Yu-jin said next.

Because it was informative.

“What did Chungwoo do after our group ended?”

“…”

Park Mun-dae answered slowly.

“I haven’t heard from all three of you.”

“…”

Kim Rae-bin went to the military and Cha Yu-jin went to the United States.

“Cheongwoo also had no other activities. So what I was up to at that time… I don’t know.”

“…!”

Cha Yu-jin shouted.

“That’s strange!”

“what?”

[Obviously he wanted to continue being a KPOP singer!]

That… is a fact that even Park Moon-dae has no choice but to know.

“I also saw Moon Dae. “Scary Cheongwoo!”

When I only remember steer Liu Chengwu I remember how desperate he was to carry out Testa’s activities properly.

“…”

for a moment.

If so… that is.

‘Even after the steer was over couldn’t Ryu Cheong-wu have done anything?’

Even if it’s a small solo album.

If he wanted to do it he would have renewed his contract with a small or medium-sized agency and even if he didn’t there should have been an article that hinted at something.

That is if you have the intention to continue working in the entertainment industry.

But the thing that doesn’t exist is…

“…You were in a situation where you couldn’t do it?”

And what is the reason?

“Didn’t your arm hurt at that time?”

“…”

Damn it.
