---
title: "Chapter 616"
category: "book"
index: 615
section: "Chapter 616"
slug: "616"
---

# Chapter 616

Liu Chengwu had heard such words from adults since he was very young.

This means that he was truly blessed.

– Even though he is young he already has a tall and sharp figure and I am so blessed that he resembles his mom and dad. Oh my~ how good is it?

This story followed him throughout his life. Only the tone of voice changed depending on the surrounding environment.

-Hey I’ll have to call you brother from now on. You are fucking good.

-Ah you should call Cheongwoo hyung.

-Ryu Cheong-woo is selected for the national team? That guy really has it all.

Sometimes it was a subtle attack.

-Honestly I was born like that. Isn’t it weirder that I can’t do it?

-Isn’t it better to choose archery with that body? It’s not even soccer or baseball it’s all teamwork. That bastard?

And Liu Chengwu has never attached much significance to those opinions.

I too had worries and difficulties but I didn’t feel any sense of defiance wondering why I was like that nor did I feel excited or arrogant thinking that I was a naturally talented person.

That doesn’t change anything so what’s the point?

A life of just doing what you have to do every day liking the good things and quickly letting go or overcoming the things you don’t like.

It goes without saying that such a gentle disposition made Ryu Cheong-woo’s position even stronger.

Because people who are not swayed by the sounds around them are attractive anywhere.

In this way he lived steadily without being influenced or influenced by various interferences and prejudices.

Because I had the mental strength will talent and sincerity to overcome adversity. He was able to run without hesitation toward what he wanted to achieve throughout his life.

Until that happened.

-Cheongwoo! Our Cheongwoo arm… oh please please…

“…”

Liu Chengwu closed his eyes and opened them.

He must have fallen asleep for a moment but he was lying on the bed. My back was damp with cold sweat.

I need to take a shower.

He got up from his seat in a bit of a daze.

Tuk.

I reflexively caught my smartphone as it fell next to me.

“…”

The room was quiet.

My roommate Cha Yu-jin was away. The American football that had been sitting on the bed next to me was also gone.

‘You went out with that thing again.’

Every time I go somewhere I never let go of it. Cha Yu-jin.

Even when he left the room without saying a word on a day off because his schedule was not set due to a controversy…

“no.”

That’s not now.

Liu Chengyu stopped walking. I haven’t even gotten into the shower yet but it feels like cold water has been poured on the top of my head.

It seemed like it kept getting mixed up.

A past that no longer exists.

“…”

He stood there for a moment lost in unspeakable thoughts and then took a heavy step again.

Let’s do our job.

As you do your work… at some point you get distracted.

I went into the bathroom attached to my room and washed with cold water and when I came out there was someone in the living room.

“…! Liu Chengwu.”

Bae Se-jin who was reading an e-book reader with a TV on that he wasn’t even watching was delighted.

It was a quick morning break this morning after finishing the pre-recording of a music show without an audience.

“Did you get some rest?”

Liu Chengwu nodded.

“What about the other kids?”

“ah

And Bae Se-jin hesitated a few times and then asked as if he had practiced.

“It’s time for lunch. What… should I order and eat? “Do you want to eat something?”

Then when the atmosphere eases does he try to carefully get to the point?

As soon as I expected that I started to feel tired as if I had already experienced it.

“…”

I wasn’t used to this.

It is impossible to guess and accept other people’s good intentions and help in advance.

If you don’t need it just accept it as you don’t need it and if you need it just accept it gladly. That hasn’t happened recently. wonderfully.

Liu Chengwu just shook his head calmly.

Denial without even having a conversation.

“Oh yeah…”

Bae Se-jin quietly agreed. A faint sense of guilt passed by at that sight but it was meaningless to express it.

Bae Se-jin soon quietly spoke to someone on the phone…

“brother.”

Soon members who were not in the living room came rushing into the house.

There was a dangling plastic bag in his hand.

“I heard you both haven’t had lunch yet so I brought it for you.”

What I bought was gamjatang. The members came in without saying anything in particular that they had bought something that my brother liked saying they just wanted something hot.

Are you doing this because you think I might find it burdensome to openly give the impression that you care for me?

Perhaps it was even more tiresome because the thought of trying to guess that point was unfamiliar to me.

Liu Chengyu sat at the table helping prepare the meal in silence.

“I will eat well~”

The thought that this was a moment that should have been rushed and done in the car did not leave my mind.

I think it’s correct to check whether the members left the dorm because they had other entertainment or other matters to attend to…

I didn’t want to ask.

But you have to do what you have to do.

“You have a stage schedule in the afternoon.”

“…”

At Liu Qingwu’s words the sound from the table stopped for a moment.

The attitude of reacting after thinking once.

“yes. But anyway there is no live broadcast and it is a studio shoot. “I like this about WeTube.”

“That’s right.”

In fact it is not important whether it is a live broadcast or not but I probably wanted to focus on the fact that it was a studio shoot.

That there is no audience.

It was a sign that it would be okay even if he couldn’t perform on stage again.

Just like I did this morning.

“…”

Still if you stop on stage one or two more times words will definitely get out.

Because that’s how controversy is.

Because… the story is already coming out.

“…”

But at times like this did you say thank you and practice hard?

Liu Chengwu repeated “I don’t know.”

I don’t know.

* * *

“What should I do? “It’s like comforting someone and asking them where it hurts.”

“…”

“I don’t know. no…”

Bae Se-jin almost lost his mind.

As expected since Ryu Cheong-wu and I were both in the dorm any attempt to talk openly with people of the same age seemed to have sunk.

‘I forgot that this guy is also the type of person who thinks too much and suffers… ’

He is a person who sticks his head in when it comes to right and wrong but since it becomes someone else’s mental problem he has no choice but to repeat simulation after simulation like walking through a minefield.

‘I guess I’m more cautious because I’m struggling with mental issues myself.’

This is especially true because Ryu Cheong-woo appears to have calmed down a bit.

I pressed my eyebrows and recalled.

‘Today’s recording was fine again.’

Even if we were to cut out next week’s music broadcast it was impossible to cut everything starting this week due to many practical issues.

You need a proper reason to cancel an already scheduled schedule a day or two in advance but we don’t have a medical certificate or anything. An official announcement is impossible.

So I decided to cry and eat mustard and proceeded in the early morning excluding the audience with the excuse of ‘safety issues’.

-I’m going to start filming!

And Ryu Cheong-woo succeeded in performing his part calmly during the stage.

But every time I took a break I could clearly feel that this guy was sinking.

Cold sweat. silence.

…It was breathtaking.

‘But it wouldn’t have been noticeable through the camera.’

That was fortunate.

Perhaps fans are now trying to bury this matter appropriately.

First of all the fact that stage filming took place seems like a sign that there are no physical problems.

-It seems like there’s friction with the broadcasting station because it’s T1… ㅋㅋㅠㅠ ㅅㅂ

-Our kids are doing well on stage so please stop rumors and bullshit.

-They say it’s a safety issue but I don’t think it’s necessary to mention it because it involves sensitive personal information of people in the audience and things like that so please be mindful.

Of course since the eyewitness story had already spread it was impossible to stop the rumor that Ryu Cheong-woo seemed to have panic disorder…

‘…I just need to get it resolved quickly within this week.’

Then you can turn the topic into pre-recorded content and move on assuming that it is due to the circumstances of the broadcasting station or company.

Of course if it can be resolved.

‘Fuck you.’

I suppressed my silence as I remembered the reasoning about Ryu Cheng-wu’s current condition that I had not yet been able to tell the other members.

That… can it be resolved in a short period of time?

Bae Se-jin also fell asleep at a similar time.

“If it were me and things weren’t going well I would probably feel pressured if I said out loud that I cared about myself…”

“Ah that’s a bit different now.”

There were even people who said they would work harder even if it was because they felt sorry for paying attention to them to people who said they would be impressed and people who said they would gain strength.

But no one is sure.

“…I don’t know what the right answer is because I don’t know the reason.”

The bottom line is that I don’t know how Liu Chengwu will react.

Everyone implicitly agreed.

“…”

In the end… Should we figure out the exact reason first?

‘I didn’t want to do it because I felt like I would cross the line if I did.’

There is nothing I can do now.

There was no time and I knew that Liu Chengwu was in an environment where he could not speak honestly.

‘Then we need to hire someone who can speak honestly.’

I eventually decided to go with Plan B.

I called the guy who was out on the veranda.

“Cheongwoo.”

“…!”

“Cha Yujin is calling you.”

* * *

Ryu Cheong-woo opened his door with Park Moon-dae watching.

“OK. “Brother come in.”

Inside the room my roommate clapped his hands. The football was back in its place.

But Cha Yu-jin was not alone.

Kim Rae-bin was sitting on the floor with a nervous expression.

thud.

As soon as Park Moon-dae closed Cha Yu-jin immediately opened her mouth.

“I don’t have time so speak quickly.”

As Ryu Cheong-woo gave him a look Cha Yu-jin rested her chin on one hand.

Those eyes were shiny.

“I’m Bad Cha Yu-jin from now on.”

“…?”

For a moment Ryu Cheong-woo suspected that Cha Yu-jin was joking.

“Eujin.”

“Nope. I’m telling you. “Listen first.”

Cha Yu-jin frowned.

And from the next words Ryu Cheong-woo knew what ‘Bad Cha Yu-jin’ meant.

“Ryu Cheong-woo do you remember the last time you worked with me?”

“…”

The tone changed.

A slightly cynical and cutting tone. Becoming proficient in Korean.

That tone of voice I’ve heard many times before.

-If Ryu Cheong-woo really had a problem while steering I think it would be most effective to talk to someone who knew what happened at the time.

Cha Yu-jin gladly accepted the offer and took on today’s role.

-OK. I do it.

He was speaking in exactly the same way as he did back then.

As if I had Cha Yu-jin in front of me at that time.

Cha Yu-jin threw the ball he was holding back.

“We didn’t renew our contract as a group and each person found something to do on their own. “I will go to America and Kim Rae-bin will go to the military.”

“…”

“What did you do at that time?”

silence.

However Cha Yu-jin did not bat an eye.

“There is no option not to answer. “Brother you always make us answer don’t think about not doing it.”

Kim Rae-bin’s complexion turned blue but there was no dissuasion as it seemed like an agreement had already been reached.

Liu Chengwu opened his mouth without even laughing.

“I made you answer?”

“Sure. So you too have to answer right away. “Because I always answered well.”

“you?”

“…!”

“You can’t make up stories that didn’t exist Cha Yu-jin.”

“Oh. [That’s really aggressive.]”

At that moment tension was created in the room.

“…”

While the sound of Kim Rae-bin breathing was heard Park Mun-dae quietly stood behind him as if he were not even there.

And Cha Yu-jin opens her mouth again without hesitation.

“Are you not going to answer my question?”

“…”

“great. Then answer the fan.”

Pan?

“Hyung Moon Dae!”

“…!”

When Cha Yu-jin called Park Moon-dae who was leaning behind her looked at her instead of being surprised.

Liu Chengyu met those calm eyes.

The area around my chest was pressed heavily.

“Moon Dae was disappointed that there was no news from Kim Rae-bin and me after Steer activities ended and Ryu Cheong-woo was also gone.”

“…”

“Why haven’t you been active? You wanted to continue KPOP. that…”

“I think it’s a physical problem.”

“…!”

“that’s right.”

I thought that maybe Liu Qingwu actually expected to have this conversation from the moment he entered the room.

From when Park Moon-dae pointed out his left arm.

And from the moment I see this member.

Liu Chengwu glanced at the left side of his upper body and muttered.

“They said it would be difficult to dance at the level of the existing choreography due to excessive fatigue in the shoulders.”

“…”

“I started having pain about half a year before my contract ended.”

Kim Rae-bin barely asked.

“Are you okay now?”

“huh. It’s okay now. “You saw it too.”

The results of your physical examination.

“…”

“That’s it.”

“yes…?”

Liu Chengwu continued to explain.

“My body is fine now but I keep reflexively hesitating to use my body probably because I have leftover habits from back then. “Maybe the body is subconsciously afraid of getting injured again.”

“that…”

“When I realized that it was the time when I stopped being active the symptoms continued to get worse as time passed.”

The explanation flowed like flowing water and there were no blocked or confusing parts. It all made sense.

So Park Moon-dae realized something.

‘…It wasn’t just evasion.’

Liu Chengwu was not trying to avoid this situation or pretend not to know the problem.

“I couldn’t tell the cause to get medical help. “Because it never happened.”

He had already made a complete diagnosis after much thought and agony.

It’s just… I felt like I couldn’t bear to declare it so openly.

“That’s it.”

The sentence ‘My activities are over.’

“…”

“so…”

Liu Chengwu muttered.

“What can I do?”

It seemed shameful to even say those words.

Probably because you already expected the answer.

‘…’

There is no solution.

The most important period of activity was flowing helplessly.

‘Fuck you.’

Park Moon-dae thought it was even worse because this guy knew it well.
