---
title: "Chapter 617"
category: "book"
index: 616
section: "Chapter 617"
slug: "617"
---

# Chapter 617

——————=

[Why is Testa suddenly recording music in private?]

Who is hurt?

——————=

-No one knows

-It must be a schedule problem.

-We received all requests for a workshop from fans but it seems unusual that they canceled it all of a sudden.

└Aren’t these things usually announced; what

└There is little notice that Gongbang Poka will be sent by courier to fans who won the audience but the reason is not even mentioned

└?? Is it real?

That moment.

└Wow it’s strong

The tone of the comments changed.

-They canceled it without saying anything.

-There seems to be a lot of talk among fans.

-Testar have you canceled any other schedules?

-Are the rumors of discord really the most likely? I heard that ㅌㅅㅌ tends to show off a lot whenever they fight and in the past ㅇㅅㅈ ㅂㅁㄷ had an uproar at a Japanese con.

└Where on earth does this rumor come from really…

└Testa soldiers are running wild with excitement.

-Testa is having a hard time. What kind of fuss is this because of VTIK?

└?? Why are you suddenly grabbing V-Tick’s hair?

Similar posts followed in a row.

Various guesses. Sick people.

[The rumor of discord ugh so obvious]

[Testa isn’t it just because the current situation is too burdensome?]

[If you look at the number of views of V-Tik you might not want to appear either haha]

[Wow it’s strong &lt;- A person who wants to be stronger than anyone else]

The page moves down mechanically.

At first glance the hand movements that looked over the timeline of the past dawn which had already been ignored by fans seemed dry.

Then stop for a moment.

“…”

Slowly search for a name.

-Ryu Cheng-wu.

Dozens of sentences are listed again.

As I was passing through the compliments and comments and questions…

[I think I would know what it feels like if the group leader I’m talking about showed symptoms of panic]

The hand stops again.

——————=

There was an eyewitness account saying that they panicked and suddenly stopped recording… I guess I’m just holding on because I can’t rest right now.

As a leader you will have a sense of responsibility but if you leave it out now it seems like you are raising a white flag and being pushed back so it seems like it is unreasonable.

So I’m worried that they’re just blocking the audience as a temporary measure and making a fuss.

+I added it because I asked so many times. I’m talking about Ryu Cheong-woo.

——————=

-??

-who

-No official announcement has been made so why are you doing this?

-Actually I guess this way too.

Dozens of comments are talking about each other.

-But it doesn’t suit me. It’s a shame that I graduated from a national university.

└No he’s been mentally weak since Azusa. It’s because he has a good image.

-Maybe it’s even more so since I quit once due to injury.

└Wow really stop making rude assumptions… All the comments here are crossing the line.

Are there more stories coming out because there is no conclusion?

There are more rumors than truth.

And the comment at the end.

-But I’m worried if this is real. It’s right to rest. No matter what your health is best.

└I understand how Testa fans feel but it would be better to not turn a blind eye and make more inquiries to the agency.

└ㄹㅇ This kind of thing is not something that can be easily recovered. We have to look at it in the long term. Even after the idol ends the member has to continue living his life.

“…”

-Please give Ryu Cheong-woo a break from his activities really.

Is that so?

* * *

“okay. “Then you should go to the hospital first.”

After a conversation with Liu Chengwu.

This is the answer that came out immediately from Keun Se-jin when the conversation was shared with the members without his consent.

Of course Bae Se-jin responded with a confused expression.

“You… don’t talk so easily.”

“yes? No bro. If you make this difficult it actually makes both parties uncomfortable. “What if I can’t easily tell you to go to the hospital?”

“You heard what Park Moon-dae said earlier. “The cause is unrealistic so even if Liu Chengwu goes to the hospital it will be difficult to get proper counseling…!”

“Then we should try to come up with a similar cause. “There is no other way so why do you just keep talking and waiting?”

“That’s not what you said! I can talk to Liu Chengwu a little more. “So that you can feel at ease when going to the hospital…”

“I’m telling you. Cheongwoo it’s impossible to feel at ease.”

“…!”

The one who suddenly intervened was Cha Yu-jin.

“We all want to work hard. But it can’t be good to rest like this.”

“…I guess so.”

Big Sejin pressed his eyebrows.

“Or there is a way to not rest at all…”

“for a moment.”

Bae Se-jin gritted his teeth and asked.

“You… are you really going to tell Ryu Cheong-wu that we should try both activity and treatment?”

“I’m not saying I’m going to say it… no.”

Keun Se-jin seemed to be holding back a sigh and continued speaking calmly. It seems like he’s doing his best to avoid complaining like ‘This guy is really tired.’

“If Cheongwoo wants it isn’t that right? “At least we can try to do it in parallel.”

“No. “He may be doing it because he’s anxious but we need to reassure him that it’s okay for him to focus on treatment.”

“…”

It was a parallel line.

‘Damn it.’

But isn’t this a topic that we can’t avoid talking about with the members?

At the beginning of the album promotion period the leader suddenly goes on an indefinite break.

‘It’s right to decide on the group’s stance.’

I thought that that way the person who was going to rest would be able to go with peace of mind.

Still I couldn’t really find an answer.

“No if it were me I would rather hear something like ‘It’s a pity that my brother is not here. There will be a lot of empty space until he recovers and comes back.’…”

In the end the question is which one will not crush Liu Chengwu’s spirit.

I need to quit my activities but I might not be able to because of the pressure. If I let them go willingly I might feel heartbroken that my role is not that big…

At first glance it all seemed correct so it was really difficult to decide further.

It seemed like everyone had the same premise.

“…Treatment will not be easy.”

“…”

It will take a long time to recover.

So you have to be careful with your opponents.

What’s worse the guys I’ve already talked to like Cha Yu-jin and Kim Rae-bin are just laying their heads down on the sofa with gloomy faces.

This is a sudden situation that we could not have imagined when planning our activities.

Right now we are concentrating on appeasing Liu Chengyu so that he can receive treatment as gently and effectively as possible but what happens when this is over?

‘I’m going to have a headache trying to come up with measures again… ’

Mountain after mountain.

‘…I prepared a lot.’

How much do you think you feel like shit?

It was bittersweet in many ways.

However it seemed that not all members agreed with this premise.

While the members were still talking someone next to me lightly tapped my shoulder.

“Um… it’s Mundae.”

“…”

When I turn my head at the sound of calling Sun Ah-hyeon asks carefully.

“Then Chungwoo… is Ips right?”

I nodded.

Yes he also admitted something similar with his own mouth.

Symptoms of tension and anxiety caused by psychological factors such as fear of injury.

“Ugh. I see…”

Sun Ah-hyun hastily nodded.

But he soon added in a low voice.

“Actually then I have a slightly different thought…”

“…?”

no way.

“You think treatment will be easy?”

Seon Ah-hyun hastily shakes her head. hmm. If not…

“It won’t take long right?”

This time surprisingly Sun Ah-hyun did not shake her head right away.

“Ahyeon?”

“What do you mean?”

“ah…!”

When he turned to the members he hesitated and then opened his mouth with a serious expression.

“I… I think the feeling of being at a loss is similar to a slump. “It feels like I don’t know for sure how to recover.”

“hmm.”

“It’s just that… it seems to be of a different kind.”

Sun Ah-hyun spoke calmly as if recalling a memory.

“I think that in order to get out of this problem of feeling anxious or suddenly unsure of yourself… a moment is important.”

“uh?”

“So… it’s not like you recover slowly little by little.”

Sun Ah-hyun clenched her fists.

“Like the dam breaking… suddenly oh it’s okay. “I think it’s a feeling of being able to do it.”

“…Like untying a knot?”

“Ugh!”

So it’s like this.

This is not something that heals sequentially like a wound but rather something you press on like a switch.

A shocking realization that feels like being punched in the back of the head a decisive moment given by the keyword.

Perception changes drastically.

“Actually I had a similar experience…”

“…!”

“For me too… when I was young it became more difficult to move or show my body the way I wanted… so it was difficult…”

At the same time Sun Ah-hyeon takes a quick look at this side.

“But when I heard one phrase I thought ‘This is it’ and suddenly I was able to do it…!”

“…”

no way.

-Just think ‘I’m going to accomplish this.’

&lt;Azusa&gt; era.

Seon Ah-hyun who had suddenly activated her characteristic ‘Guts’ and resolved the condition ‘lack of self-esteem’ at my words nodded firmly.

“I think that kind of opportunity is important…!”

“…”

Hey that’s…

‘It was a trait.’

The ‘I heard it and it’s true’ characteristic that I used at the time. This means that the persuasion was successful.

‘Your argument makes sense but it’s a bit hard to attribute it to me.’

But I can’t stand this atmosphere.

Sun Ah-hyun nodded with a stern expression.

“Of course it took a long time to figure it out and it was difficult… so it may be similar in that it takes a long time.”

“No I know what Ahyeon means. This isn’t about slow recovery that’s right! “You mean it’s a question of whether or not you can do it?”

“Ugh!”

“okay.”

Next to Keun Se-jin who nods Bae Se-jin speaks carefully.

“…Thank you for telling me. “I’m a little more organized too.”

“Oh no…!”

The atmosphere brightened slightly perhaps thanks to hearing the realistic testimony of one of the members who had successfully recovered.

Conversation also became a bit more relaxed.

Big Sejin shrugged his shoulders and said.

“Then shall we do this brother? “I just decide how to approach it based on Chungwoo’s reaction.”

It was a moderate policy. Bae Se-jin also nodded carefully this time.

“Okay then…”

It was the moment when the story progressed until…

Sweet.

“…!”

The door opened and a calm-faced Liu Chengwu walked out holding a smartphone.

“It’s time. “I have to go to my schedule guys.”

“ah…”

“yes!”

For a moment the conversation quieted down.

When Keun Se-jin made eye contact with me he nodded slightly and quietly whispered to the person of the same name standing next to him.

“Don’t show off just listen carefully. “I’ll look at the timing and quietly pray.”

“…”

Now Bae Se-jin did not refuse and nodded slowly.

After that we did not mention anything about Liu Qingwu’s mental problems and carried out our schedule as usual behaving appropriately.

Liu Chengwu also appeared to be fine at first glance.

“Mr. Cheongwoo… I think your shoulders have gotten wider?!”

“Haha I guess that’s not true… thank you.”

The members were a little relieved to see that the guy finished the interview on the WeTube channel without any problems.

In this atmosphere it seemed like it would be easy to bring up the story.

And so that evening.

Keun Se-jin deliberately hummed and sang along to the song in the moving car and then spoke softly.

“Brother if it’s okay with you let’s sit down and rest for a while…”

“Let’s think about what to do with the announcement of Liu Chengwu’s suspension of activities.”

“…”

Even the great sejin of the world shrugged their shoulders.

And Liu Chengwu…

“I’m not angry.”

It was peaceful.

“…?”

The guy who even showed a faint smile leaned back in his chair and spoke quietly.

“If necessary it’s right to quit and take a break.”

“I guess… right?”

“okay.”

There was no need to say anything else.

The guy continued his story unfazed as if he had suddenly regained his composure.

He gave a short answer slowly without giving anyone a clue to comfort him or continue the conversation.

“Let’s announce it as soon as we get back from the hospital and receive a report.”

“…”

“If I’m missing you’ll have a hard time making major changes. sorry.”

“Of course that’s okay.”

Liu Chengwu slightly shook his head.

“And I’m sorry that you couldn’t keep this activity plan because of me.”

“Oh no…!”

“Hey don’t say that bro~! We are working hard to maintain our position so that we can perform well when you come back!”

“okay. thank you.”

Liu Chengwu’s face seemed as calm as a lie. Of course I didn’t torture people’s mentality by saying “What if they lose to V-Tik because of me? I’m so sorry that I’m going crazy.”

It was just plain as usual.

The members also seemed a little relieved that their attitude seemed to have returned to normal.

However I confirmed that Kim Rae-bin was looking at Ryu Cheong-woo with a somewhat anxious face.

“…”

And a notice was posted that day.

——————=

[Information on Testa Ryu Cheong-woo’s health and activities]

hello. This is Orbit Star Entertainment.

Ryu Cheong-woo a member of the group Testa was advised by a professional medical institution to take a short break due to dizziness due to mental fatigue…

——————=

Amidst the response full of good words such as ‘I’m sorry it didn’t work out cheer up’ etc. Ryu Cheong-woo received the vague prescription of ‘stopping activities for a while.’

The tone of the announcement was not that serious and although fans might feel hurt or regretful they were not overly worried.

Just like that the weekend passes and the next week approaches.

-K-pop is so fun these days. Please keep fighting against other people.

-Ah finally Leti and Orbit’s group MT entertainment live broadcast hahaha

-As expected miscellany is the best in K-pop I’m happy~~~

Thanks to his existing schedule Ryu Cheong-woo occasionally appeared on broadcasts and naturally people slowly began to get used to his absence without being too conscious of it.

-ㅠㅠI want to see Cheongwoo more. I hope he recovers well!

-I really hope you don’t notice us and get a good rest.

So Liu Chengwu was excluded from the schedule.

Looking back this was our mistake.
