---
title: "Chapter 618"
category: "book"
index: 617
section: "Chapter 618"
slug: "618"
---

# Chapter 618

There was always a huge TV in the living room of Testa’s dorm.

At the first accommodation the company had installed an optional TV in an appropriate assortment but now the members were purchasing it themselves after careful consideration and were unanimously using it.

It was all thanks to my experience using it over the past few years.

-Let’s take a look at that.

-Okay~

Testa often sat around in the living room watched TV together gathered together to rest and hung out.

There was a familiar and special feeling somewhere.

And today too the TV was running in Testa’s sunny living room.

[—]

However Testa who left the schedule is not here.

Even if it appears on the screen.

[Testa\: Hello this is Testa!]

[From a magic boy to a phantom thief to a hotelier secret agent. A concept idol whose artistic experimental spirit has been recognized by various global media outlets.]

[The appearance of a singer who is truly a powerful KPOP singer!]

The agency’s group entertainment promoted by T Holic was released.

Funny faces sitting comfortably in the grass with bright faces and subtitles flash across the screen.

Despite the tension of the past few weeks due to the comeback the testers on screen looked happy and excited as expected from entertainment even when meeting VTIC.

Sun Ah-hyun looked cute as she took out the small caramels she had brought with an excited face and held them out in front of the camera.

[Testar Park Moon-dae\: Ahyeon said this is her first time doing MT like this.]

[T-Holic Taejun Ha\: Oh just Ahyeon?]

[Testar Park Moon-dae\: (coolly) Actually this is my first time too.]

[Testar Bae Se-jin\: !!]

Bae Se-jin who was surprised to be singled out poured out large-capacity facial cleansing tools from his black bag.

[T-Holic Martin\: Hahahaha!]

[MT Beginner Gathering Center ~Testa~]

Amid T-Holic’s persistent teasing Bae Se-jin eventually shouted.

[Testar Bae Se-jin\: This is Park Moon-dae’s first time!]

[Testa Park Moon-dae\: !!]

[Testar Bae Se-jin\: He asked the writer if he should pack a lunch box!]

On the screen Park Moon-dae was caught trying to run away and was interviewed about his first impressions on MT.

-Serial pointing hahahaha

– Hahahahahahahahaha

-Testa’s unexpected selling point\: They have no friends other than themselves.

-Ha Park Moon-dae is so cute

-No it’s college OT lol.

And the last thing that appeared during the introduction was VTIC.

They also created an atmosphere by playing tense BGM right before their appearance but…

[VTIC Chaeyul\: Wow what should I do with the sky? Judan look at the sky over there!]

[VTIC Sinnoh\: Of course you should go to MT on a day like this!]

[MT experience of these people\: 0]

When he first appeared he left a lasting impression on viewers by brightly looking forward to the MT.

-Hmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Regardless of whether there was a sexual fight outside or not for now live viewers just laughed comfortably.

When I look back and think about it I might think of something else but right now I’m just laughing and having fun watching it.

This was thanks to the fact that the production team edited and subtitled very carefully to avoid offending any fan.

They do their best and work hard but they don’t get upset or cross the line and the images of them acting calmly are shown on the screen.

-Once again there are many outstanding idols in our country…

-When I look at something I feel goodㅠㅠIt’s something.

-Everyone has been there for quite a while but they still feel passionate and fresh.

TV still doesn’t stop. The program flows.

The reactions on the laptop screen intersect with the subtitles on the TV.

[Suddenly discussing]

[T-Holic Martin\: Considering the environment online news is of course better than paper newspapers.]

[VTIC Judan\: Hmm this is a common prejudice. It is an illusion that data is eco-friendly.]

[T-Holic Martin\: ??]

The person in the video says ‘Online news videos emit a lot of carbon dioxide. In contrast they poured out explanations such as “Newspaper can be used as double-sided paper so it is economical.”

[T-holic Yoon\: Huh? So are you saying that watching our MT broadcasts on the Internet is bad for the environment?]

-Tallulah Gakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

[VTIC casting\: Yes. That’s right.]

[T-holic Yoon\: Ah.]

[T-holic Yoon\: (embarrassed) (pupil earthquake)]

-?!?!?

[VTIC Cheongnyeo\: Judan. It’s okay if you don’t win something like this.]

[VTIC casting\:…]

[VTIC Casting and Dan\: Yes.]

[(Hyung weren’t we VTIC who always won…?)]

-Judan ㅅㅂㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

-Was it this kind of character?

-No how did you hide it?

└Surprisingly I never hid it.

└My child was always like this it was just that the muggles misunderstood…

Laughing and chatting and pleasant stories are posted.

Even with my monitoring eyes the tension eased slightly.

Comfortable reactions.

“…”

However the moment one character appears on the screen that comfort becomes shallow.

[He came!]

[T-Holic Wonseok\: No the composition of the green team is crazy!]

[Spacer Lee Hak\: Wow senior!]

Liu Chengwu.

On screen he looks perfectly healthy. However viewers no longer cheered comfortably.

Because he is a member who ‘ceases activities due to health reasons’.

-Ah Cheongwooㅠㅠ

-Looking at it like this it looks a little sunken.

-handsome

-Oh hemeko I’m sick of it. I think I’ll be very disappointed too.

Every time there is a scene where he is active there is a similar atmosphere.

The same is true even if Ryu Cheong-woo in the screen wins the reflex mini-game and even if he brilliantly beat Park Moon-dae in hide-and-seek with an exquisite change of thinking.

For a moment exclamations and comments like ‘it’s a national team’ took over the comment section but soon interesting speculation mixed with concern returned.

-Ryu Cheong-woo Was it because you were worried about dizziness that you quickly gave up on random play dance?

└Ah…

└ㅜㅜ

└You really worked hard…

└I understand that it must have been really difficult to stay calm when your body didn’t feel like your own.

└Rest well Cheongwoo.

Turn down the page.

– Cheongwoo didn’t say it himself that he had a hard time at that time so why are there so many speculative rumors here? Come to your senses.

└Is it okay to worry?

└If it hurts enough to stop activities I know it hurts the fans but let’s not be too sensitive.

└Yes there was a notice but rather than getting angry because it’s speculation please support Ryu Cheong-woo.

The page turns.

-What is Cheongwoo doing now?

-Our leader eat a lot of delicious food don’t worry and stay wellㅠㅠ

-ㄹㅊㅇ Are you planning to return for the next album?

└Mental illness is not something that can be easily solved with hard work so don’t take it easy. You can always return when you can do better.

└That’s right.

The focus changes.

-Park Moon-dae singing Ryu Cheong-woo’s part vs. Lee Se-jin’s taste tester

-All the testers did well so I barely felt any member gaps which is good.

-That’s what Seochang Bese does. He gives preference to older people like swords.

-Guys I like Testa because it’s professional.

-Once again the members performed well on stage.

and.

-Are the 6 testers active starting this week?

-There is no problem but I wish they would reschedule the music broadcast that was cancelled.

-Testa Danve formation was fixed well.

-I miss Cheongwoo but I’m holding on well.

and.

-Today’s Testa 3-on-3 debate haha.

-For those who want to see the testa suit for the red carpet event

-What is the cause of Ryu Cheong-woo’s dizziness?

-Testa It’s an important time so it seems like a narrative is being created because everyone is gritting their teeth.

Deducing the name of Liu Chengwu’s physical condition. Anxiety Interest Guess Worry Pleasure.

Testa’s activity story praise anticipation admiration attitude of accepting everything as if it were natural smooth progress.

-Activities with 6 people are also okay.

-Oh Ryu Cheong-woo wasn’t in the dance video. What’s going on?

-Ryu Chengwu Why are you sick?

-How long will this activity last for Testa? I love it so much that I feel like I’m addicted to itㅜㅜ

-Are your symptoms similar to those when you retired from Cheongwoo National University?

and.

“…”

-It’s wrong to force a sick person to work. Ryu Cheong-woo Young & Rich you can just rest haha.

that is.

“Liu Chengwu!”

Suddenly it disappeared before my eyes.

Huh.

My vision was clear.

A rush of cool air passed by my face.

[Wahahahah!]

I heard the bright sound of the TV.

Before I knew it an advertisement was appearing where the program ended.

“…”

ah.

Liu Chengwu closed his eyes and opened them.

The dull glow of the liquid crystal display that made my eyes tingle suddenly disappeared and a three-dimensional feeling returned to the empty space in my vision.

The front door in the dark back was open.

and.

“What are you doing?”

Next to him a member with a stiff expression was holding his laptop.

Moon-Dae Park.

“Why are you looking at this?”

“…”

His relative older brother.

He was a member who suddenly appeared.

Park Moon-dae’s eyes were quick and sharp as he checked the internet pages and posts on the laptop in his hand.

Still I calmed down a bit after learning that there were no strange curses or rumors.

‘It’s mostly worry or concern.’

Ryu Cheong-wu already had a good image and even though he was in pain this was normal without looking into the depths.

Still Park Moon-dae had to say this.

“…Didn’t you hear me tell you not to search your name on the Internet when you get counseling?”

“…”

“Didn’t you hear?”

“…You said not to read malicious comments.”

A quiet voice answers.

“But I said it’s okay to see the fans’ support or concerns occasionally if I need to be reassured.”

“…”

Perhaps it meant that I could gain strength by seeing with my own eyes that there were so many people supporting me.

However in Park Moon-dae’s opinion this was not that kind of situation.

‘This guy looked almost out of his mind.’

It’s like sinking in a swamp.

How could it be that as soon as Park Moon-dae who was coming in the front door saw him he sensed it and ran over to take down his laptop.

Park Moon-dae held back a sigh. It was a good idea to stop by just in case.

“I stopped by to check on something because I had something to take care of. Let’s talk first.”

“…”

“I think now is not the time for you to worry about public opinion. There’s no need for that. “First of all rest in peace…”

“I don’t want to rest.”

“…!”

The answer came out of nowhere. It was a sharp and immediate reaction.

‘ah.’

Liu Chengwu sat motionlessly on the sofa clasped his hands together lowered his head and stayed still.

It seemed like the words came out instinctively and unconsciously thanks to being attacked while alone.

‘…’

Park Moon-dae’s expression sank.

‘It’s more of an opportunity.’

He closed the laptop placed it on the floor and sat quietly on the sofa.

And asked calmly.

“Then shall we be active?”

“You can’t do it.”

“There’s nothing you can’t do. All you have to do now is say that you will try to do some activities in parallel and then return…”

“brother.”

Liu Chengwu covered his eyes with one hand.

“How can I work professionally if I can’t perform on stage?”

“…”

“If I say I will do it can I do it? Nope. “You told me to rest too.”

Moon-Dae Park arrived at the answer conditionally.

It was something he was good at. Creating public opinion.

“That’s something you just need to ask for understanding.”

“…”

“Even if you hesitate on stage you can still make people understand…”

“I don’t like that!”

“…”

“…No I’m sorry.”

Liu Chengwu immediately lowered his raised voice and regained his utmost calm.

“I didn’t mean to get angry but I feel like I’m having a hard time controlling myself.”

“no. “It’s better.”

Park Mun-dae sat down on the sofa and lowered his gaze.

“I thought I didn’t know what you were thinking but now I feel like I’m hearing it.”

“…”

“That’s why as a professional I don’t like to see you performing poorly on stage… is that it?”

Is it a matter of pride as a singer?

However Liu Chengwu was silent for a long time.

‘…I guess there’s more.’

Park Mun-dae waited silently for an answer.

And the long-awaited answer suddenly came out late.

“They say don’t do that.”

“who?”

“Everyone tells you not to do that.”

Liu Chengwu clenched and unclenched his hands.

“He told me to rest.”

“…”

He easily recognized people who disliked him but he never gave much meaning to those people.

but…

-Cheongwoo I heard you have a bad shoulder but your singing career is… Ah. Are you going to rest now my son? huh! Mom and Dad of course everything is okay! I’m glad I’m glad…

– In my opinion if you keep doing archery your arms will only get more damaged. Wouldn’t it be better to look for a new career path now? I’ll find out too…

You can’t do this anymore so let’s stop.

I’m worried that you’ll continue to suffer mentally and physically for no reason because you can’t do anything anymore.

Because I always hear that story every time I get frustrated by unexpected circumstances.

To the people he gave affection to cared for and thought were on his side.

…No change this time either.

“Worrying… You can’t worry and make it happen.”

“…”

“So you should listen…”

Liu Chengwu said that in a voice that seemed to be suppressed.

As if repeating to myself.

“sorry.”

“…”

“Sorry.”

Liu Chengwu slowly shook his head.

There seemed to be no right answer in all those conversations but Park Moon-dae thought.

‘We can’t leave it like this.’

Something needs to be done.
