---
title: "Chapter 619"
category: "book"
index: 618
section: "Chapter 619"
slug: "619"
---

# Chapter 619

“Teacher Ryu Cheong-woo feels like ‘Oh just like back then my left arm can suddenly hurt even now.’”

“…yes.”

“It’s okay to feel hard. “You can do that.”

Time passed slowly and heavily.

Liu Chengwu listened to the counselor’s words without meaning.

This counselor was an expert who consulted with him even when he quit archery as a child and he clearly helped him a lot at that time.

So this time he came right after I stopped working. but.

“How do you feel while having this conversation?”

“…”

I couldn’t feel any relief or comfort as if a burden had been lifted.

“well.”

Because there are many things I cannot say to Liu Chengwu.

Just as you cannot get the right medicine prescribed if you do not properly describe your symptoms the same goes for counseling.

But I can’t tell you the exact cause.

Because Liu Chengwu didn’t just suddenly become afraid of the aftereffects of a past injury.

This was because the ongoing injury experience remained as a memory.

Steer.

And the cause of the injury was…

-They said that it would be difficult to dance at the level of the existing choreography due to excessive fatigue in the shoulders.

I definitely said that to the members.

It’s not a lie.

At the time he was a steer he was clearly subject to much more extreme physical exertion than he is now as a tester.

It may seem strange at first glance. How can an idol who is on the decline due to withdrawal and controversy be treated more harshly than a testa who won the grand prize?

That’s because you don’t have the luxury of choosing a job that won’t be too difficult.

In a career full of crises Ryu Cheong-woo’s other aspects did not receive new attention and in the end he just tired of using the selling point he had been emphasizing since &lt;Azusa&gt;.

Former national representative.

– Indeed Ryu Cheong-Woo is amazing Ryu Cheong-Woo! The record is… 12 minutes and 22 seconds! &lt;Challenge Race&gt; The winner of this episode’s obstacle race is~ Team A!

So I was constantly receiving requests for roles in programs where I could show off my physical abilities and the company was relieved that they were calling me so I made whatever schedule I could.

And Liu Chengwu faithfully carried out his schedule and the result was…

-The patient’s shoulder is completely out now. Here.

“…”

So Ryu Cheong-woo told the members the truth.

…There were some parts that I didn’t necessarily reveal.

“Then teacher Cheongwoo let’s imagine. “The left arm injury you’re afraid of right now.”

Usually a person who knows how to take care of his body well does not collapse to the point where he cannot use his body simply because of shoulder fatigue.

If it collapses it is because there is a more decisive factor.

“Is that… an aftereffect of a car accident I experienced on a family trip when I was young?”

“…”

“This time too.”

-My aftereffects… I was told that the only symptom was mild tremors and that it definitely didn’t affect my daily life.

-That means it becomes part of your daily life but it doesn’t mean you can do things that you can push yourself to do.

-… then.

-You wrote it too much. When I watched the patient on TV I saw him running around holding a piece of metal.

-…

-I’m so scared of traffic accidents. This is especially true during the young period when bones are growing. There will be aftereffects.

“yes.”

Why?

By any chance did he go on that family trip?

What is that?

Why does it pop up every time unrelated to the achievements of one’s chosen efforts and makes one give up without being able to do anything?

Any human being could not help but have such anger sparking in their head like a spark.

But I can’t tell the members.

“Has there been anything impressive or scary recently that made you think of that car accident?”

“…”

Actually I can’t even tell my counselor.

That there is someone right next to you who shares the trauma of the car accident that occurred on that family trip.

A relative who was absent at the time.

-I’m jealous.

-I envy my parents because they are fine and doing whatever they want.

That the trauma is the exact opposite of yourself.

-The fact that I brought up the story of the aftereffects of a traffic accident… must have sounded like I was full.

It’s a strange feeling that I can’t tell that person that this situation happened again because of the aftereffects of that injury.

I can’t tell if it’s consideration discomfort or apology.

I want to blurt out a sharp retort like “Should I have just gone and thanked him for shattering my shoulder?” and then he says that when he wakes up he feels a long sense of helplessness and self-destruction.

“Then I’ll see you again in three days.”

In the end the consultation ended with Liu Chengwu being prescribed tranquilizers antidepressants and several supplements.

“thank you.”

The counselor did not forcefully probe him further. The intention is to proceed step by step.

Still it won’t be of any use.

“…”

On the way home.

A long breath came out silently from the corners of Liu Chengwu’s mouth. The outdoor air was warm as it approached early summer but it was also stinging.

But I liked the stinging side.

‘…I don’t want to be quiet.’

Liu Qingyu suddenly thought that he did not want to go into the dorm.

Sitting still in a place with no one around is now more painful than a moth sting.

‘But I don’t like it either.’

I felt like my throat was closing up as I imagined being worried and being advised not to worry about anything and to get some rest.

However Liu Qingyu did not show it and just continued walking with a slightly tired expression.

And then arrived at the accommodation.

‘It will be empty.’

There was no time for the manager either.

I opened the door silently…

“Are you here?”

“You’re here~”

Words poured out.

The noise of daily life spreads from beyond the open door.

“…”

Liu Chengwu paused for a moment.

The members who turned their heads toward the entrance or raised their arms in greeting were comfortably dispersed concentrating on their own work again.

Raebin Kim who was crouching between them with his nose buried in his laptop belatedly raised his head and shouted brightly.

“Have you had breakfast? “I mixed dried persimmons with milk and drank it!”

“It’s Moon Dae-hyung’s recipe. “I will eat it too.”

“It’s easy. “Eat your own food.”

“Woo… OK.”

A dejected Cha Yu-jin agreed.

Park Moon-dae nodded as if he noticed Ryu Cheong-woo then sat down on a kitchen chair and started scrolling through his smartphone.

Relaxed.

Liu Chengwu asked without realizing it.

“What’s the schedule?”

“The main photographer has the flu so it’s postponed.”

Park Moon-dae said without taking his eyes off his smartphone.

“So I changed the filming to the day after tomorrow but you can go if you have time. “Because it is a self-published pictorial the time period will not be specified.”

“…”

“Not if you don’t want to.”

“no”

“yes. “I understand we’ll go together.”

It was quick and concise.

Liu Qingwu a little embarrassed tried to enter his room with the medicine bag he had been carrying without realizing it but was met with a grinning face.

It was Sun Ah-hyun.

“That prescription… did you receive it?”

“okay.”

“Oh I hope you heard it well…! “And… I heard that it was important to take it consistently so I tried to stick to it.”

“…I see.”

“yes!”

After carefully explaining how to tell the counselor if it doesn’t work out Seon Ah-hyun passed by shouting good luck.

“…”

Somehow… Liu Chengwu hesitated and stopped for a moment in response to those reactions as if the strength in his shoulders had eased.

It was then.

“Ah Liu Chengwu.”

This time Bae Se-jin who was watching TV wearing blue light blocking glasses tapped his back.

“You… must be in a bad mood so let’s go out for something to change your mood instead of counseling.”

“…”

Liu Qingyu slightly narrowed his eyebrows as if he was embarrassed.

“I never said I was in a bad mood.”

“What are you talking about? “There’s no way it would feel good to take a break from activities.”

“…”

“Let’s go unpack!”

“Oh~ Sejin hyung… He went to the gym like Cheongwoo hyung but his physical strength is not the same as before.”

“Memememe! “I’m going!”

“Do you get new inspiration for your album through your mood swings? Really good choice…”

In an instant boos and shouting voices rang out from all over the dorm with concerns about joining in.

“But I don’t like hiking.”

“oh. “I kind of like that too.”

“Brother Cheongwoo! Go somewhere other than hiking! “Rather shoot!”

“The Americans are talking about shooting.”

“I bet that means shooting!”

The noise that had nothing to do with his own problems was not bad so Liu Chengyu nodded without realizing it.

“YESSSS. So are we going to shoot guns? I’ll change my clothes and come back. “Just wait 10 minutes.”

“…”

But… what on earth is this?

* * *

“What happened with Liu Chengwu!”

“…”

“Park Moon-dae you joined thirty minutes later than scheduled? “Something must have happened!”

A ghost-like guy.

After talking with Ryu Cheong-woo I belatedly joined the waiting room and was almost grabbed by Bae Se-jin.

Of course even if I wasn’t caught I still had something to say.

I thought a lot on the way there. What should I do?

‘First of all… except for everything he suffers while monitoring.’

Not only is it a bit uncomfortable to talk about Liu Chengwu’s detailed situation like that but talking about it will only make both parties more uncomfortable.

We have to go into another core.

ourselves.

“We made a mistake.”

“…?”

About the stance we have taken so far.

“What is it?”

“we…”

I pressed my eyes.

“I think you showed too much that you were considerate of Cheongwoo.”

“…”

There was silence for a moment.

“Huh?”

“Isn’t that the opposite of the bar…?”

“no.”

Think about it carefully.

“It seemed very unnatural and burdensome.”

“…!”

“Take a look. “He didn’t just say it but it was almost like he was shouting that he was being considerate of us.”

The members opened their mouths.

Yes I almost bit my tongue while thinking about it as I came. When I turned around I saw it.

“Wait… Is that why I called you to come quickly because Ryu Chengwu woke up?”

“I also brought Cheongwoo’s favorite gamjatang so I guess it was probably at the level of certification?”

“I was right. “It would have been better to tell Cheongwoo directly that I bought you something you like!”

“…Any excuse for canceling this week’s music show?”

“That was really noticeable.”

Right now Liu Chengwu seemed to be confused about what he wanted to do.

But everyone around you is acting like ‘I’m trying my best to be careful and considerate of you’?

He fell into the cycle of infinite burden feeling like he had to consider us more than his own doctor.

‘It may be a moving experience for some but for others it may be a choking burden to the point of shouting ‘Ah stop fucking doing it!’…’

The excuse that was meant to be considerate and not condescending turned out to be more of a burden on the other person.

And the members who finally realized that fact asked themselves.

“Why… did you act like this?”

“going to be…”

Big Sejin summarized it briefly.

“It’s because whenever Chungwoo has a problem he treats us like adults.”

“…”

“Originally people want to do the same thing. Honestly I’m sure there isn’t a member who hasn’t thought of being thankful to him at least once.”

That’s right.

There was no one on this team who had not experienced Ryu Cheong-woo who hinted at helping them whenever they had a problem or problem.

It is simple and not loud.

Is there anyone who hasn’t thought about how nice it is when someone calmly and calmly throws a word or makes a move?

Whether it’s comfort or help.

‘…me too.’

-Do you need help right now?

That guy is a guy with good sense in a different way from Keun Sejin. I suppressed my sleep.

“That’s why I wanted to do better.”

Then when Ryu Cheong-wu’s mental state exploded everyone became embarrassed.

And we tried to act similarly to the help we received.

By paying more attention.

As a result they were buried together without noticing each other.

“I knew.”

“Be quiet Cha Yu-jin.”

Bae Se-jin squeezed his eyes shut and fell asleep.

“…It might have been harder because we felt like they were making us uncomfortable.”

“…”

“It’s right to be more honest and comfortable.”

“is it so.”

“You guys can’t act calm. “So that’s the problem.”

“To be honest you’re not good at it either.”

“What?”

The members who were bickering soon calmed down.

Thanks to you I also spoke calmly.

“I think it would be better to be honest and support from now on… Honestly whether or not Chungwoo can stand on stage is up to him.”

“…”

“I don’t think there’s any need to add that it’s okay to take a break.”

“I see.”

The members nodded.

Bae Se-jin sighed.

“Then… let’s stop talking among ourselves like this behind people’s backs. “It seems like they are conspiring.”

“My brother started it.”

“That’s why I’m saying let’s quit!”

After going through that process what Testa chose was this.

Let’s pay some attention to making Liu Chengyu happy and comfortable but don’t be too obsessed.

‘As long as we don’t whine because we’re having a hard time it’s okay to say that we chose it because we like it.’

However let’s not approach it in a complicated way.

Saying out loud that something that isn’t good isn’t good.

That’s how we came out to shoot dragging Ryu Cheong-wu with us.

‘It’s a new hobby I picked up after debuting.’

Since he is a guy who likes to use his body shooting was not a bad choice if he used a model with low recoil.

However Liu Chengwu hesitated slightly as he got out of the car and walked to the shooting range at the end.

“I don’t think it would be good if the story leaked.”

‘Did you come out to play after resting because you were probably sick?’ It means that you are worried that the same sound will come out.

Big Sejin waved his hand cheerfully.

“Oh that’s okay! “I didn’t tell the company either and this place is famous for being something we can do in private just between us…”

[Closed today]

-I am taking a break due to personal reasons.

I was bored.

“Today is a business day!”

“No it’s definitely true…… Aha you’re only announcing it on Inheart. Closed.”

“…”

It was indeed the era of SNS.

When I turned my head I saw Bae Se-jin secretly trying to notice Ryu Cheong-woo.

‘No. ‘Fuck you.’

Instead just let it go and tell him to come back next time.

It was a moment when I was in a hurry to intervene.

“I’m sorry but there is a similar facility next to here…”

“Let’s go there!”

“good night!”

“Oh yeah. All right!”

Raebin Kim attempted a quick search and found a new destination.

‘The guy who pays the price is going to raise the price again?’

And with everyone’s active consent he dragged us along for about ten minutes…

We realize why he refers to this as a ‘similar sport’.

“…”

“This is the place!”

Rabbit from Wonderland.

What Raebin Kim brought us to was the archery range.

“…no.”

The shot hit.

However he only uses a bow not a gun.

The one that Ryu Cheong-woo quit due to the aftereffects of his injury.

‘This… ’

Is it really X network?

How dare you pick the #1 pick that comes to mind because of an injury?

I felt a chill running down my spine and when I turned my head I saw Kim Rae-bin’s slightly nervous face.

However the guy didn’t seem to panic or finally realize and hit his head.

Rather he has a firm expression as if he is a bit determined.

“…”

hmm.

“Shall we go in?”

“Oh yeah.”

I followed Ryu Cheng-wu who walked calmly without saying a word.

* * *

The archery cafe located in a secluded area was very quiet on a weekday lunch.

‘Are you running it as a hobby?’

Not only were the owners not that interested in celebrities but Testa wearing a sporty hat and mask looked like a college club gathering.

In that way Testa was able to go out into the fenced outdoor field without any problems.

A target in the distance and a shooting line right in front of you.

“Because this is outdoors up to 40 meters is possible.”

“Oh even in our idol sports competition 20 meters was the end.”

Liu Chengwu quietly stood at the shooting line. Old red and blue lines that are not for players are attached as stickers on the straw.

The members holding their respective bows awkwardly touch each other.

Still it’s not the first time and it’s the handiwork of someone who knows a little because he caught it on TV.

We also ask each other questions.

“Ah so when it comes to archery being able to pull with one hand is the best?”

“Not necessarily.”

Liu Qingyu answered by touching the arrow’s nock as was his habit.

“The protest is pulled with the right hand but the left is supported.”

The hand that pushes the bow. The hand that acts as a support also has a very important and definite role.

“It’s about fixing your goal.”

Unwavering composure.

“Strength and fixation. “Being able to use both is the beginning of archery.”

The sport of balance.

If the pulling force is excessive there is a high probability that an error will occur in the direction of the arrow.

The role of the hand holding the bow was to press and control it.

In the end archery is a tug of war between the right and left hands.

“So are eyes also an important factor? “I think it’s important to get your position right in order to aim accurately.”

“Well… surprisingly that’s not necessarily the case.”

Liu Qingwu held the bow firmly and turned it to check its level.

“It’s more like a closed eye than an eye.”

If you shoot ‘like this’ you will get hit.

If you shoot ‘around here’ you will get hit.

Both position and timing were adjusted according to each player’s senses.

Some say that is what determines whether a person is a professional or not.

Do you have that feeling?

“Actually among my seniors there was one person whose eyesight was so bad that he couldn’t even see the target.”

“It’s amazing really.”

Bow tip fixing bar.

As Liu Chengwu continued to check he reflexively supported his opponent who almost dropped his bow.

“oh.”

“are you okay?”

“Your hexagram is okay…!”

Seon Ah-hyun was trying to pull the bow but almost missed it because her strength wasn’t right.

Sun Ah-hyun had good athletic ability and immediately grabbed the bow but she seemed to hesitate a bit.

So Liu Chengwu reflexively moved as if demonstrating.

“You just need to place your feet a little wider.”

Move your feet.

If you place both feet in the original position the posture will come naturally.

Head towards the red circle in front of you.

“And… like this.”

Liu Chengwu pulled his arm while looking at the target.

It’s been a very long time.
