---
title: "Chapter 620"
category: "book"
index: 619
section: "Chapter 620"
slug: "620"
---

# Chapter 620

Archery is basically an outdoor sport.

The Olympic standard distance to the target is 70m.

Even if the competition was divided into more detailed events it started with at least a few tens of meters. It’s too vast to do it all indoors.

That sense of space.

In order to cover the enormous distance in the cold midwinter people would perform extraordinary tricks such as shooting an arrow from indoors to outside the window.

So Liu Chengwu was also used to the wind blowing outside.

“…”

The moment you hold the bow and inhale your five senses perceive everything in three dimensions.

Open space.

The people I practice with are familiar.

All those familiar sensations bring back memories of the past that were no longer used and were pushed aside.

It comes back to life like it was yesterday.

“…”

Liu Chengwu cast a carbon arrow.

It doesn’t matter if it’s an old entry-level recurve bow. Because he wasn’t the type to be obsessed with jinxes or equipment details.

I even did adaptation training by randomly switching finger tabs of various products and conditions on my hands just in case.

Days filled with confidence in myself.

It flashes in my head.

“…”

I put my left hand on the handle grip.

Squeeze it tightly and pull the string with the other hand.

Boouk.

The shared archery equipment screams at me with grip strength I have never experienced before but I soon get used to it.

‘The arrows are different.’

It is not your arrow that is always tuned.

but…

doesn’t change

He was willing to aim for the target.

body to the side.

Look forward.

Pull your right hand and keep your left hand fixed. The balance of strength and stability was pushed to the limit…

Release.

Swish.

A thin wind passes by my cheek.

Ting.

A pleasant feeling of recoil and an arrow shooting through the air.

“…”

I know it even without seeing it. Like an announcement one day.

-It’s a hit!

A shiver passed by briefly like goosebumps.

Liu Chengwu immediately took the next step. Pull the string and pluck it.

phut.

And the next arrow.

“brother?”

The speed gradually increased. The smooth cold feeling of the grip in my hand and the arrow between my fingers still lingered.

Even the slightly throbbing feeling is the same.

But the target is so close.

‘This much.’

It’s so easy.

Comfortable and simple…

I don’t think so.

‘Just a little more.’

Liu Chengyu took a step back.

“…!”

“fizzle.”

Even if surrounding sounds enter your ears they are not interpreted and naturally disappear behind you.

What comes first is the senses.

Again aim your protest at the smaller yellow circle.

It’s still big though.

ping.

In this way the arrow taken from the quiver below the waist fiercely cuts through the air with strong momentum.

One more time.

And again.

ping.

Let go.

Liu Chengyu moved his hands as if he was almost in a trance. The bow was pulled from his grasp as if in rhythm or flow.

And he continued to reach below his waist to grab a new arrow.

Then at some point my hand splits the empty space.

“…”

He lowered his gaze.

The arrow sheath was empty.

Liu Chengwu raised his head and focused his gaze towards the front in the distance.

The yellow dot is no longer visible.

“…”

45M ahead.

The yellow target was filled with white arrows.

* * *

“Brother you’re really crazy.”

“I’m not human.”

“haha.”

Liu Qingwu smiled as if he was a little embarrassed but responded by touching the arrow as if he was used to it.

“It’s because the distance is close.”

“Is it 40M?!”

He looked comfortable.

It’s a face that makes it hard to believe that this is the guy who did such a crazy thing. I turned my head and glanced at the target he had shot at.

“…”

About twenty arrows were stuck like thorns in the yellow section.

That too the circle in the center gets more and more crowded as you go to the 10-point section.

‘Are you crazy?’

I was at a loss for words as it felt like I was looking at some kind of modern art.

Even though the power was so good none of the arrows bounced off. I suppressed my sleep when I saw the arrow that had pierced the previous arrow.

‘If the owner sees him he will definitely suspect that he is a player.’

Still it didn’t seem like he recognized Testa. I guess I’ll have to jump out as soon as the rental period ends. Before you accidentally run into someone and ask who they are.

Even as I came to that realistic conclusion I looked at Ryu Cheong-wu again.

Almost 10 years have already passed since that guy quit being an archer. In the meantime except for a few entertainment shows I probably won’t have time to properly practice archery.

‘And yet it’s like this.’

If you learn how to skate at a young age don’t you act like you can skate well even 20 years later?

Above all…

“Brother this is more fun than I thought. Shall we shoot a little more?”

“Oh really?”

He also seemed to feel uplifted by this situation.

It’s not obvious but I can see his face being somewhat light and stable.

The gloom and confusion that had appeared over the past few days disappeared in an instant.

‘…This would have been better than shooting.’

I acknowledged this while watching Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyun diligently receiving advice from Ryu Cheong-woo.

But instead of joining them he sneakily approached Raebin Kim.

“Ravin.”

“yes!”

And then I put my arm around his shoulder.

For your information this is something I don’t do very often.

“…?”

I quietly whispered to the slightly puzzled guy.

“I knew in advance that the shooting range was closed.”

“…”

I heard a hiccup.

It’s obvious.

“Are you keeping your mouth shut so that you can come naturally to this archery range?”

“mind…”

“mind?”

“you’re right…!”

I chuckled as I watched the guy confess as if he were confessing. And then I lightly tapped him on the back.

“…?”

“I’m not saying anything.”

What can I say when the results are so good?

It was clearly visible on this guy’s face that he didn’t just choose it he put a lot of thought into it.

“It seems like you put a lot of thought into choosing it. “What was your intention?”

“ah…!”

Kim Rae-bin looked a little relieved but soon went beyond emotion and became serious.

And after thinking carefully I answered.

“…I made this choice by reflecting on my experiences.”

It’s an experience.

“Actually I’ve had the feeling that Chungwoo has changed a bit. There have been a few instances where he made negative and meaningful remarks…”

“…?”

I almost responded ‘You noticed that?’

And then I heard and understood the following words.

“I guess I felt a similar sense of discomfort when Cheongwoo spoke because I went through a few slumps.”

“…”

‘Is that why you said you reflected on your experiences?’

Do you know when people are most perceptive? This is when someone else is in a similar situation to you.

Even though Kim Rae-bin was a bit insensitive to the subtleties of human psychology that was still the case.

Because he’s already experienced similar pain recently.

It’s a situation where you can’t do what you were good at the way you wanted to.

Even producing and stage performance. In both.

And I overcame them both.

“Of course I did not assume that everyone would recover in the same way as me and I fully took into account that I may have been hasty in my judgment but…!”

Oh I don’t doubt it.

“So after careful consideration this is your conclusion?”

“yes.”

Kim Rae-bin’s eyes lit up a little.

“Every time I was in a slump or trauma what I ultimately needed was… experience.”

Raebin Kim clenched and unclenched his hands.

“It means feeling with your own skin that ‘I can do it.’”

“…”

“When I directly experienced a counterexample that was completely different from my worries and concerns and sense of defeat I was able to get out of the slump.”

It was like that.

-I was worried but when I actually experienced it I did well!

Kim Rae-bin carefully confessed that he wanted to give those easy words to Ryu Cheong-woo as well.

“So… I thought that if it’s difficult for Chungwoo to experience the stage in person right now maybe he could try something similar…”

That was archery.

Did you want to encourage Ryu Cheong-woo to try something he had already given up on due to his left arm injury?

‘…Now that I think about it the parts overlapped.’

Anyway Raebin Kim came across a notice on InHeart that the shooting range was closed today. The decision was made after deep consideration.

“Let’s cautiously suggest going to the archery range.”

Kim Rae-bin who said that he had thoroughly agonized over the idea of lying down and eating rice cake from Ryu Cheong-woo’s point of view because the distance was naturally shorter than that for athletes finally seemed a little relieved.

“Of course if Chungwoo reacted negatively I planned to immediately apologize and come back saying it was my mistake but…!”

“There was no need for that.”

“…yes.”

Because Liu Chengwu entered the archery range right away.

To be honest I was also worried about how Liu Chengwu would react.

“It means you have the most insightful judgment among us. “Good job.”

“…”

Raebin Kim took a deep breath as if he was slightly crying.

It seems like he was worried a lot before deciding to do this. It’s also true that I didn’t get detailed permission from the other guys.

‘When the time came there probably wasn’t time for it.’

Anyway whatever.

“I’m glad to see that Chungwoo is having fun.”

Are you coming?

“I think it’s really important to feel like you can do it.”

I quietly nodded to Raebin Kim’s words.

Well whether it helps with the stiffening left arm on stage or not it will help him feel more at ease during this period.

If you are willing to do what you like and are good at it will be good for your mental health.

“Brother can you shoot a bow even if you turn back?”

In the end Ryu Cheong-woo who used the archery range to his heart’s content that day decided to come here periodically and try archery at the recommendation of the members.

“I felt comfortable because there were no people and it was quiet.”

“huh.”

Teamwork is good.

I nodded feeling good that the situation was being resolved.

Of course it wasn’t long before I got stabbed in the back.

* * *

===================

[The archery skills of Ryu Cheong-wu]

Is this a human? LOL (Capture)

===================

“I got caught.”

Oh shit.

I saw an article posted on social media.

It was clear that the owners of the archery range did not recognize us. That was certain because it was certified by the great power generation including myself Cha Yu-jin and Bae Se-jin.

The problem here… was of course Liu Chengwu’s hedgehog target.

It seems like the owner saw this and told the family that there were such guests as a joke…

-Is this real? Where did you get it?

└I have an archery range at my house and when I looked at the CCTV it was a tester.

It wasn’t long before the baby who I didn’t know was my nephew or my son or daughter went to the CCTV and placed a stuffed animal in Inheart.

‘It’s a typical example… ’

Of course it was criticized as an invasion of privacy but data that had already been posted on the Internet never disappeared.

-Ryu Cheong-woo took a break from his activities to do archery hmm…

-Is it okay to say this because it hurts?

There are a few obvious reactions but…

Big Se-jin who showed the screen shrugged his shoulders.

“Hmm I don’t think there will be any problem.”

“okay.”

I also agree.

To be honest this is a side effect I had already expected when I recommended Liu Chengwu to go to the archery range regularly.

‘Are you an idol for a day or two?’

And it was visible how some negative remarks which are difficult to even call this controversy would play out.

‘At best it’ll just end up being a bit of absurd bullshit.’

-ㅉㅉAfter taking a break from my activities I started shooting archery. Has my original intention cooled down? I guess I just want to pursue a hobby now.

-He said he was in pain but he was fine as a dog.

I thought it might be about this much but when I looked at it it seemed like it was just slightly emerging from the bottom of the water.

‘The fucking kid is really sick. What should I do?’

This can be seen as the power of everyday behavior.

-Ryu Cheong-woo is taking a break due to anxiety symptoms. He’s not even hurt but are these bastards foaming at him by shooting arrows?;;;

-No fuck then people with panic disorder fear of heights and depression should stay locked in their rooms and do nothing? Haha.

-It is a rare sight to criticize a healthy and productive hobby at a drinking and smoking club even though it is not social.

-Extreme Job K-Doll

People who were complaining as if they had caught the number of cases end up getting criticized in the opposite direction.

Honestly this is okay. It’s a common occurrence in everyday life.

or not…

“It might even be possible to change public opinion.”

“oh?”

Something like this.

-That’s a rehabilitation deal. I quit due to the aftereffects of the injury. How difficult would it have been to do it again?

The conclusion is that it is part of psychotherapy.

‘You’re not wrong.’

I was able to resolve the issue by making up enough words on my own. There was no need for it to reach Liu Chengwu’s ears.

Big Sejin also nodded coolly.

“okay. So shall we go that way?”

“that…”

I was going to say yes of course.

“…”

“…Mundaemun University?”

For a moment my mouth fell silent.

Suddenly a thought crossed my mind that this wasn’t the case.

‘what?’

Why are you like this?

It is a conclusion that cannot be this easy. Isn’t this a great answer that allows Ryu Cheong-woo to focus on treating his IPS without worrying about unnecessary things?

Still I felt uneasy somewhere.

“for a moment.”

I eventually gave up and thought about the cause of my discomfort.

Words I heard before linger in my head.

The members who were contemplating Ryu Cheong-woo’s symptoms expressed their opinions on treatment options.

-I think that in order to get out of this kind of anxiety or suddenly unsure of yourself… a chance is important.

meter.

and…

-Like the dam collapsing… suddenly oh it’s okay. That feeling of being able to do it.

The feeling that you can do it.

“…”

-Feeling with your own skin that ‘I can do it.’

“Mundaemundae then I will take care of it first…”

“no.”

“uh?”

“I don’t think so. wait for a sec.”

I got up from the living room and walked down the hallway.

“Mundae?”

I guess I was misunderstanding something all this time.

-He told me to rest.

-Worrying… You can’t worry and make it happen.

-So you should listen…

I thought Liu Chengwu was concerned about the worries of those around him and was swayed by them causing him more suffering.

But still.

‘That guy… was he always that kind of guy who was blindly swayed by other people’s opinions?’

Well I understand that people around you are important and you want to pay attention to them.

But usually he listened carefully to what was going on around him but did not let his stubbornness or pride go down.

So where did that intense rejection come from?

I didn’t like the content.

“brother.”

“…!”

I opened Liu Chengwu’s door with a single knock.

Even though it was late at night the guy who wasn’t sleeping according to the other guys’ sleeping patterns opened his eyes wide.

“Hyung Moon Dae?”

Next to me Cha Yu-jin also raised her head but I paid no attention and showed Ryu Cheong-woo the Internet articles that had just been posted.

“This is…”

“Some words like this come out.”

I sat down on the bed carelessly.

“It won’t be a problem but I thought I’d make some preparations just in case.”

“what…”

“Hyung how about we go on stage schedules together instead of live broadcasts?”

“…”

Liu Chengyu’s expression disappeared.

“What if I stop on stage?”

“It doesn’t matter because it’s not live. “It was announced anyway so there’s no need to worry about rumors.”

“…”

Now I understand.

“And so far it seems to me”

This guy… didn’t want to hear people say ‘You can’t do it.’

“There is no problem with you. “I’m sure the stage will turn out well.”

Instead I had to say this.

“Because my brother is a good person by nature.”
