---
title: "Chapter 621"
category: "book"
index: 620
section: "Chapter 621"
slug: "621"
---

# Chapter 621

It’s been a while since Liu Chengwu looked at the Internet.

It had been a few days since Park Moon-dae caught him just monitoring while he was resting alone.

The reasons were not very good. This is because his private life when he went to the archery range during his break was leaked and posted on the Internet.

but.

-Is it really a target? Not a hedgehog?

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

-This is K-Archery the national gold medal.

-No Ryu Cheong-woo is really crazy. Didn’t he take a break for almost 10 years? Are you human?

It was just as Park Moon-dae said.

Comments were pouring in with exclamations that ‘it won’t be a problem’.

It’s not words like ‘I’m from the national team so why on earth does that happen?’ but expressions that are pure exclamation and tongue-in-cheek expressions.

-You’re so crazy you’re so good lol.

It was a strange feeling.

Liu Chengwu closed his eyes for a moment as he saw pure admiration filling the place where there had been only talk like ‘Just rest well don’t hold back it’s better to quit’.

Because it suddenly occurred to me.

‘This is what it felt like.’

Originally he always lived in this kind of reaction.

I’ve never attached great meaning to it and been proud of it but similar environments remind me of how I felt at that time.

-Liu Chengwu is Liu Chengwu

Myself before this happened.

The daily attitude and biological rhythm of that time.

So to Park Moon-dae’s suggestion ‘Would you like to take your time and participate in the schedule?’ he inadvertently responded as if it were obvious.

-Really?

And now.

“I’ll get off!”

Ryu Cheng-wu is indeed participating in Testa’s stage schedule normally.

As soon as the van which had been moving since dawn arrived at its destination the busy studio was already ready.

“Let’s start filming~”

“yes!”

The first schedule today was a famous talk show on WeTube.

There is no member who particularly pays attention to Ryu Cheong-woo and asks questions or takes good care of him. Rather as usual he was given the duties and rights as the group leader.

“Hey Cheongwoo should I come here to say hello?”

“Oh it’s okay. “You don’t have to go.”

“yes!”

Liu Chengwu handled things reflexively.

Things that seemed awkward when I thought about it in my head were naturally resolved once the situation became real.

And the stage.

“I’m sorry but we don’t have many cams… I think we’ll have to film about three or four times to upload personal fancams.”

A person in charge of stage filming said with tears in his eyes.

“Is that okay? Oh I’m so sorry…”

“Hey what are you sorry for?”

“That could be the case!”

This time too there is no member who says to Ryu Cheong-woo ‘Brother if you feel burdened by having to film again and again just tell me now… ’

I just say this.

“Brother are we going to continue like this?”

Then you just have to answer.

“okay.”

And the stage begins.

Same as always.

Then all you have to do is move.

‘ah.’

[Bad feeling!

You take it too]

Ryu Cheng-wu performed on stage without any problems that day.

“Cool!”

“Ah are we doing well today? “Brother look at this!”

Liu Chengwu took a breath and looked at himself in the captured camera data.

On the screen Liu Chengwu was dancing and singing passionately wearing a neat checkered suit.

[Umm-um Dduru-du

Even when the sun sets and the moonlight falls

Unforgettable feelings]

I didn’t feel particularly awkward or lacking in skills.

‘…I’m good at it.’

Was this what it felt like?

“…”

“Brother that thing just came out great!”

In the end Liu Chengyu nodded quietly.

But to be honest it wasn’t always successful.

Just trying doesn’t magically solve everything.

“…”

“Director let’s do it one more time!”

From then on when Ryu Cheong-woo performed on stage about five or six times he always missed the choreography with his left arm or was forced to react late.

It wasn’t the same intensity as when I first froze on stage and couldn’t do anything but the shock was at least half as strong.

However the members’ reaction is different from before.

“There are days like that right?”

Don’t force yourself to pretend to be okay or run away scared.

However I am not trying to look overly casual.

“I have time would you like to take a break for 10 minutes?”

We are also considerate at a realistic level.

“Brother if we run out of stamina you have to humanely buy us beef really.”

He complained that it was difficult.

That was actually a pleasure.

“That’s not difficult.”

“Oooh!”

And on the first day filming was delayed the members really worked together to get beef with him.

-The beef that Chungwoo bought… Everyone restrained themselves out of conscience and only ordered 20 servings (video)

└Mukstar form is crazy

└Guys hahahaha

└Since when does conscience allow 3 servings per person?

In a mild non-lethal way.

Liu Chengwu’s experience is painted in a brighter light.

Of course before going to bed the experience of failure that I experienced today has eroded my thoughts and senses.

-No matter what I do if I don’t recover any further from here.

That assumption alone makes you conscious of your arms.

Liu Chengwu still did not want to talk about such things to the members.

However Ryu Cheong-woo who could not join the live broadcast when there was a schedule went to counseling instead and talked about what had happened so far.

“If it continues like this and stops every five or six times…”

“Um… I see.”

And I heard something surprising.

“But Professor Cheong-woo why don’t you try reducing the type of medicine?”

“yes?”

The idea is to make prescription drugs weaker.

Ryu Cheong-wu felt that the symptoms were still there.

“I… thought you would recommend increasing it.”

“Of course just as you take cold medicine when you catch a cold it is natural to take the medicine you like when you are feeling sick.”

The counselor spoke softly.

“But from what I can see Mr. Cheongwoo you are recovering very quickly.”

“…!!”

Liu Chengwu is not in a state of depression where his daily life is numb nor is he so irrationally anxious that he falls into a state of panic.

The counselor who kindly explained it to him reminded him.

“Mr. Cheongwoo is currently thinking about work from a very realistic emotional perspective.”

“…”

That he is recovering well.

“Then maybe other feelings are more important at this point.”

“which…”

“I can do it.”

The counselor spoke firmly.

“It’s self-efficacy. “Teacher Cheongwoo is a person whose self-confidence is much stronger than that of the average person.”

“…Me?”

“sure.”

At that moment a sentence passed through my mind.

-Because my brother is naturally a good person.

What I heard from Park Moon-dae.

“He believed that I could do anything if I worked hard. And look again. A tendency not to be afraid of risk a challenging tendency to pursue distant goals…”

“…”

“In fact I have confidence that I will not lose under any circumstances.”

Liu Qingyu listened to those words in a slightly dazed state.

Did I do that?

“That’s why I’m asking you to reduce the medication. “I don’t want Mr. Cheong-woo to misunderstand that everything is thanks to the medicine.”

“…”

“Just to conclude that I did it on my own.”

In the end Ryu Cheong-woo nodded and came out when asked to reduce the dosage and type of medication.

But I still felt a little dazed.

‘hmm.’

Am I that kind of person?

This is because in the first place he never attempted to deeply introspect ‘who am I’ and find out the ‘ultimate me’.

Because I never felt the need or interest in doing so.

If Bae Se-jin had heard this he might have been shocked and thought ‘There are people who aren’t interested at all…?’ However people’s inclinations vary.

Moreover Liu Chengwu was not completely free from fragmentary doubts about himself or symptoms of resignation and anxiety.

Because no one has even invited him to perform live on stage yet.

“Brother again!”

“okay.”

After finishing the private pre-recording I inadvertently looked at the fans’ reactions.

Are you still wishing I could rest?

-I miss the kids…

-Does it make sense that Sanhok is private because of Jogi?

-I can’t see the real thing so what kind of activity period is this?

“Return your smartphone.”

“…”

Ryu Cheong-woo calmly placed the smartphone on Park Moon-dae’s palm.

But I couldn’t help but add something.

“Then don’t even look at your brother.”

“I won’t see it.”

lie.

There was no way someone like my brother wouldn’t see things turn out so unexpectedly.

‘I’m sure I’ll be watching it alone thinking ‘This will be good enough.”

Ryu Cheong-woo wanted to scold Park Mun-dae but somehow he couldn’t think of an appropriate attitude.

‘…what did I do before?’

It certainly seems like he said it quite convincingly and firmly.

“…”

It definitely seemed like it was better than the lowest point. However it is unclear and unsatisfactory as to where one stands.

It’s as if it has degenerated past its prime and will never recover…

“…”

He stood up with a slightly bitter taste in his mouth.

Let’s go to rehabilitation.

When Liu Chengwu is having a less-than-perfect week.

The news that Testa had been waiting for began to be widely reported.

“It came out.”

It was VTIC’s flagship first parking performance.

* * *

-oh my god

-You’re crazy really.

-I guess the fans were gathering their energy properly haha.

I sold a lot of it.

I was silent after looking at VTIC’s record sales index.

[VTIC | Non-Cryptid (regular) | 2931713]

Almost 3 million copies.

No matter how severe the inflation in the music market became it was a flagship sales volume.

It is a well-established theory that the number of copies increased by about 100000 thanks to the fans’ last-minute push to sell 3 million copies but…

‘But look at the X number of feet.’

I clicked my tongue when I saw group purchase receipts posted on overseas sites.

Of course Testa also achieved a record career high.

[TeSTAR | Badtime (regular) | 2083.375]

Even we have 2 million poles.

Unlike VTIC our fans succeeded in an additional volume offensive to exceed 2 million copies.

‘If the Ryu Cheong-woo issue hadn’t happened I would have been going crazy a few days ago thanking the members and the company because they are all good.’

However thanks to this the internet guys were going even crazier.

-The testa also exceeded 2 million units. Isn’t it similar weight class?

-No there are 2 million units that are the same but the difference in hundreds of thousands is the name of someone’s dog? Haha.

-Come to your senses 2/3 X stars!

-There are a lot of groups whose only wish is to sell hundreds of thousands of copies in their lifetime but do you have the conscience to treat them as equals and just pretend they didn’t exist?

-Ugh now I don’t get the testa global trend ㅇㅈㄹ boost.

I don’t know why but there are people all over the internet who sympathize with VTIC and beat them up on their behalf.

There were some insightful comments that chilled the conversation.

-All the rookies were eliminated in a certain way so the petit fans couldn’t catch the new talent haha.

“…”

No I didn’t do it to please those bastards.

Of course those words were met with criticism saying ‘How dare you say that VTIC was lucky?’

‘A lot of kids who got accepted based on their grades got accepted.’

However it does not mean that we are being defeated unilaterally.

On the other hand it’s like this.

-Testa Beat Feeling Lemon Music Chart sound source recaptured hahaha

huh. We regained first place on the music charts.

As expected VTIC’s song did not receive popular picks.

I have to give this honor to composer Kim Rae-bin.

-You’re crazy.

-As expected it only works overseas where news is slow due to its past reputation but it is a disaster in Korea’s home field.

-This is the original sound source but news is slow in foreign countries so it’s still popular haha.

So again it was a battle over who won…

“Well it’s a bit scary.”

“okay.”

If we just leave it without thinking about it we will fall behind as time goes by.

‘VTIC has a lot of rice left over.’

For example in the midst of all this VTIC who were active for the first time in a year and a half seemed to be receiving large love calls.

“Coachella.”

“uh?”

There was news of an appearance at an American festival.

“Isn’t that April?”

“I wonder if it might be postponed. “A natural disaster an epidemic something like that.”

“iced coffee.”

The members clicked their tongues when they saw it.

“Wow it’s September but is there already news about casting?”

A KPOP singer who appears as a headliner at a large festival popular in the English-speaking world!

Another negative factor was that public opinion was easily influenced by these things.

-okay? They are really famous and popular!

Fame leads to fame and popularity leads to popularity.

‘I don’t know what will explode.’

Rivals are still strong and as always in this industry nothing is certain.

Of course does that mean we were just letting go and leaving it to chance? Not even that.

“come.”

“huh?”

I grinned.

“We should go out too.”

The recruitment that was being coordinated has ended.

* * *

“We’re going to Glastonbury Festival!”

“Ohhhhhh!”

Amid Cha Yu-jin’s cheers Bae Se-jin asked with her pupils trembling.

“W-what is that?”

Sun Ah-hyun blushed and raised her hand.

“Ah it’s a music festival hosted by England! Not only are they famous but many historically significant people also appear…”

Sun Ah-hyeon eagerly explained that she also went to the program when she was studying abroad because circus and ballet appeared.

“Oooh.”

“Now that I hear it again it’s a really meaningful and wonderful festival!”

Of course Big Sejin is looking at the lineup from the year of the event to the latest year.

“Wow it’s great to see the lineup again.”

“They all know it.”

Bae Se-jin asked quietly next to the guy who was sticking his tongue out at the sight of the prominent headliners.

“Then there is almost no KPOP?”

“Even if they existed they were not from an idol group.”

It is said that mainly indie bands and several artists famous for their musicality appeared.

‘Well even though this isn’t the main stage it seems like it’s a famous festival with a lot to see… ’

I grinned.

“Still we’re probably the first to be invited to the main stage.”

[It sucks.]

“Ha… It’s really cool.”

I was planning to counter the topicality of the 2nd and 3rd weeks with this.

“There’s a little over two weeks left.”

“Oh…”

However if there are unexpected variables…

On this enormous large live stage. Will Liu Chengwu be absent or participate?

The point is that no decision has been made on that yet.

“…”

I deliberately did not look back at Liu Chengwu who was sitting quietly.

It’s up to you to decide what you want so showing too much concern is actually poisonous.

Haven’t you already seen it?

‘If you decide to do it you just have to push it.’

Liu Chengwu joins.

That was the most urgent concern and variable.

…until another article appeared in the evening.

“VTIC… Glastonbury is coming out.”

“uh…?”

“He’s even the headliner.”

“…”

These guys have a knack for making people angry. really.
