---
title: "Chapter 622"
category: "book"
index: 621
section: "Chapter 622"
slug: "622"
---

# Chapter 622

What do you think about the situation where you set up the main stage of a famous global music festival and your rival has to appear here?

And that too as a headliner.

“haha…”

“after.”

Of course it’s like X.

When sending out to the media if one group is the headliner that group naturally gets the attention first.

It seems like they are trying to show the level difference overseas.

-In Korea it’s Testa but globally it’s V-Tik.

I was getting sick of hearing that sound.

Obviously we get a better response here but I’ve seen them give us a higher rating once or twice because of our overseas results.

As for albums… if you look at the domestic volume alone this one sold more. But if you just look at the total amount doesn’t it seem like it’s falling behind?

“…”

This one is really tiring.

I silently pondered the news from the company. There was a light silence in the living room.

Then a question suddenly occurred to me.

‘VTIC headlines Glastonbury.’

We are on the main stage…

Okay well let’s say VTIC has better global appeal than us.

Anyway anyway.

‘Are these guys worthy of appearing as headliners?’

This does not mean that we are ignoring what VTIC has built so far. Even in that area the military is young and it’s common to release albums every 1 or 2 years so their hiatus would have been treated as just an album period.

It might have been more topical because the reason was unique.

but.

‘Still I’m not a singer that anyone who listens to will be impressed by.’

That’s always been K-pop’s weakness.

Public awareness.

-VTIC? Are you really a K-pop idol?

-Oh my god the K-pop plague has reached the UK.

-Who will go see a performance on a day when a ‘K-pop boy band’ appears instead of a living legend of our time?

-I like it I’ve been curious about them sometimes so I’ll have to see it that day 🙂

Sure enough as soon as the rumor spread people in the English-speaking world were also talking about it.

Of course there are dog fights with VTIC fans but compared to other lineups in terms of popularity they are pushed out.

It’s just that… there is outright noise and there is no ‘wow’ exclamation.

-I won’t go on Saturday.

Even if you remove all prejudices this means that it is the weakest in the lineup.

Well that doesn’t mean it’s so strange that I suspect corruption. K-pop is weak in popularity but is always strong in ticket selling.

‘Because the festival runs for three days we sometimes feature an experimental headliner for one day.’

But honestly if we went steadily I think it would be right to capture the main stage like we did.

Other famous pop singers often get their start by being listed on the main stage lineup…

‘I was anxious.’

Plus they don’t have a main vocalist.

Of course I know that Judan and Shinno have very good vocals but no matter how much I think about it I think that in a performance like this there needs to be at least one power vocalist to get a good response from the audience.

However I don’t know if it’s really a wise idea on a global level to make a headliner by going beyond your own weight class.

‘hmm.’

I calmed down and realized that I had regained my composure.

The other guys seemed to have calmed down and started talking about reasonable plans.

First understand the situation.

[6/21/FRI-TeSTAR]

“We are on Friday. VTIC on Saturday.”

The two groups appeared on different days.

“The dates are different~ Hmm I guess that’s better.”

I crossed my arms.

“It might actually be a bad thing.”

“why?”

“People who are friendly to K-pop or who like K-pop anyway will focus on dates where VTIC is the headliner.”

“…ah.”

If only we had been invited people who are interested in KPOP might have come to see us with more interest.

But as long as there is a KPOP headliner on another date…

“Are we likely to perform in front of an audience that doesn’t view us very favorably?”

That’s right.

This was an unavoidable problem in terms of proportion.

‘Besides they get all the aggro for appearing for the first time.’

That’s actually a good thing in terms of topicality.

…It’s even more infuriating because they’re stuck with us in so many ways so we’ve come to the conclusion that going a bit too far is a smart choice.

It was time to cool down the anger that was boiling over again.

“I don’t think there’s any need to worry though…!”

Sun Ah-hyun opened her mouth with a slightly red face.

“I think a good stage… well can communicate across languages or borders… as long as I can show it to you.”

“Sure.”

Cha Yu-jin shrugged took out the paper in front of us and threw it backwards.

“Cha Yujin!”

“Stop worrying about who comes out and when. “If we do better than the Headliner that’s the right answer.”

“…”

“I always say the right answer. “You know right?”

At those words a small laugh erupted in the living room.

“Huh? I like smiling. “But what is the reason?”

“No I’m used to it.”

Sejin Lee also smiled.

“okay. Even if we’re not the headliners we just have to do well~”

Of course this guy wasn’t trying to tell an ideal story like Sun Ah-hyun.

“Well the fancam will eventually be released anyway right?”

Correct answer.

‘The aggro of simultaneous releases with VTIC will continue.’

-Comparison of the performances of two K-pop male idols who appeared simultaneously at Glastonbury

There are all kinds of comparison videos floating around on WeTube and there are plenty of opportunities to turn things around if you try to create them.

And isn’t that what we do best?

Live stage.

“Let’s collide.”

“Good~”

The conversation ended with morale aflame.

However one person has a slightly mysterious face.

Who could it be? This is Liu Chengwu.

“…”

I quietly tapped him.

“What are you worried about?”

“ah.”

The guy answered with a faint bitter smile.

“I want to practice together. But… then it would be confusing when I was left out of formation on the last day.”

The argument was that for the sake of the stage’s completeness it would be better to leave the show from now on.

I am indeed.

I slapped the guy on the back.

“…!”

“hey. “Do your best.”

Liu Chengyu’s eyes widened.

“Why would it be confusing if we didn’t do anything for two years?”

I leaned back on the sofa.

“Even if you can’t do it right before the stage there’s no problem with getting into formation. Stop talking nonsense and just practice. “If you want to do it.”

“…huh.”

I turned a blind eye to Keun Se-jin shouting ‘Ol~’ with his mouth.

In this way Liu Chengwu continued to participate in practice.

The guy worked really hard.

“I’ll do it one more time.”

“yes.”

It seemed like he was practicing for this stage even when he could not appear on the live broadcast schedule deducting some of his break time as a matter of course.

“Hyung you look happy right?”

“uh. “Let’s leave it alone.”

I gritted my teeth and raised the level of perfection higher than usual but…

Just before leaving the country he finally made his final decision.

“It would be better not to go up.”

“…”

-Ryu Cheong-woo will not be on stage this time.

“If I go up and stop this is going to be really hard to handle.”

What effect would it have on the group’s name if one person performed parts and choreography in front of an unfamiliar unfriendly audience?

“This time… I think it would be better for the group if I refrained.”

It seemed like the decision was made after considering the possible repercussions of the situation several times.

‘If I convince you that you can do something unconditionally and then fail this guy will have to deal with all the repercussions mentally.’

That was something we couldn’t do so in the end we nodded heavily at Liu Chengwu’s words.

“…Still will you let me go with you?”

“then.”

And so Testa left the country.

And we meet while waiting and preparing for rehearsal.

The KPOP headliner performing a day after us.

* * *

“Our energy is high! Take it and fight on stage~ Seniors!”

“Thank you so much!”

VTIC was wearing denim outfits that were lighter and more free-spirited than suits for the festival.

In the past I would have said I wore something similar to jeans but I guess I’ve grown up.

There is nothing wrong with saying this line.

“Congratulations on KPOP’s first Glastonbury headliner.”

“Well if you’re looking at the date the first person to appear is my junior. “We have a Saturday test on Friday.”

It must be hard to just choose words that make people’s stomachs turn you idiot.

But instead of raising my eyebrows I just nodded slightly.

There are a lot of eyes watching me but I need to have a social life.

However Cheongryeo managed to speak again after everyone left.

“It must be very upsetting to see this happening again.”

“…”

What… are you expecting?

I looked at him with puzzled eyes.

“Well each person makes the best choice.”

“is it so. The best choice…”

Cheongryeo became speechless at that moment.

‘I wonder if it will float soon.’

It was a moment when I was thinking briefly.

“Well junior does he know that? “What the future would be like if I didn’t make this choice.”

The guy suddenly opened his mouth.

“What if this is your choice?”

“It’s a comprehensive sense of the current situation. But in detail… yeah. “Let’s just say I’m talking about the timing of the comeback.”

Time for VTIC’s comeback.

I realized that meant releasing the album simultaneously with Testa.

“I told you. “Thanks to this even people who weren’t originally interested are showing interest.”

But… what if I hadn’t.

“No I think I sold more albums than my junior.”

“…”

“I guess that’s all.”

-Ah V-Tik is making a comeback.

-Discharged? Haha that’s fast.

-Oh did you hear the billboard? ㅊㅋㅊㅋ But the ranking is a bit lower than before.

A passing interest.

No matter how much they tried to save on their image it was also a limitation for an idol group that had already done everything they could.

Especially if you focus on overseas activities.

“Of course the music may not have made it into the rankings.”

Cheongnyeo calmly told the reality.

“You know where the male idols who are not popular in Korea will end up.”

Fans are also aware of this and there is a limit to going out of their way to buy albums and maintain the level.

Glory in name only. A status that only exists in the past.

VTIC would have sunk that slowly.

They say that even if a big merchant goes bankrupt it will last for three years.

What do the public think? In the meantime I will quietly disappear into a singer of the past.

“That’s why I took the final challenge.”

I realized.

VTIC’s appearance as the headliner at this festival was also a choice made with the country in mind.

This time they sold a lot of albums and the music rankings were decent although not as good as in their prime.

However as he said this is the result of the fans having ample purchasing power and the popularity of releasing it at the same time as ours.

Then if you want to make it as real as possible…

‘I absolutely have to put my stamp on this album properly.’

So I went out of my way to get a headliner.

I wanted to give a sign to the country that ‘VTIC will remain an eternal legend.’

“So I decided to go here.”

“…”

“It might have been a bit harsh on you junior.”

I stopped breathing for a moment.

“what. “The guy who lost the music.”

“…!”

“and…”

When I bend my neck I hear a loud noise.

“Nothing is over yet.”

“…”

Cheongryeo’s eyes seemed to answer in that way.

The initial release period is over and your domestic music broadcast activities are probably over right?

What on earth is not over?

‘Look carefully.’

Instead of speaking at length I came out.

“Fighting on stage. “Senior.”

The activity period is not over yet.

[Surprising Glastonbury Festival… Shall we show off the skills of KPOP idols?]

VTIC only vaguely received news that the festival rehearsal that day had ended successfully.

‘doesn’t care.’

We just have to do our job properly.

I silently prepared the stage. Of course it was the same for not only me but also other guys.

“…”

However stitches popped out from the first button again.

“We’re missing the headliner.”

Oh shit really.

* * *

The morning of the performance.

“what?”

“Look at this.”

People with the same name who were getting their hair done put their heads down and looked at their smartphones.

“Performance canceled due to injury to Red Sumer vocalist…”

Bae Se-jin raised his head with a blank face.

Raebin Kim was shocked.

“So… is this a concert without a headliner?”

“That can’t be possible.”

What kind of damages and controversy would there be if the headliner were blown away at a large festival of this scale?

“I will fill it somehow.”

I’ll either serve up or get a pinch hitter.

Of course there are still limits.

“…the audience will be bored.”

“…”

People who came to see the headliner.

I’m sure there are a lot of people like that but it’s only natural to wonder how frustrated they would be if they couldn’t see the performance and singer they were looking forward to.

There may be people who have already sold their tickets or just leave after a short while but even if that is not the case you will have to attract audience members who have already lost interest.

In a language they don’t know.

“…”

‘They say that no matter how bad or good things are they usually come all at once.’

Why are you getting so much bad news stuck in your throat one after another?

I wiggled my eyebrows and suppressed a sigh.

Well… In fact it wasn’t an unheard of situation but if things continue like this the topic will be lost despite the headliner’s absence.

It’s already weak in popularity but the audience is not in a good and comfortable state.

‘This is the perfect situation to hit a low point.’

“…”

okay.

At this rate it is likely to be a low point.

If so… that is.

“Brother Cheongwoo.”

I jumped up from my seat.

“…!”

Ryu Cheong-woo who was sitting on the sofa and checking the members’ condition looks back with a puzzled face.

“hmm?”

“brother. Anyway I don’t think we know how much appeal it will have if this stage continues like this.”

I sat straight in front of him.

“Then let’s aim for the high point.”

“…”

“Hyung let’s go on stage too.”

I spoke without hesitation.

“It won’t have the effect we expect anyway but if you participate we can still show our best side.”

Liu Chengyu looked at me as if speechless for a moment.

But he soon regained his composure and opened his mouth.

“Mundae. I know what you mean. Still it might be better to be safe.”

However his voice cracked slightly low.

“First of all no one can be sure whether my presence will make that much of a difference…”

“Of course there are!”

“of course!”

“…!”

A strong response came from all over.

I was listening carefully and it seemed like it was something that came out and I almost burst out laughing when I saw the guys of the same age.

-Because my brother is naturally a good person.

okay.

If what you said didn’t really hit home that much then it’s not difficult to be more specific again.

“Ravin.”

“yes!”

Kim Rae-bin who happened to be wearing all piercings raised her hand.

“What is Chungwoo’s role in our song?”

“…First of all all of Testa’s songs were created by all members based on their individuality and strengths.”

“…”

“So of course in all of our songs Chungwoo’s personality is unique and his strengths are clear.”

Raebin Kim’s words were outspoken.

A clear mid-bass sound that leads the song. A solid vocalist that is stable like a bass but can also hit sharply and go up like a piano.

The sound is good so you can place it anywhere and the stage acting doesn’t depend on any genre so it’s good for the verse and pre-chorus.

“It is an advantage that shines especially when switching between soft and strong things.”

Raebin Kim declared so firmly.

“Your brother on stage can never be completely replaced by another member!”

Liu Chengyu’s shoulders trembled.

“…”

The members in the waiting room watched quietly.

and.

“okay.”

“…!”

Liu Chengyu raised his eyes.

Inside the solid thing I couldn’t tell if it was fire or water burning.

“Let’s do it.”

“yes!!”

The last moment of the end.

Liu Chengwu joined the live performance.

And a slightly damp cloudy and foggy Friday.

-Waaaaaaaa!

A huge music festival has opened.
