---
title: "Chapter 623"
category: "book"
index: 622
section: "Chapter 623"
slug: "623"
---

# Chapter 623

Festival venue.

Glastonbury England in June is colder than you think. You shouldn’t think of the clear hot weather of Los Angeles or San Diego.

The weather is gloomy and looks like it might rain at any time. In reality the rain keeps coming and going. The sun is just an event that can be seen occasionally.

A wet and gloomy outdoor scene.

but.

“You’re crazy!”

There is a fever that overcomes it.

Hot joy.

Woooooooooooo-

The cheers of anticipation and murmurs of laughter heard from all over the place became one mass and rang in my ears.

Colorful tents colorful festival decorations and statues and various colorful clothes shine brightly on the green grass even under the gloomy sky.

festivities! festivities!

And… music!

An American traveler froze for a moment with his mouth open at the majestic sight…

“Hannah!”

“oh.”

I came to my senses after hearing a friend’s call.

Another American traveler who woke his dazed friend shrugged his shoulders.

I understood to some extent.

person.

There were more real people than she had ever seen in her life filling the plains to the horizon with countless tents and blankets.

It was better than the beach in LA.

‘I would have done that too.’

The American traveler nodded and moved on with his friend Hannah.

They sat in front of their tent and opened a pamphlet.

This is to check the lineup of performances that will be held for three days starting two days before the eve.

“Is there a singer you definitely want to see?”

“Yes!”

My friend excitedly talked about several singers and then slightly hesitantly pointed out one more name.

“And… this band too.”

[TESTAR]

She blinked at the unfamiliar name. What kind of singer is this?

And I was a little surprised by my friend’s answer.

“KPOP?”

“Oh well. yes.”

Looking at her slightly embarrassed friend she let out an exclamation.

“Hannah are you really a KPOP listener?”

“Well to a certain extent.”

“It could be! “I know some songs too…”

She recalled a few Korean words she heard on Tic Tac Tok shrugged her shoulders and then suddenly remembered a fact.

[Saturday Headliner – VTIC]

“Now that I think about it isn’t the headliner the next day Saturday a KPOP singer?”

In fact due to the open and progressive nature of this festival free from commercialism the selection of headliners from such minor genres was not uncommon so it was understandable.

Anyway ticket sales are held without the lineup being revealed!

Occasionally there were people who sarcastically asked for a quota system out of political correctness but they were often ignored.

And in fact even she vaguely knew that a KPOP band called VTIC was famous all over the world…

“I’m not interested in those people.”

Hannah was adamant. Why?

‘Don’t KPOPs share characteristics anyway?’

She didn’t think she particularly looked down on KPOP. But wasn’t a unique genre originally one in which the similarities between themselves stood out?

First of all when I think of KPOP there is one characteristic that I immediately remember.

Gorgeous colors group dance clear skin teenagers crazy liveliness or irregular song that seems to mix various genres together…

And even the lyrics are a mixture of English and Korean.

Sure enough my friend hesitated and revealed the truth.

“I just umm… an old friend of mine is in that Friday band. “TeSTAR.”

“really?!”

Out of embarrassment and excitement she took out her smartphone where she had put up her tent and started searching for the name of the band.

Stopping that Hannah added hastily.

“No we just went to the same middle school and did homework together a few times…”

“Oh… it’s a boy.”

She felt that Hannah’s face had flushed bright red.

The two talked quietly while looking at a photo of a blonde member named ‘Cha Yu-jin’ who looked a little surprisingly fit and hot.

“Then he must be Korean.”

“maybe. Actually I thought he was half-Spanish but I’m not sure…”

The topic at that time passed so naturally.

Even American travelers didn’t feel much excitement up to this point other than a little curiosity.

My friend was adamant that it wasn’t a good idea for now but I thought that if I showed interest on Saturday I could watch the KPOP headliner performance together.

‘Still it’s human nature to want to see the more famous person.’

Even if you are not interested at all.

And the festival time passes.

“Look at that!”

From yoga to the circus field.

As you enjoy the eve of the festival with all kinds of experiences and sights in numerous concept zones it finally arrives.

Main event.

The day of the performance.

“Further forward! “Further forward!”

“Waaah!”

friday.

Behind the excited audience she and her friend who were so excited after experiencing all kinds of art and concept zones for two days willingly threw themselves into the crowd.

Huge main stage.

Shouts and colors burst out from broad daylight on the famous Pyramid Stage.

Papa pang!

How many people are there? 50000 people? 80000 people?

…120000 people?

‘oh my god… ’

Amid the waves of people she stood on the mud holding her friend’s arm and looking up at the pyramid stage.

The stage is the biggest centerpiece of this grand festival.

What would it be like to stand in front of hundreds of thousands of people on that enormous device?

Facing a crowd that is staring at you with anticipation!

[Say Good-]

Ooooh!!!

The first stage ended in enthusiasm.

People who sang along to the long-time veteran singer’s live acoustic guitar performance gave enthusiastic applause and cheers.

The singer enters with an overwhelmed face.

‘This is a performance!’

She also blinked in that warm and overwhelming atmosphere.

Because it felt like a real music festival was starting.

It was then.

“no!”

Suddenly a shrill scream and a shout came from the side.

The smartphone in my hand shook violently.

“Red Sumer’s vocalist was injured!”

“what?!”

It was news of today’s headliner’s absence.

“Oh my god so there’s no headliner on Friday?!”

“What XX!”

Some people who heard the news late let out harsh curses and sighs and the atmosphere quickly deteriorated into a negative situation.

[Please pay attention!]

It was said that the stage would proceed as scheduled after an urgent announcement but people were already starting to show up behind the scenes such as the Other Stage.

The selection of the singer who came as a pinch hitter was very obvious.

As they waited for today’s headliner the people who were here went to find other things to enjoy.

“Timmy came to Other Stage.”

“Let’s go there.”

Meanwhile the American traveler somehow her excited mind began to return to reality.

“oh…”

My feet felt sticky and painful inside my boots stuck in the mud. This is because so many people were trampling the soggy grass with their feet.

The problems of stamina and discomfort that I had forgotten about suddenly started to come back when the adrenaline was over.

Fatigue from camping appeared due to disappointment and discomfort.

“…Shall we take a break?”

“hmm…”

However when she saw that her friend Hannah was reluctant she decided to stay with her.

Because there were many other good singers in the lineup.

‘We just have to have fun and have fun no matter how others feel.’

However the people at the back got away quite a bit and thanks to that whether by luck or luck they were able to flow in quite close to the stage rather than before.

“I think I can see the face up there!”

“You’re crazy!”

They tried to rekindle the excitement but the atmosphere was still a bit turbulent.

‘If there’s a good performance it’ll be okay.’

When you hear a famous song performed live passionately.

and…

Jiiiiiiing-!

With the loud sound of the band tuning the next singer is introduced in black and white on the center electronic display.

[TeSTAR]

“oh!”

She hit her friend on the shoulder.

This was the KPOP group my friend was waiting for!

However there was not a very enthusiastic response from all sides. A few people holding the flag intentionally waved it hard to get excited.

There were definitely people cheering in front but there were so many people in the back that it was hard to see.

Either I don’t know who they are or I’m not very interested.

‘oh.’

She had a hunch.

Not this time.

‘A stage that will change the atmosphere’.

And I felt a little sad.

Wouldn’t it be difficult for a singer to be satisfied and not tremble no matter what he does in this fierce atmosphere?

The traveler thought that he might have run away.

and.

Tootuk.

“uh?”

Water droplets finally began to pour from the gloomy sky.

“ah…!”

It was rain.

* * *

[Wait 5 minutes.]

I think it was 5 minutes just now but it’s still 5 minutes.

Liu Chengwu thought quietly while listening to the English guidance.

Such comprehensive live performances were often delayed due to encores etc.

But this time was a little different.

Because it was right after the headliner’s absence was announced.

“How’s the mood?”

“Oh it’s okay.”

After hearing the manager’s response Cha Yu-jin nodded but her face clearly knew that it was a lie.

But no one in Testa was perturbed.

‘Does this mean it’s not even a day or two?’

Liu Chengwu who was watching this almost forgot his thoughts and laughed lightly.

Somehow it felt very reassuring.

Of course after that section passed thoughts began to fill my head again.

It was good that I decided to come up.

However regarding the ramifications of this incident it is difficult to calculate what kind of situation you will be in and what damage will be done to the group…

“excuse me.”

My thoughts were broken.

The person who spoke was… Bae Se-jin.

“I want to apologize for something.”

“hmm?”

Liu Chengwu was almost embarrassed.

“Sejin what do you mean?”

“I… feel like I was unnecessarily being too careful with you.”

“…”

Bae Se-jin seemed to have thought about these words several times and continued speaking cautiously but without hesitation.

“I didn’t think I should carelessly tell you not to worry. “In the past I didn’t like people telling me that everything would be fine when they said they wouldn’t take responsibility for anything.”

“…”

It seemed like he was talking about his days as a child actor.

“But I think I was wrong.”

Bae Se-jin raised his head.

“You are not me.”

“…!”

“You weren’t that worried. “Because he’s a person like me who doesn’t worry about useless things until they come to an end and just… does what needs to be done.”

Was it like that?

Liu Chengwu somehow feels very unfamiliar. I heard Bae Se-jin describe herself.

It was already the third time. Hearing someone describe themselves.

A person who is naturally good at something.

A person who cannot be replaced.

and…

“Someone who does his job?”

“okay. “Don’t think too deeply.”

Bae Se-jin nodded and muttered again.

“So I think this makes more sense than giving you time to think about it.”

Liu Qingyu listened quietly.

“You can do anything. So ever since &lt;Azusa&gt;… I thought it was great.”

“…”

“Good job. “I’m jealous.”

Liu Qingyu forgot what he was saying and looked at Bae Sejin. Bae Se-jin faced him without averting his gaze.

“…”

Eventually it was time.

“Let’s go up.”

Liu Chengwu went up to the stage.

None of the members said to themselves ‘It’s okay if I make a mistake. Don’t say things like ‘it will work out somehow’.

Just hand over a hand microphone.

“Here.”

I grabbed the microphone.

My heart was racing but my mind was quiet. What used to be dizzy with thoughts is as calm as a lie.

Because there’s no need to.

‘I see.’

It was something like that.

A singer appears in the rain.

[TESTAR]

Waaaaa!!

Decent cheers.

However rather than being directed at the singer it is directed at the stage itself and the atmosphere that is starting anew.

Moreover the rain that had started to fall penetrated people’s hair and stung their eyes.

Liu Chengwu could feel the gravity of the water drops falling even on his head.

See you on stage.

A wave of countless audiences.

Because the day is still bright you can see far into the distance.

And… there’s even a small crowd of people turning around behind them.

“…”

During practice last week Park Moon-dae’s voice came to mind.

-People will definitely fall for it.

The performance lasts all day. And that too for three days in a row.

Naturally there were many cases where the audience would leave a lineup if they did not like it or were not interested in it but then came back to enjoy other stages or activities.

Especially at the back.

-So once you get into the mood you will be hooked without any regrets.

The audience was extremely swayed by the crowd atmosphere.

but.

‘To put it the other way… ’

This means that the way to see is the same.

Liu Chengwu held the microphone.

-Start with a song you know.

rainy sky.

Even though it is daytime numerous lights on the stage flash as if cutting through the dark atmosphere.

And a sparkling voice.

Black hole!

Limestone The main OST song from the major comic book company’s sci-fi hero movie resonates unaccompanied throughout the venue.

Let me swallow iiiiii-t!

And then the band’s ensemble explodes.

“…!”

A familiar song.

And the familiar European band style accompaniment and development method.

Above all…

[Exploding far– away!]

vocal!

Park Mun-dae lets out high-pitched notes as he harmonizes high above Ryu Cheong-woo’s solid voice.

Cheers groans and unexpected admiration flowed through the venue and my steps reflexively stopped.

A song you’ve heard lyrics you can understand and a singing ability that will resonate in your head.

[Hit it like a comet]

Above the slightly lonely band accompaniment Kim Rae-bin’s low and harsh vocals disappear in harmony with Sun Ah-hyun’s soft mid-low voice.

And the climax.

[Shatter like a shooting star!!]

Testa’s vocals holding a standing microphone race through the running drum beats.

Fireworks exploded everywhere.

Wow!

Hannah and her friend also screamed like crazy in response to the reflexive response.

‘and!’

It was so nice to hear the song actually flowing through the singer’s vocal chords.

Because the movie was a box office success people who had heard it anywhere were excitedly humming and singing along to the lyrics while watching them on the electronic display board.

The band members did not just stand at the standing mic but instead held the mic and came out here and there to sing and add ad-libs as they pleased.

[Black-hole!]

Wow!!

When the song ended cheers erupted.

The polite response that had been given as a courtesy to the performance that was shown when they appeared was suddenly replaced by happy shouts.

“Huhhh!!”

Hannah’s friend also watched the stage while screaming from the inside of her stomach.

The electronic display board captured their faces.

‘Why aren’t they all young kids!’

His body and frame showed the composure and strength of a senior or college student rather than an immature teenager.

However as is typical of KPOP the tops worn over denim pants of various tones were filled with somewhat flashy precious metal decorations and leather chokers.

And then the first comment came out…

[We don’t know right?]

“Phew!”

After swallowing hard he opened up with a story that made me cringe.

The eldest member smiled excitedly stretched out his hand and pointed to the electronic display board with the lyrics to ‘Black hole’.

[We are the people who appeared as a crazy alien band in that movie.]

The person next to me laughed.

[I actually make that kind of music.]

ha ha ha!

It’s natural.

He had the confidence typical of someone who makes his own music.

Once the audience is on their toes they listen to the next song with a slightly open mind.

Eliminating barriers to entry.

[So next… This is a song that will introduce what kind of music we make and it is the new album we just released.]

Light cheers.

The member with the best physique and cool manly appearance took the microphone again.

English came out of his mouth clearly and softly.

[We haven’t even toured with this album yet but this is Glastonbury.]

He smiled gently.

[Isn’t love peace tolerance and dreams the spirit of Glastonbury? You can try anything.]

[So we prepared it too.]

It was that moment.

The stage lights turn off for a moment.

…

At that moment the audience’s reaction also became quiet.

Because I knew that a new stage would begin in the atmosphere.

And… the people on stage also became quiet.

The person who was holding the microphone just a moment ago.

Liu Chengwu.

“…”

he recalled.

-If my brother goes on stage.

-For this song you must stand in the middle of the chorus.

Liu Chengwu took a deep breath.

Below the stage the audience whispered in voices that could not be heard from up there.

“Hannah! “Do you know this song?”

“know! This must be a song called Bad Feeling…”

The American traveler tried to show his sincerity by listening to his friend’s explanation of the song and rehearsing it a bit.

“So a bit of Broadway-style pop music…”

When Hannah moves her mouth to explain the formal office and rhythmic choreography and the trumpet and delightful electronic instruments.

“Let’s begin!”

“ah!!”

The lights came back again.

And the thing that rings like it’s chasing you from behind…

Heavy old school accompaniment.

thud.

“…!?”

Fire falls on the singers who walk onto the stage in front of the stage.

However there are no tops with precious metal accessories that will reflect the light. Instead black and red hoodies or monotone jumpers are taking their place.

Soon the three-hundred-eyed face wearing a black beggar hat appeared on the electronic display board.

Everyone bows their heads except him.

Crackling crackling-

A low harsh rap bursts out against the background of a rough band ensemble.

[Get this feeling

Then I’ll fall and fall]

thud.

Bad feeling.

Their title song completely remixed with old school hip hop began to explode like firecrackers with explosive band sounds.
