---
title: "Chapter 624"
category: "book"
index: 623
section: "Chapter 624"
slug: "624"
---

# Chapter 624

Glastonbury where performances are in full swing.

Hae-jin who had been watching Testa with interest ever since she ran into him at a hotteok shop where Cha Yu-jin was a middle school friend looked up at the stage with her mouth open.

thud.

A dark old school hip hop sound was ringing.

Good!

The stage display board in front of you.

A low rap with full bass bursts through the distorted band sound like the howl of a wild engine beast.

The intro to their title has changed.

[Get this feeling

Then I’ll fall and fall]

Choreography that feels like taking steps on the floor and drums that get louder.

In keeping with this the performer has a decadent look with cheeks and three white eyes that nod his head while wearing a hat.

Raebin Kim.

[Umm-]

He lowers his posture.

With distorted electric bass.

Open your mouth by bouncing with pops from your shoulders to your toes.

[I sleepwalk

Walk slowly on the asphalt

Chill out calmly still step step

(Reload)]

Behind the throwing-like hand gestures the members’ choreography seems to protrude in all directions and then aligns with their arms folded.

A threatening movement as if prowling and approaching spread along a heavy rhythm.

A rough wrap over it.

[Still reloading

Without fear without heat without you]

The next runner pops out behind the hand gesture nodding his head.

Yujin Cha.

[(yeah Reload-)]

‘ah!’

Beneath that grinning face bounces and steps appear as if in play.

What comes in lieu of proper accompaniment is ultra-high notes.

[Woo-]

Park Mun-dae’s chords playing on the high octave come rushing in like a stamp.

[I sleepwalking every day again today

You appear even in my dreams

No resolutions or this evil is useless]

The rap pours out again with a long high-pitched voice.

Stand on all sides of the stage as if you are bouncing together by using your limbs rhythmically and controlling the strength and weakness of the rhythm… synchronized.

Lower your body as if you were lying down on the floor.

[Get out]

It’s extreme.

Hannah gasped as if her eyes would pop out.

This… is so different from the previous song!

However it is not just smooth bright and exciting like the original song.

[I received a lot]

thud.

The choreography changes to match the steps.

[Can’t throw away even one]

Ugh!

Intense piercing high notes or pounding rap.

The English interpretation appears on the electronic display board behind the stage but unfortunately few people pay attention to it.

Because the performance and vocal rap are aggressive together!

[I’ll give you a gift too]

Heavy and fast old school hip hop that the performer spits out while holding the hand microphone tightly.

If this continues it may have at least conveyed a sense of respect for historical tradition.

But the moment the chorus comes in.

[Bad feelings.]

An enormous twisted electronic sound hits the speaker.

“…!!”

If the authenticity of old hip-hop is appropriate it is the right time for easy-to-single and crude repetitive phrases to appear.

But instead an insanely heavy and frantic midi sound pushes the air closer to a complexstro.

And electronic melody.

[Bad feelings

fill me up

roll it underground]

A slow but powerful movement that moves the entire body and fills the stage.

Cha Yu-jin completes the gesture and choreography by nodding her head and twisting the corner of her mouth.

It’s not natural let alone hippie… It’s a way of unfolding that says fuck everyone!

A level of choreography synchronization and performance that almost borders on madness thoroughly designed for impact.

Rather it is closer to the essence of the modern entertainment art industry.

[Bad feelings

pick you up

roll it underground]

I have attitude and I will do whatever I want.

As if to claim that he runs across the stage as if to shout out “Look!”

‘What is this…?!’

In fact she thought of it the moment she saw Testa’s first song live.

-Looks like they organized the performance to fit Glastonbury!

The atmosphere was more like a live band than usual with an emphasis on vocals and emotions.

Lyrical and overwhelming emotions!

It felt more ‘natural’.

It fit the spirit pursued by the Glastonbury Festival which focuses on hippie culture and seemed like a desirable attitude for a performer attending this glorious event for the first time.

Moreover wasn’t it successful in changing the mood with the English lyrics of the movie OST?

I thought they were trying to refrain from KPOP-ness as much as possible and go for a traditional European-friendly approach.

but.

[Fill in the blank]

A wild choreography explodes with LED fireworks right in front of your eyes.

The member with the largest physique who was shaking his hands used his body’s movements as much as possible without laughing and performed the choreography in an overwhelming and intimidating manner.

Just seeing that group dance on the electronic display makes my body flinch.

[Ururururu-]

Each person has such a strong individuality that if they make a mistake it would be a mess as if they had cut each part of a wild animal and glued it together into a patchwork!

It’s closer to a stunt.

The individual’s difficult choreography and vocal rap ad-libs pop out non-stop as if they are showing off their individual skills.

I can’t even breathe.

[Fill in the blank]

And the barely fluctuating electronic sounds become calm.

[Fill in the blank with…]

ridge. ridge.

One person walks out among the members lined up to the leisurely beat of the low notes of the bass.

A member wearing a black jumper.

He looks around and walks out as if there is no rush to catch the entire formation.

[These bad feelings]

Liu Chengwu.

Finally he stood in the middle where the original song’s chorus melody returned.

* * *

Liu Chengwu remembered.

The conversation we had after seeing the composition of this stage.

-I guess Eugene or Ravine will be the focus.

It was a natural story.

If a song centered on rap and a strong image and personality were important those two were the right people for this team.

Park Moon-dae also nodded.

-The two of you seem to accept this concept well.

however.

-Because they have a very strong personality. There is more that is needed to do things as they please but still come together well as a group performance.

-What do you need?

Liu Chengwu came out to the middle.

-The center.

What should strong personalities be most wary of?

It’s a distraction.

As the number of items increases the possibility that they are unnatural and not visible as a single picture rather than synergy increases exponentially.

However when they match each other the taste of the intense personal parts becomes a bit disappointing.

In the end it is necessary for each individual to act as they please while still being seen as a team.

-Balance and strength.

The central refrain of the song.

On stage Liu Chengwu nodded his head.

The members around them form a formation with sword-like movements.

And the falling vocals.

[Don’t leave either.

Think of me every morning]

Every break in the choreography that matches the melody is done with precise force and eye contact.

The song and group dance come together.

And a nice chorus melody.

[These Bad feelings]

Like taking a walk.

The clear vocals over the hook-heavy accompaniment lead the song in an evocative and easy-to-listen direction.

The choreography no longer changes colors like crazy and competes against each other.

It is simply concentrated skillfully around the center.

[These Bad feelings]

The focal point of concentration.

Inside Liu Chengwu finally thought.

There was no need to think about it.

[You take it too

Take it out every day like me]

‘This is what it felt like.’

There is no need for complex and deep thoughts.

He knew what he had to do now and that was enough.

Now I understand.

[These Bad feelings]

It’s okay to give up.

I don’t want to hear it.

They tell you to sit down and rest.

I don’t like it.

because…

-Because I am a person who does not need to do that.

The reason he didn’t want to receive sympathy or concern was because he didn’t need it.

He was used to being able to do anything.

Self-efficacy.

His generosity in caring for others actually comes from there. Because they are full of trust and faith in themselves they can be relaxed and gentle in situations.

Liu Chengwu is not a person who is prone to failure.

Thanks to the words that will serve as clues to remind us of the proposition Liu Chengwu can now organize it without hesitation.

Just like your original self.

[I chase after you

It will pop out tomorrow morning as well]

no. It is right for worries and doubts to disappear.

[You take it too

Check it every day like me]

No all those worries and conflicts were not like me.

It is not for you to worry about failure that has not yet arrived.

It is not for you to worry about failures that have already passed.

I am not that kind of person.

[Get out]

The band stopped.

Ryu Cheong-woo who caught the melody that hit him aimed for the right moment to enter on the stage where there was a brief moment of silence.

[-]

Let’s let go now.

Like an arrow leaving a protest. Cut through the air pass the inflection point and shoot straight toward a point.

Excited.

Right direction. To the right location.

[But no more bad feelings!]

Jiiiiiiing-!

Bits are dropped.

“after.”

Your eyes are shining your breath is breathing and everything on stage is in the right place.

Liu Chengwu knew.

Because I knew it from the beginning.

[Full draw (S)]

-You will be in the correct position when you pull the protest.

\: Performance equanimity +150%

I can do it.

[Release (EX)]

-The arrow was finally fired.

\: Performance effect +180%

Fireworks explode on the stage.

[No more bad feelings]

The vocals are clear and a reference point.

The choreography which moves tightly with strength and weight separates the rap sampling from the riff melody.

Focusing is done on the center as if they are converging on one point.

With concentration without anxiety.

[Fill in the blank]

Soon the second half comes.

[Bad feelings

fill me up

roll it underground]

Sun Ah-hyun’s embarrassingly sudden backflip brings out screams and exclamations like a spinal reflex.

However the center of the song is not distorted.

‘It’s here.’

Hold it tight and the song’s concentration will come alive.

Ryu Cheong-woo whose drums beat like a heart beneath his low-pitched voice and drives the melody of the chorus does not change.

[Bad feelings

pick you up

roll it underground]

Behind Cha Yu-jin and Lee Se-jin who jumped out during the dance break Park Mun-dae screamed a high note and then Ga-eun jumped out again and ran.

[But no more bad feelings]

However the melody refrain makes the song progress in the right direction.

Ryu Cheong-woo who took the microphone came back to the center.

[I can run

up there

not really

With words of concern

To the end of thoughts]

A song full of unfamiliar language and irregular developments.

However what catches us back at the end is Ryu Cheong-wu’s refrain.

It increases the intuition of the song to a level where the audience can sing along.

[Bad feelings]

The hands point towards the sky and the members’ formation breaks in all directions.

The LED lights exploded.

“…”

silence.

The song is over.

People who were confused as to what this was. People who opened their mouths. People frowned and then looked at them as if they were watching. And in the meantime…

Impressed audience.

Wow!!

Meanwhile Liu Qingyu was out of breath.

And I completely recognized it.

It was good even if there were different likes and dislikes.

[thank you!]

The stage was perfect as one.

The Testa certainly made an impression.

* * *

[Testa went to someone else’s festival and did whatever he wanted]

From there something started to change.
