---
title: "Chapter 625"
category: "book"
index: 624
section: "Chapter 625"
slug: "625"
---

# Chapter 625

A few hours ago.

‘Ah… what should I do?’

Ryu Geon-woo Keun-dal who was on leave fell asleep while browsing through English-language websites. It dawned on me that my English study so far had been in vain.

Of course there was only one thing I was looking for.

Glastonbury Festival featuring Testa.

I remembered the time when I received the news from my brother before it was even reported.

-That’s it.

-Ugh!

It was good to see myself screaming asking why the ticketing ended early last year.

‘Now that it’s like this I’ve been trying to find at least a real-time broadcast in writing… ’

But today Friday the day of the performance.

An emergency occurred when the headliner died due to injury right before the performance.

Even the hastily recruited headliner was somewhat miscast depressing people in the English-speaking community.

-I risked everything to get tickets… Glastonbury is cursed this year.

-People say there are many other good performances so you can watch them but I was expecting too much from Red Sumer.

It was obvious if things continued like this.

Naturally the non-attendance situation attracted more attention and it was thought that Friday’s performance itself would just pass by as a series of eve celebrations.

In particular people who couldn’t get tickets seemed to think that way feeling like a bit of a bitter loser…

-What the fuck just happened?

Suddenly a band started doing crazy things on the main stage during the day.

Who is it?

‘brother!’

This is the group that made Keudal search the English site. Testa!

-I sincerely want to share this shock.

-lololololololololololololololol

Testa did a band live performance of a movie OST song that would be most popular in the English-speaking world as their first song and then did a crazy experimental heavy hip-hop song as their next song.

They even went so far as to modify the latest title song in a style that they have never officially released on an album before!

‘Aaaah!’

It wasn’t shown in Korea and there wasn’t even a tour VOD so there was no need to scream about what was going on.

This is because even though there were only a few Testa fans there to begin with they were all screaming.

In some WeTube fancams that are uploaded right away ‘What?’ It was such an unexpected choice that it was obvious that the camera was shaking with exclamations of confusion and surprise.

But what’s even more surprising is.

[This is the next song.]

Even worse in the next song he was attacked again.

‘omg.’

Testa selected one of their previous title songs which is represented by a bright beautiful melody and soft dance-like lines.

It is &lt;Promise&gt;.

[The keyword is mermaid.]

It was a selection of songs that seemed to be intentionally teasing.

According to the stereotypes spread on the global Internet it was a completely typical KPOP stage.

Bright colors wholesome and bright lyrics and even characteristic choreography using water that is smooth and not rough.

[You could say this is a song for rainy days like now.]

[Yeap we diligently checked the UK weather in June. So this is a natural song selection.]

Moreover the wording was just as convincing!

But at this point people started to react more enthusiastically to that point one after another.

-It makes me feel the spirit of resistance.

-It’s literally the pure spirit of Glastonbury. You all are free to do whatever you want LOL

Rather it is consistent.

That attitude of doing whatever you want without being fixed in one way.

Yet the quality does not deteriorate at all.

They knew what they were doing and they did it well!

-It was really fun because nothing was predictable!

-Honestly I think that was the moment I enjoyed the most as a ‘performance experience’ during Friday’s performance.

It all seemed very experimental and the ‘experimentality’ itself was enough to make it seem like the band’s color.

Even pointless arguments didn’t work.

-well. They just learned to do everything their company makes like skilled workers right?

└That’s it. I’m sick of it now. They’re singer-songwriters? How many times do I have to explain this?

└What year on earth is this old-timer thinking about K-pop?

└Read this article (link to Testa’s tour review)

This was thanks to the fact that Testa had already created an impression on the English-speaking Internet with its unique tour.

It’s a defense!

‘and.’

Big Moon scrolled down excitedly.

If it had been a concert with a healthy headliner as usual it might have ended appropriately with an incident like ‘There are guys like this too.’

But there was no headliner.

Rather thanks to that Testa absorbed all the aggro of the special period.

-Did you know that these crazy guys held a concert using a VR game?

-I’m in the Glastonbury tent right now and I want the band’s next tour schedule.

The story of a KPOP band that suddenly appeared and performed on the main stage as they pleased became a very interesting topic on the Internet.

Then when the fancams came up in the evening they were ranked high on search engines due to the amount of mentions.

‘amazing!’

Keudal who had now learned how to use advanced search engines to some extent looked back at the phenomenon with a flushed face.

It’s a pity that I couldn’t go there in person.

I even thought that I would like to see the situation at least by sharing my view with my brother but it was not only a request that crossed the line but it was now difficult…

‘I can’t even see the status window.’

He just watched the fancam and picked out the subtle changes in the center character Ryu Cheong-woo in the most impressive song.

The presence that can be seen even in the midst of shaky focus and noise.

[No more bad feelings]

The solid clear and quiet momentum captured on the electronic display board caught my eye.

‘Somehow… I think you’ve surpassed your limits.’

He who was once a status window watched it keenly once again.

Geudal knew about the news of Liu Chengwu’s suspension but he wasn’t that worried anymore.

[Bad feelings]

Somehow it felt good.

-These guys are doing EDM this time!

-Suddenly mysterious oriental instruments began to appear.

In this way Testa filled the set list with over five songs each with a different feel and did everything he wanted even changing one outfit such as covering or removing the hood.

Thanks to this VTIC’s headliner performance the next day received a bit of strange attention.

-okay! This is what I expected

-This is the K-pop I know\: group dance performances well-structured songs and flashy costumes!

VTIC has become a more stable comparison group.

Originally just because it was a KPOP headliner there were quite a few opinions and it was expected to be perceived as a somewhat unconventional or unique stage.

But that wasn’t the case this time.

There was a KPOP group on the previous date as well and it was because they selected so many unexpected songs that it was crazy.

-As expected those guys were strange!!

On the contrary it had the strange effect of making VTIC feel less unexpected.

It was something that could not be helped.

VTIC has already taken the risk of appearing as a headliner into consideration and has wisely eliminated more risky attempts as an option.

They created a stage that appropriately blended a composition that would be familiar in the English-speaking world with their own unique conceptual style.

If it had been done as it was it would have been a fairly successful performance and would have received rave reviews in one way or another.

In reality there were continued to be positive reviews such as that it was truly a headliner and that it was cool with weight but the problem was that it was a hot topic.

-So that band on Friday was Crazy Guys?

If it weren’t for Testa.

In the end all buzz is a double-edged sword and the winner is determined.

-Day 2 of the Glastonbury performance. I still can’t get over that crazy K-pop band…

His older brother Testa Park Moon-dae was actually the one who made this diagnosis right away but Geudal didn’t know until this point.

However Keundal also had trust.

His brother would definitely take advantage of this situation.

‘Because my brother was always like that… ’

Even when he shows absurd characteristics or status abnormalities as a status window. I was always looking for an exit and a unique way to use it.

Thinking back to that time Keundal felt an unexpected emotion.

Not longing anxiety or debt…

‘I think it was worthwhile.’

A sense of accomplishment without being heavy.

I really thought that if it weren’t for the status window things would have been really good. So if it was some kind of helper!

Of course that thought passed quickly and what caught my eye were the new English comments.

-USB album? It’s very eco-friendly.

-So… it was a remix just for the performance that wasn’t even officially released?

-Kill me.

There is a flood of posts calling for Testa to release a remix of the Glastonbury version.

Like a meme Testa’s performance went viral.

And it began to be re-imported into the country.

-Test hahahahahahahaha

-Wow it’s fun.

-Testa gives you a taste of foreign bands. If you get into it now you get 1+3… no 4!

-I’m buying Glastonbury data… Please sell it.

“good night.”

Geoldal smiled and looked at the compliments.

It felt good to have someone who liked what I liked together.

Then all of a sudden I happened to see a page I had visited before and accidentally clicked on it and opened it.

“ah.”

It was a social media account that showed album sales.

It was a page that made me feel a bit discouraged while looking at it when it was in the midst of competition with VTIC.

Of course it didn’t mean much now that the one-week initial period was over once upon a time…

“uh?”

Big Moon blinked.

The fluctuation in numbers was strange.

-Sales\: 9126

This is the sales volume from a few days ago.

and.

-Sales\: 20274

Today’s sales.

The figure was more than double that of the day before the Glastonbury performance.

“…?”

It’s been a few weeks since the album was released but sales have actually increased.

For a moment Big Moon wondered if he had seen something wrong but soon realized.

‘Ah the publicity effect is there!’

I think this is also an effect of the Glastonbury Festival.

However in fact the original title song and the song remixed in the performance had a completely different feel so it did not seem to show a dramatic change in the graph.

‘Hmm.’

So he returned to the English page.

-This is some kind of scam. You can barely find any videos of them doing old school hip hop!

-I found out a lot about the frontman of this band’s chorus. He was surprisingly an Olympic gold medalist and the hottest Korean I’ve ever seen.

But I couldn’t find any more scenes of him doing hip-hop. This is literally hell.

“oh my.”

Big Moon’s head tilted at the exciting writings but…

Grumble!

“…!”

Soon I was startled by the sound of vibration and returned to its original position.

It was a notification on my smartphone. He came to his senses.

‘This was not the time!’

[&lt;Notice&gt; Break time is over!]

Geoldal saw that time had passed and quickly turned off his smartphone.

As promised to his brother he no longer entrusted his joys and sorrows to Testa.

But at the same time I didn’t become dull by completely excluding it from my life.

He was trying today to maintain a reasonable balance and maintain the attitude of doing testa monitoring as a pleasure in his life…

Actually I had a lot to do today too!

-You are Ryu Geon-woo the member who registered online right? It’s here and I called after receiving a call…

“Oh wait a minute!”

Big Moon got up from his seat.

During his leave period he now had to prepare.

And at the same time.

Testa was also busy preparing.

Of course I had a brief pleasure before that.

“Oh how about this? ‘The challenger’s words echoed through Testa Glastonbury’!”

“Coooooool.”

“I’m honored!”

The Testas who were lying in a van with the backs reclined so that it was almost like a sleeper applauded each other.

“Brother you were amazing!”

“thank you.”

Of course the MVP among them was Ryu Cheong-woo.

And he had something he wanted to say.
