---
title: "Chapter 626"
category: "book"
index: 625
section: "Chapter 626"
slug: "626"
---

# Chapter 626

After returning home from the festival in England.

I heard the slightly tired but happy voice of Keun Se-jin coming from beyond the backrest.

“They said we did really well.”

“…good night.”

Today too the busy activity testers’ schedule for the day was to ‘boost themselves by watching compliments and monitoring.’

And today’s topic is…

“Glastonbury is fun. “I want to go again.”

“Yes definitely do it.”

The Glastonbury Festival ended successfully.

The moving van had already completed one round of monitoring and was entering a pleasant lull.

…Well actually I haven’t seen anything in person.

-Mundae did the monitoring alone during the comeback… so we’ll do it this time…!

-… Okay.

Still it didn’t matter because I could see the general flow. I’m not so anxious about this anymore. furthermore…

‘It exploded properly.’

You can clearly understand it just by hearing it.

The response is good.

“This is my first time seeing so much of our writing in English.”

“Cha Yujin! “Has anyone mentioned a new arrangement?!”

“Yep. Everyone likes it. “Good job Raebin Kim.”

“Oh let’s see. There’s even an analysis comparing the original song on an English site.”

“oh my god…!”

Testa’s English name is said to have increased its popularity index on search engines by more than 15 times in one night.

Considering that it is already in its active phase the search volume will not be low so it is a ridiculous amount of profit compared to the investment of time and effort. It was a crazy achievement.

The company screamed because they were happy.

‘I never thought I could eat this much.’

…Honestly I had a vague intuition while standing on that stage.

I leaned back against the backrest.

The cheers get louder and louder and reactions change from embarrassment to elastic joy.

That feeling when you have a firm grip on your stage goal.

-There are probably very few people there who know us well anyway. So rather than aiming for sympathy or emotion…

-You absolutely have to go to Impact.

The feeling of pleasure when all your tactics work.

What Cha Yu-jin just said was exactly right.

‘…It was fun.’

As expected if you were doing it with good and cooperative kids it was something even a gambler aiming for the highest score could do.

‘No now I see it wasn’t even gambling.’

I looked back at the face of the MVP sitting next to me who I thought was a gambler but had really hit the high mark here.

Liu Chengwu.

“How are you feeling?”

“good.”

The guy’s answer was simple.

“Oh!!”

However there was cheers like a baseball stadium.

Just like when I came down from the Glastonbury stage.

-brother!

Ryu Cheong-woo backstage must have heard the call filled with joy even though he was dripping with sweat.

But instead of answering he muttered\:

Looking at your own arms.

-It felt like this.

-yes?

-no.

The guy clenched his fists and laughed.

-Now I understand.

It was a cool smile.

And those words are still coming true in the present.

“Oh that’s right~ Now you’re doing well on stage hyung!”

“Yeah tell me what you think!”

Liu Chengwu smiled slightly and spoke calmly.

“Well I guess it was important not to lose my senses.”

Something like that simple exercise tip.

That was all the guy who recovered from the yips and tore up the stage said.

But no one booed.

“…”

“Good.”

Liu Chengyu did not say a single word or make a long speech to himself claiming that he had finally achieved enlightenment after much agony.

Probably because there was no need.

We have already experienced together how Ryu Cheong-woo recovered his ‘feeling’ on stage.

From the conversations that took place off stage several times to the performance on stage.

So there was no reason to start talking again.

‘Because self-confidence was the keyword.’

So within this group of ‘his people’ Liu Chengwu simply returned to his natural confident and gentle demeanor.

To your own place.

“…okay. “You are a person who lives in reality.”

“Ohhhhh.”

“Oh~ famous line!”

Thanks to this I got to see other guys’ reactions… no the target of admiration changed.

Bae Se-jin’s face turned red and Ryu Cheong-woo also burst out laughing when he saw it.

“Haha thank you!”

The laughter was refreshing.

And the transition to the next topic was refreshing.

“The next schedule is… um Summer Festival. “It’s a broadcasting station event.”

“yes.”

“Let’s get the clothes first. “I’ll tell the manager.”

I just chuckled as I watched the guy begin his detailed briefing.

I think that was enough for us.

However this does not mean that there were no exceptions.

It seems like he also had someone he wanted to express his feelings to in a long sentence.

-Do you think Cheongwoo is okay now? No no let’s not judge hastily. It seems like a burden.

-Ah I’m worried that I’m overdoing it for no reason but it’s really good.

-I love you Cheongwoo.

Fans who are still torn between worry and joy after seeing Liu Chengwu’s performance this time are sailing.

That night a long article was uploaded.

* * *

“…”

In the middle of the night the schedule is over.

Ryu Cheong-woo sat in front of the laptop that Park Mun-dae returned to him after careful consideration.

Well it felt like getting back a game console that had been confiscated by my parents.

‘Actually it’s mine.’

It wasn’t a bad feeling but it was a little embarrassing.

However he soon regained his composure and began to write calmly and slowly.

That calm face is reflected on the monitor.

———————

[This is Ryu Cheong-woo.]

hello. This is the first time I have sent a message like this since the announcement of the suspension of activities.

First of all I would like to apologize for causing you worry.

I think I couldn’t write a long post because I was worried and anxious about what to say.

———————

Ryu Cheng-wu who paused for a moment in the paragraph that started like that soon added a sentence as if his hesitation was a lie.

———————

It was not a very happy time.

———————

Crude writing comes out from your fingertips.

The embarrassment I felt when I encountered sudden physical difficulties on stage.

And the feeling of frustration when you can’t control your own body.

Stories that Ryu Cheong-woo would not normally write down are calmly told with a focus on emotions without excessive or unnecessary details.

Because there is a conclusion I want to reach.

———————

I am sorry and grateful that my emotions and condition have caused you worry but I am also heartbroken.

So rather than worrying

———————

in fact.

Liu Chengyu took a breath and exhaled.

———————

I thought it would be nice if you could urge me on.

———————

The batter came straight out.

———————

I am not weak.

You can say there is no reason why I can’t recover so please urge me to come back quickly.

When will Liu Chengwu return? How much did you practice during your break and how much did your skills improve?

I hope you can expect that I will definitely be able to do that.

Just like always.

———————

So that I can realize what kind of person I am.

———————

When I write it down like this it seems like a childish thing to say but I won’t cancel it.

Please trust me.

———————

After uploading the article Liu Chengwu had a good night’s sleep.

He woke up on time at dawn did some light exercise took a shower and woke up the members.

After a brief briefing we got in the car and checked the schedule for the day.

“There is an audience today right?”

“Oh yeah!”

Follow the schedule faithfully.

However whenever I had a short break I matched my movements and vocals found strengths and weaknesses in my performance and improved them little by little.

The joy of everyday growth.

“Ah Mr. Cheongwoo. You say you’re not mentally well but isn’t that actually a physical problem? Who was there? The person who panicked was like that too. if…”

“Oh it’s okay.”

It’s okay to feel stressed sometimes. He was able to control his condition skillfully relieving his frustration with grippers stress balls and short conversations with members.

However don’t let your guard down and make an appointment for a consultation. Because we need to keep managing things just in case.

However you will no longer have to worry about ‘what will I do if symptoms really appear again?’ Isn’t this an unnecessary worry?

And even if he was once again frustrated by circumstances he was able to get up again.

‘yes.’

Even when his career in archery ended he got back up and challenged himself as an idol and regained his sense of reality even though he was haunted by memories of the past that were already gone.

He has overcome all difficulties and is here.

As always.

Always take one step at a time without delaying or worrying about the path you should take now.

It doesn’t stop.

“Hyung standby!”

“okay!”

That was enough for Liu Chengwu.

And there are members who naturally fit that look.

“Did you see what Liu Chengwu posted?”

“I saw it.”

Park Moon-dae recalled the letter from Ryu Cheong-woo that had just appeared on his smartphone screen.

That final finish.

———————

I will do well.

I would like to see you on stage again as soon as possible so that you can believe these words without any more anxiety.

On the day we meet in person I want to perform on stage with even better skills than I have done so far.

Please look forward to it. Lover.

———————

“…”

That was enough writing.

Park Moon-dae witnessed Bae Se-jin and Sun Ah-hyeon wanting to comment on the post but eventually tried to dissuade each other but decided to keep it a secret.

“Okay let’s restrain ourselves!”

“yes…! Because Chungwoo wrote down his entire heart…!”

And while he was looking at it with a similar expression to his own he also saw a large figure passing by whistling.

“…”

The group had an extremely good atmosphere.

‘It’s running well.’

I’m not being sarcastic I’m being sincere.

Park Moon-dae chuckled.

Liu Chengwu recovered.

The group’s activities went well and they finally beat their rival who was the festival headliner in terms of topicality by competing head-on.

However looking at it objectively it seemed unlikely that all of this would directly lead to album performance.

This is because the original song was not performed and the feel of the performance remix which became a hot topic was very different from the original song.

Even among the titles they have released so far there was no song similar to the old school hip hop of this performance.

There is no connection point.

Then the topic floats in the air.

‘The topic was only focused on the group image.’

If things continue like this it seems like Testa will absorb this buzz well and achieve results next time and promise the next album while making the same noise.

however.

‘If you only look at it now… that’s right.’

Park Mun-dae was neither shaken nor regretful.

He never expected his Glastonbury appearance to go so well in the first place.

If so he was not an optimist enough to make a plan based on these uncertain factors.

‘But I could still use it more.’

Using this topic as a stepping stone he began to think carefully about ways to make it more effective.

“Hyung Moon Dae! Cha Yu-jin is strongly insisting that she wants to eat Rabokki for breakfast tomorrow.”

“Tell him no.”

“yes!”

And that night. Park Moon-dae who was in bed smiled and picked up his smartphone.

Is it almost time?

* * *

A few days later.

“Huh?”

Unusual behavior was detected on Testa’s album USB.

Although the group has released several USB-type albums due to environmental protection and concept issues this album did not have the volume to shout ‘Can something this crazy?’ such as games.

-I just downloaded the program and an app appeared where I could view album B cuts and other things.

└Ah ㅇㅋㅇㅋ

But suddenly a unique pop-up appeared on people who ran the USB app after midnight today.

[Do you want to download the Hidden Code?]

It was an update.

If you click in a hurry the title sound will be downloaded once more.

This is the old school hip hop arrangement version that I have become familiar with over the past few days!

[Bad feelings (ver.G)]

-Crazy Glastonbury version!!!

-Ughhh

-Oh it’s crazyㅠㅠ Guys I think the music will be released. What should I do? I’m so excited and I feel like I’m going crazy.

-I will inform the Yangdeoks of this good news.

Excited fans eagerly shared this surprising news and enjoyed the fan service.

There were some people who enjoyed a somewhat calculated pleasure wondering if this might increase album sales a little.

But some people stayed on the download page longer…

-Oh wait a minute.

-???

-why?

I discovered a new pop-up.

[D-7 until the next Hidden Code]

-what’s this?

“…!”

Another notice has arrived.
