---
title: "Chapter 627"
category: "book"
index: 626
section: "Chapter 627"
slug: "627"
---

# Chapter 627

New music released!

The title track of the version performed by Testa at the Glastonbury Festival has been released. And that too in the form of an update to the existing album.

-It’s not a repackage album? It’s not a single song? Isn’t it just an additional release of one new version?

-Free updates without paying…?

-This is unimaginable in our mobile game industry.

That alone was already a bit of a hot topic and Testa’s fans enjoyed this delightful piece of cake.

Testa’s unrivaled performance at a large festival sparked a buzz. The fandom was greatly relieved when Ryu Cheong-woo’s letter was posted there.

This music content like a pleasant bonus was able to enter people’s hearts as is.

-Thank you guys.

-I thought this promotion period would end with a stomachache but surprisingly I was a bit happy haha.

However there is one thing that is disappointing. For some reason Testa did not release this music through a separate music site other than adding to the album.

-Ah I think a lot of muggles will also download this but it’s a shame.

-Other than slightly increasing album sales overseas it’s too much fan service… When the water comes in I shake it strangely.

-Guys isn’t this right?

-Although it is number 1 in the music industry there is a possibility that the firepower may be dispersed. It is a wise decision.

-If the music is released and the performance isn’t even a little bit bad Petik will kick it out and say hello. It’s right for the performance to continue like this due to the popularity of the performance.

There were many different stories but most of them thought it was because there was a logic that was understandable based on the information that was currently released.

Great joy and a little regret.

I thought it would end in such a short and fun way but…

[D-7 until the next Hidden Code]

-What is this again?

Suddenly a notice of new content appeared on the album app.

-suddenly?

-No this time he pretended nothing happened and said something haha.

It was so unexpected that no one expected it.

‘Wasn’t this unplanned music released in a hurry because the festival performance was a huge hit?’

But what else is there?

There has been no notice or hint so far but album updates have been announced one after another as if they had been planned!

-I’m so excited guys.

-Could it be a game again?

-I think it looks like a tour preview.

-Isn’t the choreography video that was performed at Glastonbury like this?

It’s such a big deal that a remix of a performance that has become such a hot topic can be used as a pre-release.

The fandom swelled with all kinds of speculation and expectations.

But at the same time voices of concern also emerged.

-But we are good but the general public just passes by without knowing.

-This is too accessible.

I am worried that it will become a typhoon in a teacup.

There were many people at home and abroad who were waiting with interest for the sound source of Testa’s performance this time.

However there is no way that these people would have paid over 20000 won to buy the new album and listen to the music.

Naturally there were an overwhelming number of cases where people tried to listen to unofficial music uploaded to WeTube for free and the number of fans who lamented about money and records being leaked like that was bound to increase.

I was already a little disappointed with the poor accessibility but the idea of maintaining it as is and adding additional content.

-If you wanted to provide fan service wouldn’t it be better to release it as a free music source?

-Just do some additional activities with this version whether it’s a music room or an event.

There were voices expressing regret that this water leakage phenomenon would be further encouraged.

The sentiment of fans demanding more aggressive and public activities slowly emerged.

After going through back and forth with VTIC I was anxious about missing out on this situation where the momentum was gained through the performance which also played a part.

‘I think it would be more effective if I appealed here domestically or internationally!’

People began to say one after another that if they could set a schedule for Testa instead of the company it would be in this direction.

-If the sub-song gets a better response than the title song there are many cases where the promotional song is subtly changed to a sub-song. Please have that kind of sense.

-Honestly the original Bad Feeling song did well on the music charts but now we need to consider its popularity. Let’s push the hip-hop arranged version to the forefront and even do some promotion on WeTube.

-I think I would have definitely gotten requests for appearing on some American or British talk shows with this.

Each person who got the message was immersed and presented their own answer.

Even people who are not Testa fans are secretly trying to appeal to their insight as ‘KPOP regular listeners’.

[If it were me for this Testa arrangement I would have released the choreography video first]

[I think the Testa company shows all the pros and cons of a startup]

In the end even fans who didn’t care about ‘how much they benefited’ began to become aware of this situation.

This person and that person are all talking about ‘which method is efficient’.

So a very strange effect appeared…

-So what on earth are they going to reveal? I’m really going crazy.

The content release notice created a much heavier sense of tension than usual.

Worried about missing the opportunity and becoming a typhoon in a teacup fans actually became anxious and took a deeper interest.

At the same time major entertainment shows related to this activity were coming to an end.

-Ghost Office Is this the end? It was scary and creepy but I guess it’s a bit hard to get the rice cake back…

-In real life they are holding their hair and fighting during the music album performance but on MT entertainment everyone is laughing haha.

-Wow all of my entertainment activities this time are over. My month of fun has come to an end. It’s a shame.

From VTIC and Testa’s MT entertainment to Testa’s strange ghost story office.

All of them were near the final episode or had just ended. If there is no next hit I wonder if the official promotion period will end like this.

What appears to be spare firewood has run out but it is unclear whether this is real firewood for burning or just fan service for small embers.

-But since it’s an update isn’t something great being revealed?

-I don’t think there will be any kind of advance notice but it still seems too impromptu.

-Why don’t you keep your mouth shut on official SNS? Seriously what is this?

It’s not over yet!

Fans publicly spread the news on social media and communities in order to somehow spread the word and make more sales.

But at the same time I also doubted myself because I was afraid I was making a fuss over something that was not a big deal.

-Please hurry up and go a week. I can’t breathe.

This is a time when fans’ expectations and tension are tightly focused.

If the announced content had been nothing special the idols and companies involved would have been biting their fingers that the matter had become so big.

It wouldn’t have been strange if they had held an emergency meeting saying something had to be done…

“What’s your reaction?”

“Ah you like it.”

Testa was calm.

Lee Se-jin skillfully flipped through the screen of her smartphone and grinned at Park Moon-dae who was sitting next to her.

“Mundaemun University.”

“why.”

“Including the countdown function was a really great choice.”

Anything that reduces the number seems to create tension.

“You have high expectations.”

They rather wanted to encourage this attention and tension.

Thus the count decreases.

[D-6]

-I think a repackage preview will be released.

-If it’s a performance video it’s better to release it on WeTube…

-Isn’t this a behind-the-scenes look at Glastonbury? Season’s Greetings will be released in advance with this

[D-5]

-Oh it was like this but what if it’s not a big deal?

-I just teach stills of the kids’ performances.

-Please let go of your expectations. Why am I so excited? Really?

[D-4]

-Why are you creating an atmosphere like this? It must be a burden for the kids.

-But there’s still no story. Isn’t this just to raise expectations?

-Are there any spoilers from related parties?

[D-3]

-There are a lot of popular posts coming up in the community.

– Muggle interest is better than I thought.

-I hope it’s something great. Oh please.

[D-2]

-Does anyone know any other news?

-Why is there nothing said in the engineering world?

-Now I’m just looking forward to it. No I’m anxious. That’s a lie.

[D-1]

-I’m so nervous.

And finally…

[D-0]

Midnight on the same day.

“…”

A new pop-up appeared in the app.

[New Hidden Code has arrived.]

[Would you like to download?]

The people waiting for that question unanimously answered ‘yes’.

[Download Hidden Code!]

How can this even manifest itself as physical symptoms?

Gulp.

The sound of swallowing and hands and feet shaking with tension and nervousness.

The anticipation and tension accumulated over a week rush into this one moment and tighten a person’s heart for a few seconds.

And the moment the download is completed.

[Have you ever seen this before?]

Two images appeared.

“…?”

Fans blinked and looked at the screen.

A selection of images in a similar format appeared as if the correct image had been selected from the internet and paid homage to the person by certifying ‘I am not a robot’.

One was a group photo of Testa dressed up in a suit.

The image of him smiling in the office as if taking a photo to introduce the company is a representative concept of this familiar album.

And the other one is… an employee ID card.

Seven employee ID cards are scattered haphazardly on a desk in a dark laboratory.

Two conflicting images.

And below the given English sentence there is a text in Gulim font that seems to have been translated.

[Have you seen this before?]

Some of the fans who were momentarily conflicted clicked.

Sweet.

A photo of Electronic Testa’s group suit.

Of course doesn’t the image with the idols themselves on a bright background look much more attractive to click on?

Then the page turns lightly and new letters appear.

[Thanks for your response!]

And then everything disappeared.

“…?”

In the end those people clicked on the app again to bring up the options but other fans chose the opposite answer from the beginning.

“If it’s a tester this is definitely it.”

For example someone like Park Moon-dae’s first home horse.

She swallowed while looking at the PC monitor.

From phantom thief games to tour promotions and VR concerts. Testa has recently been enjoying giving fans a choice experience by applying various options.

then.

‘What is this that hotel? It’s like a circus or something like that.’

It certainly seemed like they were aiming for an impact with a twist. furthermore…

Homma fixed his gaze on the second image.

Testa’s employee ID cards without an owner.

‘I’ve really seen this before.’

Of course the first image was a familiar tester of this activity period. However it is an unreleased B-cut that has never been seen.

However the second is an image that has really been exposed to fans.

It came to mind as soon as I saw it.

‘It’s the Zarkon ending!’

This is the ending scene of the final episode of the entertainment show &lt;Testa’s Bizarre Office&gt; that just aired.

Ultimately the answer to the question ‘Have you seen this before?’

“It’s the second image.”

Homma took a deep breath and clicked on the second image.

Sweet.

The image quickly disappeared and was replaced by a white image with a text on it.

[Are you sure?]

Are you sure?

‘okay!’

The first homma again clicked on the image where the text appeared.

[really?]

Really?

This time I click again without looking at it for long.

Then the image section finally disappeared and a loading sign appeared.

“…!”

Soon new text appeared on the screen.

[? [I’m not an AI]

‘I am not an AI.’

The page truly turned with the indication that authentication was complete.

Then a new video option appeared in the app and it started playing automatically.

A place like a dark tunnel.

But the person who seemed to be walking ahead looked back. as soon as…

[…]

Sun Ah-hyun!

However the person standing on the screen was not Sun Ah-hyun who appeared in the original content wearing a suit.

He was the dancer for the intro solo song.

Sun Ah-hyun gestures into the camera’s field of view just like the dancer who danced while embracing the black torso.

[This way.]

The screen moves forward.

And where I stood was a mountain-like steel gate with a broken black torso.

The first homma eventually recognized it with keen eyes.

This is… the company’s basement door that we saw in our own content!

[I said I’ve seen this before.]

Sun Ah-hyun carefully took out a small plastic object from her arms.

Employee ID card.

[Are you sure?]

The camera approaches and nods.

[really?]

Get closer.

Sun Ah-hyun with a delicate expression smiled.

[thank you.]

Sun Ah-hyeon pushed the iron door.

Drurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

The door opened with a heavy sound. The camera first advances into the invisible darkness.

Gulp.

I can hear Seon Ah-hyun’s words from behind the quiet middle school.

The sound resonates with a sense of space thanks to wearing earphones.

[For coming to save me.]

That moment. Lights come on around you.

Broken concrete and half-exposed ceiling materials and broken windows in an old company building.

When I turned my head I saw Sun Ah-hyun standing there.

Gooooo-!

With a sound as if something is about to jump out at any moment lights flicker in the windows and palm prints flash and disappear.

Sun Ah-hyun nodded with a beautiful face.

And with the effect of the screen flashing…

[]

The video turned off.

“…??”

for a moment.

‘Did I choose the wrong option?’

The first homma raised his head in confusion. No I didn’t know it would end so ambiguously…

[D-7 until the next Hidden Code]

“also?!”

At this point I was at a loss.

‘It’s too short and doesn’t give any information!’

There has to be something for it to be normal.

At that moment she saw a newly created phrase at the bottom of the app.

[Receipt code\:

39T2-SH85-2QFH-60EA]

“What is this again?”

Where else should I enter it?

‘If I go back to the selection I made earlier and click Testa can I enter it?’

This was definitely fun to guess and it was tantalizing. But at the same time it was a bit uncomfortable. It was a time when she was excited and at the same time worried about the entry barrier.

-hurry; Look at this

-(link)

A message came from the smartphone on the desk.

It was a KakaoTalk message from a friend who has liked Testa since he was a graduate student.

“…??”

But… this friend knew the Testa information faster than me…?

‘She probably doesn’t even know about anonymous sites.’

I like my friends but I couldn’t believe this. Still she clicked the link with a confused feeling.

Then the official account of a theme park amusement park appeared.

[Welcome to the dreamland]

“what.”

Dreamland.

It is an amusement park franchise from Limestone a historic IP conglomerate that has created all kinds of famous movies and animations.

It’s a famous global chain so she definitely wanted to go there at least once… but what can she do with this?

‘Ah wasn’t it about Testa?’

I didn’t know if I was mistaken because the timing just overlapped. She relaxed a little glanced at the SNS screen and decided to turn it off.

And I saw the most recently uploaded post that was even pinned on the SNS main page…

[New attraction opening]

[Follow past workers and explore the building in a bizarre urban legend!]

The still image of the advertisement floating there was… a Testa running down the hallway.

“…?!”

Rides at this famous theme park.

At the attraction… there was a testa!
