---
title: "Chapter 628"
category: "book"
index: 627
section: "Chapter 628"
slug: "628"
---

# Chapter 628

Theme park attractions.

Classically it is easy to think of amusement rides that simply enjoy the experience of riding the ride from the carousel to the Blue Dragon Train.

But as I dug deeper I began to see things that combined the experience with a story.

Fairy tale magic school villains and heroes etc…

Famous movie animation games are brought to life.

The number of attractions that allow users to enter the scenario of famous content and enjoy the pleasure of an immersive experience has been increasing.

It was thanks to investment in technology and capital and it was also thanks to the theme parks of large content companies becoming a huge success and selling goods but…

“I never imagined this…!”

“Let’s calm down Yeonjoo!”

Park Moon-dae’s first home horse screamed.

On her head the alien dog headband she had purchased so generously swayed. It was a sci-fi hero movie-themed product for which Testa created the OST and made a cameo appearance.

That’s right.

The perfect place for her to buy and wear this headband now.

Wow!! Wow!

I was standing in front of the entrance to Dreamland a theme park in the land of dreams and fantasy where I could hear the screams of the roller coaster.

Because of Testa!

“But it looks really fun!”

With a friend next to you with sparkling eyes.

My friend Minso who graduated from graduate school and got a job finally used all the precious monthly leave he had accumulated over the past two months to take a four-day vacation.

Normally in this case even if 3 nights and 4 days is too much it is normal to take a vacation that fits the schedule of 4 nights and 5 days…

“It’s a good thing you came to America!”

“…huh.”

Finally we made it all the way to Florida USA.

A crazy decision to throw away a precious day of vacation on a plane just for one attraction.

It was truly crazy fan spirit.

‘…maybe even more than me.’

Minso doesn’t know much about the dark underbelly of the Internet so I didn’t know that he might actually be greater than me…

In fact she was very happy that her friend had become a fan of Mundae since &lt;Azusa&gt; but she thought she would still like it a little as a Wright fan.

I was a graduate student and I wasn’t really interested in this kind of thing.

But the fact that my friend has been supporting the same idol for 7 years… somehow made me feel heartbroken.

I can’t believe you even came on a trip just for the sake of teaching like this!

Park Moon-dae’s first homemaker looked back at his friend once again.

“…?”

“Oh no.”

I feel sad for some reason but I think it’s a bit weird to say that when you’re at a theme park.

“It’s over there. Hollywood Street!”

“aha!”

They just walked away excitedly.

Of course the destination was Testa’s attraction!

“Wow the atmosphere…”

“It’s a real dreamland.”

I purposely spent my Sunday touring the city and had a good night’s sleep so the theme park I came to on Monday wasn’t flooded with people.

‘thank god.’

However there were a lot more people than expected in front of the new attraction that had just begun service.

“oh my god.”

“It’s like a stadium on a concert day…”

Fortunately I was able to take my time and visit again later without having to wait but…

“I heard I can make a fast track reservation?”

“…no.”

“…??”

The former graduate student clenched his hands.

“Let’s enjoy the waiting!”

“That’s right.”

So they entered straight into the huge attraction zone in front of them.

Signs blinking as if they were running out of power and crackling holograms of broken streetlights.

The surrounding environment was decorated as if it were a ruined office area. And there was a black tunnel for a secret road like something out of a spy movie right in the middle.

“amazing.”

“and…”

The two walked slowly with their mouths open involuntarily at the scale and quality.

But in fact this was not a new attraction at all.

An aging classic attraction was renovated and given a theme.

So why testing?

-It was an investment issue.

-yes. It would be a waste to attach the IP of their popular movie or cartoon right now but they want to promote it when they renovate.

-So are you going to test us?

-yes.

-Uhm~… Then other than the specifications?

Even Homma didn’t know that the testers had such a conversation with each other smiled and asked for suggestions but speculations were made on the Internet anyway.

Of course I was shocked.

-why? Why is Testa at the amusement park…?

-Are you sure about the Limestone collaboration?

-Was it an advertisement for Testa Jacon? But there was no PPL sign.

And soon I figured out the situation.

This wasn’t Testa promoting Limestone.

Limestone created the KPOP idol Testa world view… and used that IP as content to make it part of the theme park!

-You’ve already collaborated with Limestone Movie once so it seems like you’ve established yourself well;

-Crazy then if you go over there you can experience the Testa Zarkon story for yourself?

-Are you sure you are signing with the American label Limestone??

Anyway there was only one conclusion.

-If it’s Limestone… the money will rot and overflow.

And Limestone didn’t hit Testa in the back.

This is because the promotion was done well.

[Infiltrate the abandoned company building]

[Become an employee of KIS]

[And explore the secrets]

From WeTube promotions to TV advertisements.

In the case of the former they even produced various multilingual versions in addition to English and launched global promotions.

The action even seemed exciting at first glance.

‘Maybe they’ll do better because the Glastonbury video broke out.’

How nice it must be to see water gushing in. I was busy promoting it somehow.

Thanks to this sparks flew even in the English-speaking world.

-Such idiots.

-It came out as a Dreamland attraction? What kind of game are these people really living in?

-So… the alien band is real?

-It’s an extension of the VR concert. As a fan of theirs I wasn’t surprised at all.

└You’re crazy too

Of course there were some anxious reactions in Korea.

-ㅅㅂThen you have to go all the way to America to enjoy this. Are you crazy for neglecting domestic fans?

But I came!

‘Hahaha!’

Homma suppressed the urge to burst into laughter and calmly recited the words with a head full of adrenaline.

“I couldn’t not come.”

“that’s right. “They only do it in the summer season!”

That’s right.

No matter what Limestone couldn’t just hand over one permanent attraction to a K-pop idol based on personal connections alone.

There must have been a purpose in the first place to create a buzz among KPOP fans so they probably wanted to make it short and bold.

‘Still it’s great.’

Homma’s heart pounded again at this incredible planning ability.

Moreover looking at the crowds and buzz the seasonal concept seemed to work well and the slightly creepy urban legend-like atmosphere was perfect for summer.

“wow…”

The sweltering heat of summer cools down in the shade.

The two entered the tunnel of the concept of a huge dark old concrete building and swallowed their saliva as they saw the holograms and blood stains flashing around them.

It was then.

“Look at that!”

“uh?”

When I turned my head I saw a street vendor selling goods that looked like it had been taken straight out of a spy’s secret file cabinet.

Employee ID card!

“Hehehe…”

My steps took off automatically. The crowd was so crowded that a line formed just in front of the street vendor.

‘It’s worth it.’

If they come in time for the opening like this half of them will be people who came to see the tester.

Of course the reality was capitalism.

“expensive!”

Testa’s conscientious price measurement could only be demonstrated when it was not a collaboration with another company.

However they couldn’t help but buy it and in the end the two people each got their employee ID cards with different colored strings yellow and black.

Of course the photo on the shiny employee ID card was of Park Mun-dae.

“Hmm… since I’ve come this far I want to live with Ahyeon too!”

“Good good.”

Homma translated the English user manual onto her smartphone as she watched her friend eagerly open her wallet to shake off the anger of a former graduate student.

“Oh I heard that if I connect this to this theme park app I can interact here? “I guess I can use it in the attraction.”

“and!! “It’s crazy.”

The two clicked their tongues and scanned the QR on the back and applied it to the Dreamland app.

Let’s see. You can replace the photo of your university with your own photo… Yeah it’s absolutely not necessary.

However there was a strange section called ‘Album Code’ at the bottom.

‘cord…?’

Homma recalled.

The list of alphabet letters that appeared after Sun Ah-hyun’s album update video which ended up being boringly short.

[Receipt code\:

39T2-SH85-2QFH-60EA]

‘no way?’

“Are you playing?”

“wait for a sec!”

Let’s enter the code she saw in the album into the theme park app…

Tiriring!

“omg!”

“Huh!”

The employee ID card flashed and English letters appeared indicating that a new function had been activated.

“The picture has changed!”

And in the photo Park Moon-dae’s neat office worker-like appearance disappeared.

Instead it opens showing a figure with slightly long hair slicked back with pomade and wearing glasses with a hologram tattoo on his neck.

AI version.

“ah…”

And a pop-up appeared.

[New interactions have been opened.]

-Available in attractions

“This… what changes in the attraction?”

“Wow look at that…”

As they looked up in a daze they saw people around them also hurriedly entering information into the app.

It seems that the true hidden code hidden in the album was the additional content.

Homma took a breath.

‘…It’s fun.’

My heart was racing because I was so excited to see what was going to happen!

After looking around excitedly she decided to run towards the attraction.

It was then.

In the dark three tall men walking through a tunnel passed by in a flash.

‘uh?’

Anyone can see that he looks like a college student on a trip…

‘korean?’

The styling somehow looked like that!

It wasn’t very often that I saw three men of the same nationality here so I was immediately interested but at that moment the men’s voices were only vaguely heard muffled by the noise.

Even if I only heard it roughly it was English.

“ah…”

Was it just because I was a KPOP fan?

She didn’t bother to look back and decided to move forward with her employee ID card around her neck.

But for some reason… I was secretly worried.

‘what?’

no. Now was not the time for this. You should enjoy this attraction as much as possible to save time and money.

“let’s go!”

“Uh oh!”

She eagerly walked back to the line with her friend.

Leaving behind Park Moon-dae and Testa.

* * *

[Even if you’re excited you keep quiet. You know right?]

Who is talking to whom?

With trembling eyes I looked at the guy wearing a dumb suit and a black fashion mask covering his face.

‘Aren’t those all Kim Raebin’s?’

Did you get permission?

The guy shrugged his shoulders turned his head and started walking excitedly again.

What you see in front of you is a sign that looks like the office motto from a modern ghost story written in fancy cursive.

“Wow!”

[Dark Creature Office]

That’s right.

This is Dreamland a theme park in Florida. Among them this is an attraction zone that uses Testa’s worldview.

We are carrying a GoPro.

It was both content and… realism and a kind of exploration.

And for this part we specifically selected only those who were good at English and could be buried without any discomfort.

Thanks to this my filming companion this time is this guy.

[The position is this way. Follow me!]

[okay.]

I stood in line with Cha Yu-jin. American local. This guy is around the 7th episode of Dreamland.

[thank you so much. I hope you have a peaceful day.]

And before you know it Sun Ah-hyun is over there buying caramel popcorn and quickly follows suit standing next to you and holding out a container.

It is shaped like a music box. It’s really faithful to the concept.

[Popcorn… You guys like popcorn.]

[You don’t like it.]

[No I don’t mind!]

Sun Ah-hyun who was wearing a hat that completely covered her face seemed to be smiling brightly under the shade.

‘This one was exciting too.’

It’s been a while since I’ve been to a theme park like this so I didn’t feel bad.

Think of it as an opportunity.

[Let’s ride well.]

[Ugh!]

[Thank you brother. Is this popcorn delicious? The price would have been Dreamland-like.]

The line shortened and the worldview began to unfold before us as we entered the building through the queue line.

This is the story we created.

* * *

Inside the attraction building.

[Please stand this way. KIS staff.]

wow.

Park Moon-dae’s Homma blinked when he saw that even the theme park employees were dressed up as AI and bought into the story.

The surrounding area was a dark basement with smoke and light leaking out from all over with the concept of a closed laboratory.

[I am not AI.]

The phrase was creepy.

However both Homma and the former graduate student were busy turning their heads in excitement.

This is because I wanted to compare it because it was similar to the scenery I saw in our own content. Especially things like messages left by members!

‘Is it rice cake? ‘It’s like rice cake!’

They kept moving forward not paying any attention to the slowly falling line.

“It’s actually nice to be able to see it for a long time.”

“huh.”

and…

[Selection process begins.]

Soon the passengers were rearranged according to the number of passengers and thanks to this she was able to walk to the next door along with the strangers.

3 men.

‘Are these the people I saw earlier?’

The three men who appeared to be Korean were standing behind them.

They were tall bowed their heads slightly in greeting and then looked away again and only their silhouettes could be seen in the light in the dark hallway.

She nodded roughly and tried to turn her gaze back to her friend.

Hmm so 5 people are riding together like this?

‘There’s nothing we can do because we’re a team of 4 to 5 people.’

Still it’s easier to be a woman but it’s a shame…

“…??”

Wait a minute.

The moment the light flashed brightly Homma almost started drooling.

‘Ugh.’

You could tell just by looking at the skeleton.

A big wild left and a straight straight right.

And… the middle man looked thin but had good shoulder and thigh bones.

‘It’s a radish bite.’

It was Park Moon-dae.

It’s impossible not to know!

Whether she was wearing a mask or sunglasses from the movie pretending to enjoy the amusement park she could recognize her idol just by the shape of her jaw line and ears…!

Why are you here…? Is there a big event like this that I can only see on the Internet? What is this dream? I’m still dreaming before I go to Dreamland…

“omg.”

“Are you okay?!”

“Uh huh.”

She realized she had stopped and quickly started walking again.

While excitedly taking pictures of the surroundings he also focused his attention on his friend who was looking back at him.

But my head is screaming.

This is reality!

‘happy! ‘I’m glad!’

Do I get an award for liking and supporting for a long time? I can’t believe it. It’s crazy thrilling but…

But…

‘Mundae… Don’t you recognize me?’

A chill runs down my spine.

Come to think of it… I was the person who went to film shoots even before my debut at the College of Arts and Sciences and after my debut I sat in the front row with a camera at fan signing events and all kinds of stages.

‘Wouldn’t that make you feel familiar even if you meet each other on a regular basis…?’

If so there was a clear possibility that Moon Dae or other members would recognize him!

But think about it.

The members came to an amusement park to play and there they encountered… a homma?

“…”

I’m not a sasaeng guys…!

I don’t want to be on the list. No I don’t want to be misunderstood!

Homma became meditative and eventually…

Deep.

“Yeonju what are you doing…?”

“Because it’s cold.”

‘Let’s not get caught.’

She boldly put a whole shark doll on her head.

A crazy painful and happy time was just beginning.
