---
title: "Chapter 630"
category: "book"
index: 629
section: "Chapter 630"
slug: "630"
---

# Chapter 630

Testa’s daily experience of a theme park employee.

Actually I had been thinking about trying a similar project for a few years but it was pushed back due to various events.

If done domestically there was a high risk of it spreading into commotion or controversy and if done overseas the investment costs from recruiting theme parks to adjusting schedules were high.

Due to the situation it was evaluated as being a bit difficult so it wasn’t listed as a priority.

‘But now it’s just happened.’

Now the timing is right.

The Testa worldview came out as an attraction at an amusement park but the people in charge work there themselves?

I mean where can you find such a hilarious situation?

“Hmm I really liked Limestone too.”

“I can’t not like it.”

So this entertainment was also scheduled to be broadcast on Limestone’s official WeTube channel not our channel.

Although it was a special edition it was scheduled to be aired on Limestone’s TV channel as an official entertainment show.

‘It’s smooth.’

Two of the team members were native-level English speakers and three or four people including me were able to communicate on a daily basis.

This means that it was not a composition that was awkward in many ways or that suffered due to the language barrier.

And it was actually fun preparing for the official filming.

“How can I meet fans there?”

…I know.

I was lucky.

“Seeing Moon Dae-moon University smile makes me burst out in laughter.”

“What are you saying?”

Even if we exclude that fuss the scene where we actually met a fan while riding an attraction will not appear on WeTube.

This is because there are issues with portrait rights and we were not able to secure enough screen time to allocate that much airing time to the preparation process.

‘If the main story isn’t interesting there may be talk of including it but… ’

That won’t happen.

We also have time.

* * *

On my way back home after a crazy big event where I met my favorite girl at the theme park.

Park Moon-dae’s Homma was really worried like crazy.

‘Are you… certifying this?’

But isn’t it because he was misunderstood and Mundae gets scolded for having sex with Homma?!

But I also wanted to publicize this incident. I wanted to let people know that my child is such a crazy person who is very devoted to his fans!

And they say the answer is surprisingly close.

“I’ll upload it!”

“Aaaah!! okay!”

A friend took the initiative.

That quick judgment really comes from a former graduate student!

And with Homma’s support my friend chose an anonymous community with a reasonably good atmosphere and uploaded the article.

——————==

[I met Testa at Dreamlandㅠㅠ]

He was covering his face so I pretended not to notice because I was afraid he might disturb me. But it turns out that Testa first saw that I was a fan after seeing the goods I bought.

——————==

I ran into a famous celebrity in a foreign country and went on an amusement ride with him.

Even the friendly and thoughtful attitude of a celebrity.

It was a unique experience that was fun to listen to and enviable so it immediately became a popular article.

-Wowㅠㅠㅠ I’m jealous of dogs

-The attraction looks fun. Did Testa put a lot of effort into it?

-I want to see Testa too.

-Ahyun’s baseball cap?? Please tell me more about the outfit so I can imagine.

With all kinds of people expressing envy and interest.

“Fuck you.”

Kim Rae-bin’s personal fan who read that article gritted his teeth.

I’m jealous like a dog!

‘Even if I go to a fan signing event I can’t be that close for a long time.’

This is all luck.

Her five organs and six parts were so tense that she managed to take a deep breath.

‘I’m really telling you Testa people to plan to attack the US.’

Even though they know that targeting overseas is important they are outraged that such recent nonsense and fan service is only appearing overseas.

And in this situation entertainment shows came out.

Even on overseas channels.

[KPOP star’s work history at Dreamland &lt;Limestone Official&gt;]

“hey!!”

Kim Rae-bin’s fans eventually ignited as they watched Testa secretly working at the attraction.

Looks fun! That makes me even more upset!

Park Moon-dae’s homemaker was screaming saying ‘Is this even the employee I saw back then?’ but this one was screaming with a different meaning.

How many gut-wrenching envious situations are you going to create?

Moreover to my annoyance… the development of the story was really interesting.

[Dreamland Staff\: Thank you for your hard work~ Excellent!]

After half a day of quick training and attraction introduction towards Testa.

Finally night opening time.

As soon as it was time for Testa to officially start working…

[Lee Se-jin\: Ah just give it to me.]

[Dreamland Employee\:…?]

Lee Se-jin accepted the work sheet and handed it over to Ryu Cheong-woo.

And Ryu Cheong-woo shouted to the rest of the members in Korean without any confusion about the language.

{Ryu Cheong-woo\: Well did you hear the senior staff member’s briefing? Me and Moon are in section A Lee Se-jin and Ravin are in section B Eugene and Ahyeon are at the ticket booth and finally Bae Se-jin is at the out gate.}

{Testa\: Yes!}

{Ryu Cheong-woo\: Go to each location work as instructed and report any problems or questions immediately.}

In response to the elegant instructions Testa returned to his seat in an orderly manner within 30 seconds and began to execute the instructions like a knife.

Perfect division of labor!

The determination not to waste any time!

[Dreamland Employee\:…!]

To top it all off the employee I was working with even applauded me during break time.

{Ryu Cheng-wu\: I guess we’ll do okay.}

{Park Moon-dae\: That’s right.}

Before two hours had passed Testa said to the theme park’s regular employees ‘You can keep working I have no complaints.’ I ended up hearing the same joke.

{Lee Se-jin\: Hey~ Our members will not starve to death no matter where they go. yes?}

{Seon Ah-hyeon\: Ugh really…!}

And Kim Rae-bin’s fans also knew why this phenomenon occurred.

…As they do all sorts of things with their own content members secretly have a part-time job to do.

An unexpected workforce!

-You’re so tough.

– Hahahahahahahaha

-No usually when a celebrity does something like this isn’t healing the focus? Testa always says wham hahaha.

-You haven’t lost your original intention when selling hotteok.

-At this level we need to take care of it urgently.

And despite all this the testers who are sweating from the unexpected situations that come their way at every moment or the testers who break through brilliantly will be the highlight.

‘I thought… ’

There was a problem.

{Bae Se-jin\: This… is harder than I thought.}

{Park Moon-dae\:… Yes.}

It’s not a physical problem.

‘They all just go to concerts for hours on end.’

The members had been working hard for hours running singing and even dancing so they stood for several hours and guided people without even blinking an eye.

The difficult thing is… the concept.

[Dreamland Employee A\: Yes please pay attention here!]

Moon-Dae Park raised his eyes and saw the staff passionately giving them intermediate training.

[Employee A\: Oh! What kind of robot are you?]

[Employee B\: This is AI for training new employees. Please follow my guidance and move.]

[Employee A\: I don’t want to wait in line? I just want to ride the attraction!]

[Employee B\: Unfortunately due to KIS regulations you may be terminated.]

After finishing the trial conversation the employee looked at the tester and smiled brightly.

[Dreamland Employee A\: Now please always answer customers from the perspective of AI the company employee in the ghost story!]

[Testa\:…]

It’s written in the eyes.

‘Are you serious?’

– Hahahahaha Park Moon-dae’s facial expression

-Cha Yujin swears with your eyes? No I have convinced myself now.

└I think I got over it with memories of Dreamland from my childhood hahaha.

-Sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss why are you being so serious hahaha

As the world’s largest theme park franchise Dreamland had a very clear theme.

A land of dreams and fantasy.

The idea is to let people come here and enjoy it as if they were transported to the world of content they create such as real movies and cartoons.

…And he also asked the part-time worker to do that.

{Bae Se-jin\: It felt like the kid was asking me if the employee robot could fly but I don’t know how to answer in English…!}

{Lee Se-jin\: Ah~ Then ‘It’s a function error.’ Well you decided to pretend there was an error.}

{Bae Se-jin\: Something… I thought it would only work on adults! Since he’s a kid I should have given him a more childlike answer… }

Bae Se-jin confused and muttering to himself over there is the living proof.

Perhaps because he was an actor he was suffering almost as much as setting the role.

{Bae Se-jin\:… Yes! Let’s say that flight is impossible due to lack of fuel!}

{Raebin Kim\: Indeed!}

[Park Moon-dae\: (What exactly)]

Overindulgence is rampant.

-Are you officially employed?

-Make sure to check if you have the 4 major insurance policies.

– That’s not possible. Bae Se-jin as an actor needs to receive payment for his appearance haha.

-Park Moon-dae’s face says something like ‘Why are you worrying so much?’

Of course here too there are members who are particularly quick-witted.

[Attendant\: Oh~ Brother how many hours a day do you spend at the gym?]

[Ryu Cheong-woo\: That’s something I don’t know. Could you please tell me what ‘gym’ means?]

Whenever someone asks a difficult or mischievous question Ryu Cheong-woo gently responds with an AI-like question.

And even a big fish like a fish out of water.

[Children in attendance\: Take this!]

[Lee Se-jin\: This is… cotton candy! Sorry but full-time KIS employees cannot digest organic substances such as candy.]

Viewers were shocked to see the child who was given cotton candy say ‘I can’t eat cotton candy because I’m an AI’.

It was even a pattern I had prepared.

{Lee Se-jin\: Hey Eugene~ What if you talk like this?}

{Cha Yujin\: Show me.}

On the screen Lee Se-jin was briefly seen holding Cha Yu-jin in the staff warehouse and checking her grammar.

It was clear that he had played several English response simulations in his head.

‘It’s terrible.’

I was holding my tongue because I thought I would really work hard at something like this but I was so good at it and it was so fun that I had nothing to say.

And the last two are close to English natives.

[Cha Yu-jin\: I never thought the day would come when I would work directly at Dreamland but yes. It’s today!]

Sun Ah-hyun and Cha Yu-jin worked as a pair at the ticket booth. Of course this requires more conversation than guidance AI.

Then filled with a strange sense of mission the two even came up with an additional concept.

[Seon Ah-hyun\: How about we… try highlighting the characteristics of each person’s accent? Where you’re from.]

[Cha Yu-jin\: You know what? That’s the craziest suggestion I’ve heard today.]

-????

-It’s an illusion Eugene.

It was made in France and made in LA.

The two people who even made a diss joke about the location of their production plant were quite funny…

‘Sun Ah-hyun can make people laugh voluntarily.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fans sometimes exploded with laughter but also looked at themselves with a strange sense of discomfort.

And the person she had been waiting for was her undisputed favorite.

[Kim Rae-bin]

In fact Kim Rae-bin who is the one watching this group’s entertainment and watching it…

[Child Tourist\: Look over there! Mr. Robot!]

Strangely it was gaining cult popularity among children.

“…?!”

Among the testers Kim Rae-bin was the strongest in Korean rather than English so the production team gave him a simultaneous interpretation in-ear device.

And they came up with a kind of extreme AI concept that allows communication to be carried out only through movements and facial expressions instead of speaking.

[Early AI]

This means that this holographic sign was floating above.

That worked strangely.

[Child Tourist\: Mr. Robot! Lift your head!]

[Child tourist\: I have a hole in my ear! Doesn’t it hurt?! Is it because it’s a robot that it doesn’t bleed?]

[Kim Rae-bin\: (moving)]

Raebin Kim changed the hologram into a smiling face and gently removed the piercing on her left ear. The kids are very naughty.

[Child Tourist\: Gaaaaa!]

It was truly magic.

‘Even kids recognize good-looking people.’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan calmly assessed the situation.

And the member who received the last portion was… Park Moon-dae.

[Park Moon-dae\: Welcome.]

In fact Park Moon-dae spoke English very well and did the work neatly according to the manual so there was not much time.

But it turns out he also has a specialty…

[Mischievous visitor\: Look at that! AI says woo!]

It’s about getting the truth straight.

[Mischievous visitor\: Hey what are you going to do when you get off work in this awful place?]

The teenager who was smirking and pointing at himself and asking questions as if he was going to start a fight was full of defiance.

It was clear that he intended to make fun of people who answered in accordance with the concept like other employees.

‘what?’

And Park Moon-dae quietly looked at the visitors remained silent for a while and then answered\:

[Park Moon-dae\: After cooling it is loaded into the staff storage area.]

There was silence for a moment.

And a smile mark appeared as if drawn on Park Moon-dae’s expressionless holographic mask.

🙂

[Park Moon-dae\: I’m sorry. This is an error. It was an incorrect response.]

Smile Mark looks into youth.

[Park Moon-dae\: I’m still cold.]

[Guests entering\:…!]

The teenage visitor seemed a little scared and flinched but eventually went to ride the attraction while waiting for his turn.

What follows is a cut of an interview with Park Moon-dae smiling.

[Park Moon-dae\: It’s easy with kids.]

“Wow.”

What part-time job country did you stay in for about 3 years?

Kim Rae-bin’s fans also held out their tongues while doubting whether it was scripted or not.

Testa’s latest theme park work entertainment seemed to be going well.

It was fun the performers were attractive and the attractions looked fun.

Additionally there was a special scene at the end.

[Attendant\: Damn it!!]

Work as a music box monster!

Originally animatronic robots were used but just once right before the amusement park closed at night Testa sneaked in instead and surprised people.

It seems like they had an ulterior motive that they couldn’t be the only ones to suffer but it seems like some members really enjoyed the experience purely.

{Raebin Kim\: It was a unique and enjoyable experience!}

When their decadent-looking idol dressed up as a ghost and did that Kim Rae-bin’s fans couldn’t help but laugh repeatedly even though they couldn’t bear to look at it with a straight face.

When I looked at the comments on WeTube there were even testimonies from the people who were actually harmed.

-That’s me oh my god!

Of course they are locals.

‘Americans will like it.’

The spark of a meme created after the Glastonbury performance which captured the image of Testa as a hard-boiled fun gambler was still vividly alive.

-There are people doing crazy things like that on Limestone Channel programs.

-You chose screams and fear rather than dreams and fantasies. It’s awesome

-So this band is in America now? Let’s have someone show us the sweetness of capitalism and make us realize that we can do anything in this country.

└lol Yes America is a country with an experimental spirit!

‘Why are you guys kicking Gukbong!’

Kim Rae-bin’s fan pressed his forehead.

She enjoyed watching the entertainment and was excited to see the reactions.

Yes the overseas response was good… everything was good.

But that was the problem.

“This is so… I think only people who know Dreamland can really enjoy it.”

This means that it was perfect to cause a feeling of alienation in people who no matter how hard they tried to attend could not go due to time and cost issues.

Especially for people who are culturally distant.

-Haha are you kidding?

-I was excited from the moment the Dreamland collaboration story came out.

-It looks like they were worried at first. They’re completely obsessed with English-speaking countries. Also it’s a meta that only treats dogs and pigs who spend money.

-How much we wanted to appeal to Limestone that we could make money like this…

-Domestic fans who continued to support are just left behind like an official haha. Oh it’s really annoying.

The reaction beneath the surface in the country seemed cold everywhere as if someone had died.

This may have been a backlash because Testa had focused on domestic activities so far.

-I was expecting it to be a hidden code in the album but since it was exclusive to Dreamland it gave me a chill… haha

It feels like expectations have been betrayed.

And honestly Kim Rae-bin’s fan himself was somewhat offended by the sarcasm and sympathized a little with this opinion.

That made me even more upset.

‘There’s a high chance you won’t be able to catch something like this!’

It’s only a small number now but it’s easy to spread.

And from the moment this tendency spreads throughout the fandom it becomes a bloody mess.

But I was even more upset because it seemed difficult to turn it over.

‘Why are you rushing to collaborate with something that is as accessible as an overseas theme park?’

Was the Limestone name worth that much? No it’s actually good but…

“Ha really.”

After enjoying watching a variety show she felt depressed and lay down on the bed.

Well anyway from a macro perspective I understand that it’s good for the value of the group’s name and it’s also good for Kim Rae-bin’s career…

‘Oh I’m in a bad mood. What should I do?’

Sighing she accessed the album app on her laptop out of habit.

[D-7 until the next Hidden Code]

The notification that had been floating around like this came back with new concept photos and a few worldview videos but it didn’t really leave much of an impression.

Anyone can see that the main attraction is the Dreamland attraction. This is because I felt like they were just taking care of the assortment.

In the end Kim Rae-bin’s fan tapped the screen.

“Give me something.”

It was then.

Tiring!

A Testa WeTube notification appeared.

“…??”

what?

But after seeing the notification more question marks lingered in my mind.

[TeSTAR – Bad Feelings Official M/V]

It’s the music video for this title song.

What do you mean?

‘Duplicate upload by mistake?’

However after looking at the title again in the pop-up window she found a new element attached to the end of the title.

[TeSTAR – Bad Feelings Official M/V (?)]

A question mark like your own feelings.

“…?”

What on earth is this?

She clicked on the notification pop-up as if fascinated.
