---
title: "Chapter 631"
category: "book"
index: 630
section: "Chapter 631"
slug: "631"
---

# Chapter 631

What is the concept of Testa’s latest song?

Suit Office Easy Listening.

Modern suit concept for adult men.

If I were to define it in one word it would be ‘I think anyone will really like it.’

It is a comfortable and sophisticated concept that will not be divided among fans and the public will accept it without burden.

-Do you like this kind of thing? &lt;- I decided to feel this way haha.

-The sound source has been around for a really long time. If it has this much staying power I think the annual ranking will also break the record right?

The goal of having people who were interested continue to consume the product and say ‘It’s great’ without leaking even a single bit of it worked.

Of course like when you press one side of a balloon the other side pops out the advantages come with disadvantages.

-Something shocking? I don’t have that feeling.

-Testa I always brought something unusual or provocative but this time it felt like I just used Jackon.

It’s a bit dull.

They say a true superstar drives everyone crazy.

The fact that there is no like or dislike means that there is no group that feels extreme mania attraction.

Avoiding risk was consistent with lowering the high point.

In addition the self-released content Ghost Story Office had a strong character as a drama rather than a concept for the song itself. In the end the independent and unique aspect of the song became more dull.

Doesn’t it just sound like an OST?

-Somehow the music score is the best of all time and the topicality is good but the song itself feels a bit less impactful? Haha.

└That’s right it’s heard a lot in cafes and on the streets but it doesn’t seem a little explosive. I thought social media would be turned upside down during the Roll the Da Water Bomb haha.

└I still remember the endless popular fancam videos…

In conclusion this means that as soon as I pressed play on the video called Raebin Kim’s fan this content immediately came to mind.

‘They were conscious of that.’

Testa did testa.

This time it looks like they used their brains again and came up with a supplementary solution.

Well then… If you add ‘intense and unique’ as a modifier to the question mark attached to the same title as the new song as if it’s something a bit different isn’t there something that comes to mind?

‘Is it the hip-hop version?’

That very self-indulgent old school hip-hop style remix that was performed at the Glastonbury Festival.

The goal may be to quell the controversy by filming and releasing a separate dance video or performance video.

Isn’t Testa always confident? stage!

Kim Rae-bin’s fan pressed his eyebrows.

“Ah… I can see clearly what they’re aiming for.”

Still it would be right to be deceived.

Attempts to show something can make me feel a little relieved.

Anyway it is said that they created such a legendary performance at Glastonbury but since it was a one-off performance in a foreign country accessibility was limited so many domestic fans were not able to see it properly.

Testa’s attempt to take care of it by somehow supplementing it was very good.

I had this thought while the WeTube app was loading.

[-]

The thumbnail that came out was a bloody spider web.

“…??”

What is it?

‘Fear again?’

When Kim Rae-bin’s panicked fan looked again it wasn’t blood but a red laser.

And the spider web is not just a spider web…

‘…wire?’

It was correct.

In the played video transparent wires with only their outlines visible reflected in white and red in the black air intersected countless times.

Everyone was exquisitely avoiding the lasers.

Meanwhile water vapor-filled droplets slid down the wire strands in the red light of the laser.

Tuk.

[Get this feeling]

At the same time the camera dropped from the top of the screen and showed a body hanging upside down below.

“…!”

But it’s not saggy.

The body which gracefully made a half-turn with its entire body straight came down and stopped in the air swallowing the recoil with elasticity.

Balance like a cat.

The wire is connected to only one side of the toe.

And a suit that fits the whole body tightly.

But it is definitely not for office workers.

The camera came down from the feet first in a beastly professional black jumpsuit that hugged the body.

A clean tall body free from dust.

The blonde hair swept back with pomade and the black tattoo and barcode on the nape of the neck are slightly reflected like holographic light.

Sun Ah-hyun hanging from a wire like a spider in a web in an elegant upside-down pose smiles at the camera.

[Then I’ll fall and fall]

“crazy.”

The sound of glass shattering the sound of a laser the sound of a siren.

The attention-grabbing notification sound is modulated to create a strangely pleasant dissonance and a heart-pounding melody.

However the rhythm and voice are relaxed with a presence.

As if walking slowly and leisurely.

[Bad feelings

follow you till the end]

Sun Ah-hyun’s appearance coming down from the air changes into the appearance of other members every second.

Ryu Cheong-woo Cha Yu-jin Park Moon-dae Bae Se-jin Kim Rae-bin…

The last one is Lee Se-jin.

He lands upside down on the black floor supports himself with only one hand gently draws a parabola turns his whole body forward once and lands in the center.

Then while looking straight at the camera he walks forward giving high fives or exchanging gestures with the members waiting around him.

A ray of spotlight pouring down.

And the moment the members form together red and blue lasers flash from all directions.

[Uuuuuuu-]

Metal earphones combined with colorful piercings flash in each ear of the members who slowly move their heads in time with the long siren-like high-pitched ad-lib.

The keyword is completed.

Wire action earphone numbering tattoo suit.

‘ah.’

Then I realized.

This was a secret agent spy concept.

As Lee Se-jin clapping his hands at the center the members silently pose in the dark.

Sejin Lee taps her earphones with her finger. A low voice that starts with a silent accompaniment with only rhythm.

[Bad-feelings

don’t get away

Think of me]

A noisy tense accompaniment followed and began to play.

The gestures made by long fingers wearing finger suits were captured in slow motion on camera.

[Oh-ohohoh]

With the siren-like sound of a police car in the background the loud accompaniment played on a slow leisurely bass.

The original song and melody are the same. But the composition is the opposite.

‘From the refrain?’

A familiar melody is distorted and hits your ears pretending to be familiar but then rushes away at will.

Like cheating.

[Bad-feelings]

In the original song it appears to show the iconic choreography using a neat and classic umbrella… but then throws it away.

[Take it with you

Take it out every day-]

Instead use it by loosening the shoulder harness.

‘You crazy people.’

Between spotlights and laser lights leather straps go back and forth between bondage and wire action showing off gorgeous and refined dance moves.

Long legs indifferently cut through the air.

Center Raebin Kim put his harness around his neck and tilted his body to the side with his eyes down.

A laser passed by the ball.

[Bad-feelings]

The music boxes and decorations on display in the background were instead hit by the laser exploding paint.

The members did not avoid the red and blue paint that rained down in a spiderweb-like parabola and was hit by it.

[Uuuuuuu-]

Extremely low-pitched ad-lib.

Cha Yu-jin smiled showing her fangs as she wiped the paint off her cheek with her thumb.

Her hair which had been covered with pomade was disheveled.

“…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fan swallowed his saliva.

Roughly speaking the story is… okay. Also seeing as the KIS logo was just shown it must be connected to the ghost story company behind the original song and its own content.

No I think that’s right.

‘Yes I heard that the world view of the ride is to release AI Testa but after that it is loosely implied that Testa became his own secret agent investigating that ghost story company… ’

But none of that mattered!

No it’s the next part of the attraction but I don’t feel the slightest bit of sarcasm. Why!

[Even when the sun sets and the moonlight falls

Unforgettable feelings]

Testa’s outfit changes once. The leather suit which looks worn and pickled by wire action is exposed more like a stage costume.

[those feelings-]

Raebin Kim’s bare back and sides were full of holographic tattoos. It was full of his Chinese signature and various music codes.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan was struck in the head.

“Are you crazy?”

okay. The suit in the original song is also a clean sexy concept in its own way. But… this one was completely blatant.

Naturally a competitor came to mind.

A simultaneous release counterpart that was widely evaluated as having a more serious concept than Testa.

‘VTIC even caught Gao.’

VTIC which had a dark fantasy concept of usurping the throne of the afterlife had a strange taste of rise like a flame emerging from decline.

In short it means taking care of dignity.

But Testa…

“It’s classy it’s cute and it’s appealing…”

It’s blatant.

Kim Rae-bin’s fans were depressed.

Isn’t it said that if you achieve something you will have a desire for fame? Don’t you want to take care of the literary narrative of the artist’s artistry and symbolism? Don’t these guys have any shame?

Let’s be honest about this naturally shameless trick.

“I like dogs.”

It was as good as a dog.

Kim Rae-bin’s fan whose taste was met hit the keyboard.

All the times I’ve been screaming at people to stop using these otaku-like concepts has collapsed in the face of taste.

Meanwhile Testa in the video changed the background and brought the choreography and song to the climax.

The story line was the same.

Now the goal they infiltrated through the wire has been revealed.

[Umumm uuuum um-]

Liu Chengwu’s distinct profile was captured briefly as he looked at something stored in a display case.

And in the next scene the blue light on the screen passes over Park Moon-dae’s long fingers as he types on the keyboard in front of a huge computer.

Searching for…

-Black Torso

That’s right… the actions of the black torso.

‘ah.’

I also recognized Kim Rae-bin’s fans.

It was said that in the scenario of an attraction where a passenger rescues Testa the passenger is explicitly set to be a fan of Testa.

‘That was expressed as a torso.’

And it was already a well-known theory in the fandom that this was the torso that Sun Ah-hyun danced with.

In other words the torso is… a fan.

‘no way… ’

And the search results are displayed as images on the screen.

The AI which was a black torso was stored here in a new form.

-Teddy bear

A small worn-out teddy bear hugging a heart cushion.

And the next scene.

[Uuuuuuu-]

Liu Chengwu who was looking at the display case climbed the wire again and disappeared onto the ceiling.

Holding an old teddy bear in his large hands.

“…”

The subtitles came to mind.

The purpose has been accomplished.

[pipipipipipipi—]

And the music video ended with the laboratory in the background exploding after a short countdown.

thud.

Just like your own heart.

Mind… like!

“…”

Kim Rae-bin’s fans had a hunch.

‘Kim Rae-bin… ’

My current life is boring.

And that day the remix sound source was updated again on the album app.

* * *

-I’m crazy

It was common for songs to be remixed for special performances at the end of the year but it was rare for a song to go this far and even release a remix music video.

Even more so when it is a concept that is so unconventional with all kinds of elements sex appeal and even fan service added.

-Are you a teddy bear lover? Are you a teddy bear lover? Are you a teddy bear lover? Are you a teddy bear lover? Are you a teddy bear lover? Are you a teddy bear lover?

└Calm down

└If you enlarge this carefully you can see ‘Loviewer’ embroidered on the heart line with wire.

└You really have a variety of things (this is the ultimate compliment)

-Did you see Park Moon-dae tearing off his piercing earphones? i saw

-Is Eugene Ignacio a cat? No it’s a jaguar. Anyway it’s a jaguar. Please give me an ad.

Excited fans began shouting to themselves on various social media platforms and communities. It wasn’t a sales pitch it was already a group monologue.

Of course it’s not like there weren’t rare times when a common-sense response came back.

It’s directly related to sexuality.

-ㅇ;Girl title! Title!!

└It seems like there was no choice but to include the story of the attraction in Jakon because I was so excited?

└It’s good because there’s a build-up. Really.

└No but ㅠㅠah ㅅㅂ Ah I want to stream it but it’s a remix so there’s a limit. Something like this should be ranked first on the music charts ㅅㅂ

Moreover since the existing sound source was closer to easy listening this was a smart choice for the sake of performance.

To put it bluntly sexual predators reacted rationally.

-No I’ll pretend not to know so make a comeback.

-Now that you have finished your grades get back to work!!!

No I tried to do that but I failed.

It was clear that there would be mixed opinions about this strong concept but the promotions were already over anyway. There were overwhelmingly more people going wild than people who expressed their displeasure.

Because it won’t work anyway.

-Please be active!!

And the response came like a lie.

[&lt;Testa&gt; Audition Application Notice]

-????

-yes?

-What kind of audience?

Suddenly a notice to apply to listen to a public music broadcast appeared.

No matter how you think about it there is only one purpose.

It meant that Testa was active in remixing.

-???? What is it

In this way Testa began its activities again on its own.

-Huh?

The fans who were shouting for activities lost their senses and were taken aback by this sudden action.

-No what are you doing? Isn’t image consumption only increasing?

-The sex room is a bit too much and I think it will make things sexually dull.

-What are you going to do if the sound source power is dispersed?

The extremely excellent sound source retention was a factor that ensured Testa’s clear superiority. There was no need to disperse and destroy it just to provide fan service.

If it’s not enough to update the sound source on the album isn’t it enough to just show it on the concert stage during the tour?

‘why…?’

I didn’t think Testa wouldn’t know!

Meanwhile I heard news again.

-Notice of Testa’s appearance on US talk show

…??

└Yes?

└Testa is appearing on an American variety show. It’s popping up in three or four places right now.

-The Testa Null D&D Show has also been announced.

└Yes?

└Huh??

It wasn’t the end.

-Hey guys we are promoting our kids’ music video at Limestone.

└????

└What on earth is happening?

It was the beginning of a true strategy.
