---
title: "Chapter 633"
category: "book"
index: 632
section: "Chapter 633"
slug: "633"
---

# Chapter 633

Testa carried out activities filled with remix songs.

-KPOP male idols who are ranked among the most popular videos in America on every talk show that airs now

– Former quarterback Cha Yoo-jin’s expression when explaining Testa’s past concepts on an otaku concept American talk show haha (Nul D&D Show)

-A famous American celebrity who blushes when Park Moon-dae sings a line of a death metal song.

“no…”

All fans of Testa swallowed their saliva as they looked at the posts that covered their social media.

Even though this is not an account for fantasizing but an inheart for networking purposes every time I scrolled through the reels a related video unexpectedly popped up.

Most of the time the story was distorted and edited in a strange way for the sake of soup or comedy but it still didn’t mean that something that didn’t exist was created.

Moreover the number of views and comments…!

-It’s usually hard for remixes to get this much response but it’s amazing haha. Even though there are only two songs they’re all good.

-Testa is a god

-Is this an angle?

-ㅠㅠWith a concept like that it would be hard not to get popular. I’m jealous of Americans. We only have 3 music companies going around for a week!

“Joe is good.”

It was overwhelmingly good!

Even those who would originally have been repulsed by such an overtly sexy concept found it strangely agreeable thanks to two factors\: ‘going abroad well’ and ‘secret agent action scenes’.

– Haha the billboard is acceptable.

-It’s old your boyfriends @sami_ha14

In addition Testa did not let go of the topic by occasionally performing a remix of the old school hip hop version he performed at Glastonbury.

Some smart Korean music shows combined the two remixes and even cross-edited them to create a WeTube video and broadcast it.

This was then exported to the United States and the short-edited In Heart Reels gained a lot of views.

– So… only Koreans were enjoying this fun thing?

-Usual me\: K-pop? I’m not interested haha

Me now\: BAd FeElInGs FoLlOw yOU TiL tHe ENd

The attached video which captures the reaction in English again is returned to Korea and Tiki Taka takes place at an incredibly fast pace.

In just three days social media users had a gut feeling.

This wasn’t normal.

-What’s going on with the momentum?

-Both Testa Remixes entered the top 10 on Spotify in the US everyone! (capture)

-Humans everywhere have a weakness for sexy spies…

-Of course the song is important but it’s a bit noisy for me to listen to so maybe that’s Americans’ taste haha.

The tastes were right and the timing was right.

The barrier to entry in the United States has become lower than ever due to the combination of the familiarity of the image of Dreamland and the curiosity of the image of it being hot on the Internet.

Testa has reached the stage where interest attracts interest.

Moreover in the meantime the hip-hop version’s 1.5x speed-up sound source became a trend on Tic Tac Tok as a challenge driving the topic again.

‘…?? They’re even fighting among themselves!’

That’s right. Some Americans were even angry saying it was ruining the song.

-How dare you ruin this famous song by speeding it up? As expected Tic Tac Tok never betrays expectations lol

-Seriously this feels like a death sentence.

-Hey this is already a remix. Why are you remixing again as you please?

As they were fighting among themselves the number of Anglo-American people snooping around wondering what was going on increased.

All of this is hot topic. Testa does not suffer any loss in this controversy.

The success of the hip-hop version remix also added up to the overall performance. In the end the music rankings gained further momentum.

-Testa Spathiphy ranking is soaring… ㄷㄷㄷ

‘and.’

This wasn’t something Testa had planned.

The attention and favor I got purely from performing well.

The abilities and options that Testa has accumulated so far have become plus alpha beyond plan increasing the success rate of this challenge. It became one wing and made the momentum go faster.

-How far are you going? Really haha.

After such a hectic few days.

“Whoa.”

She can now check Testa’s actual Billboard performance.

‘Oh my heart is pounding.’

As I took a deep breath my fingers holding the mouse trembled slightly.

Testa’s ranking.

The first prediction was 26th.

“Actually…”

Allfans typed the text with trembling hands.

Sweet.

[Bad feelings / testa ? 18th]

“…!!”

– Wow crazy 8 steps up

It was a tremendous result.

-This is my first time seeing a prediction go so wrong.

-Is it crazy to be in 18th place even though it’s a re-entry lol?

-It’s awesome really.

-Ohhhhhh

-Sales and streaming ratio is good

The fan left the comment without even being able to breathe.

-It’s a new record. I’m looking forward to the next activity.

-We surpassed the black hole record wow!

Even people who weren’t fans were excited and left comments.

Reverse driving is fun.

Moreover the uniqueness of the situation made people more interested making people curious about the ending like a sports or drama narrative.

Immediately reactions were coming from people around him!

-Hey congratulations haha @mangmang_15_q

When she saw that a friend from school who knew she was a fan had tagged her account she smiled with joy and sent a DM.

– Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha I love it

└Enjoy yourselves haha Have a great week. How about a commemorative photo shoot? If you want to do the same thing I’ll go with you haha.

└That’s next week haha I have to study.

└ㅠㅠOki-Oki But it’s a pity. Normally it’s better to go for something like this as a souvenir when the timing is right.

“…”

When I read my friend’s reply I felt something strange.

When the timing is right?

“ah.”

She read the reply again and realized.

“You seem to think your ranking will drop next week…”

There was an innocuous premise behind telling people not to miss this week when they will shine the brightest and have the best results.

However just because there is no malice doesn’t mean you won’t be offended.

The ranking could go up even higher!

‘What is Testa? It is receiving a great response from the public… ’

She began searching furiously again.

Billboard score reflects Billboard total maintenance ranking…

And I found out.

-K-pop is usually promoted by the fandom haha. Even if you get popular picks there is a barrier to entry for non-English songs that won’t last long.

-If you’re really lucky you can break through and last a long time but this is a matter of luck rather than skill so don’t expect much.

“…”

-Then is there any way to maintain the ranking?ㅠㅠ

└Well if fans keep buying a lot it will be maintained. What makes it easier is releasing remixes.

Remix.

So what I’m saying is that Testa may release more remixes and somehow move up the rankings…

‘Then I think I’ll get criticized.’

Isn’t Testa currently thriving with ‘awesome remix activities’?

‘Even if it’s a remix it’s possible because there’s a fandom’ and any room for good comments has already been blocked by that image!

I had an ominous intuition that the moment I released a remix just for the sake of getting good grades my momentum could suddenly collapse.

She planned to support Testa no matter what choice he made but she was starting to feel like this might be a bit difficult.

“after…”

Pan sighed for a moment then suddenly shook his head.

“No this is a good thing!”

There is no need to worry about maintaining your ranking or anything!

‘Let’s see Testana!’

For a while don’t look into communities or other places like that too much and just live on fan accounts.

She decided to just enjoy the fun rice cakes Testa gave her.

This was her mental management method as she was an all-fan of Testa since her eventful days.

‘Okay… Well I have to watch the swimming show with Cheongwoo and Ahyeon again!’

But next week.

[Bad feelings / testa ? 9th]

“…?!”

The ranking actually went up.

And that’s quite… no very high!!

-Crazy single digits

-What is this?

-Can this be maintained through streaming?

“Wow how is this!?”

crazy!

She was about to say anything and scream with joy but soon came to her senses and scanned the comments. I really wanted to know why!

And soon we discover something like a clue.

-Radio air supports it… huh.

Radio Air?

I immediately searched and found related information. It was a WeTube video of a music critic.

[Billboard’s Airplay score.]

[This is a score given based on how much the song was played on American radio. In Korea if we were to consider something as similar as possible it would be the broadcast scores of music broadcasts.]

ah!

[American radios tend to play music with quite conservative tastes. As a result it is difficult to score points on radio with unfamiliar genre languages. […]

‘…! I see.’

There is also a reason why it is difficult to maintain a ranking on the charts for a long time. She nodded.

but.

-The Testa Air score is pretty good?

This time her idol was an exception.

The air score has been secured to some extent. How was that possible?

‘Why the exception… ’

After thinking for a moment she suddenly realized something.

“Limestone!!”

A major American company used Testa’s songs as OSTs for their rides!

‘Isn’t their Dreamland a very familiar amusement park there!?’

Moreover the theme park was a place of dreams and fantasy. Then non-English lyrics will be accepted as a concept and preconceptions and burdens will disappear.

It was an image effect.

As it is chosen by the public its popularity is reflected in its radio play.

“and.”

The fan felt a little excited.

Although I couldn’t completely deduce everything I was able to figure it out just from clues.

Testa chose its partner Limestone as a point of connection with the English-speaking public and created a sense of familiarity that could easily be played on the radio.

A similar trend was probably seen in the OST of the Limestone movie but now the song itself is several times more powerful than that and is starting to be visible.

-This is it hahaha

-The streaming score continues to rise. Since this is played on the radio the influx will likely continue.

-Music sales aren’t slowing down either. I’m crazy. This is my first time seeing such a balance.

-Wow the Testa remix activity was really extreme but the results were absolutely standard… It’s strange in a good way.

In this way Testa succeeded in turning around once more in the second week of remix activities.

Very impressive.

“and…”

Allfan swallowed his saliva and put down the mouse.

It was the introduction of a great summer season that will come to mind even when she looks back on her history.

* * *

“Hola!”

Cha Yu-jin walked cheerfully.

After briefly exchanging greetings with the hotelier I met in the hallway I arrived at the last room in the hallway with steady steps and entered my card key.

And when you open the door.

“Heeeey! “I’m here!”

Inside the suite viewing was already in full swing.

It was an English interview medium where Testa had appeared just before.

[Cha Yujin\: Thank you for your love and support! We will continue to do what we want to do so please look forward to it.]

Cha Yu-jin grinned as she watched herself appear on the connected smart TV.

The team tradition of staying in the same room once a week when doing overseas schedules was still maintained well.

The members welcome us warmly.

“Eugene is late! Come quickly~”

“Sit down and watch TV… Um but what is that in your hand?”

“I brought this!”

Cha Yu-jin raised her hand. What he was holding heavily in one hand was a rather decent-looking bottle of champagne.

It was to celebrate the team’s activities which are showing an insane upward trend.

I can’t believe this method really works!

-It’s either Mo or Do but I think Mo is more likely to come out. Walk.

-I have a question. What is mo?

-…

Cha Yu-jin who eagerly went into the complicated rules of Yutnori and happily shouted OK to the remix activity grinned.

[I know something with bubbles is perfect for days like this.]

“Oh~”

He thought it was secretly funny that the team understood all his metaphorical words and clapped as they passed the champagne.

It was clear that my ears had been opened because I had done so many interviews in English this time.

-TeSTAR!

Explosive flashes and overflowing questions.

Even the number of questions became more diverse and the quality improved.

As a result even his dear artist friends now understand English quite well!

‘I’ll try to persuade you to use Spanish.’

He entered the living room with a whistle envisioning a beautiful future with his teammates.

Gossip news was being aired following their just-concluded interview video.

[Testa\: The Billboard comeback story of an undefinable KPOP artist!]

hmm. That’s impressive.

Cha Yu-jin took the champagne and cheese cookies and shrugged.

[I never thought there would come a day in my life when I would be ranked on the Billboard Hot 100 on one hand.]

“Wasn’t your goal only to be a K-pop singer?”

“that’s right. Billboard is not my goal. But this feels good!”

“Of course~”

Champagne clashes. Cha Yu-jin chuckled and sat down on the floor with her back on the sofa.

okay. It felt good.

The leader’s words did not dispel it but he regained some of his composure.

“VTIC seniors once topped the Billboard Hot 100 right?”

“yes.”

It was mainly due to the overwhelming fandom that it achieved first place but in some ways it was an even more incredible record.

‘It’s a declaration that there are so many people who spend money.’

Park Moon-dae nodded thinking so and Cha Yu-jin who saw that also shrugged her shoulders.

‘Well he must be thinking something as cool as it is cruel.’

It was correct.

“But we already won the one-week streaming record.”

“omg.”

“Really…?”

“yes.”

Testa who was huddled together and putting his head down seemed excited for a moment when he saw the record but soon regained his professional composure.

“But don’t expect too much. Let’s not get dragged around. “You just do what you do.”

“Of course.”

Of course Plan B has also been completed in preparation for enlistment this year.

However… Cha Yu-jin thought.

‘I have a good feeling for some reason.’

And his instincts were always right.

“We’ll see how far we can go.”

* * *

Over the Pacific Ocean.

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo sat on the private plane and looked out the window.

The world above the clouds was blue and clear.

Of course it wasn’t worth looking at for long.

“Kong.”

[king!]

Across from him was a tablet PC that was connected to calls with his family.

Maybe he’s gotten used to video calls now but the dog on the screen recognizes him just by sight and hearing.

‘The sense of smell is probably the most important for canine cognition.’

Is it the nature of animals to develop different functions depending on the situation they are in?

Just like his rival.

“I’ll be back soon.”

[Wooow…]

The video call was soon cut off.

Cheongryeo rested her chin and stared.

‘How far will we go?’

The mercilessly hot summer was reaching its peak.
