---
title: "Chapter 634"
category: "book"
index: 633
section: "Chapter 634"
slug: "634"
---

# Chapter 634

On the rise. High-altitude march.

This is when a celebrity suddenly becomes popular. If I’m riding on that momentum there’s no way I wouldn’t know.

First of all contact starts pouring in.

[Spacer Kwon Hee-seung\: Brother! My heart is racing after watching the news these days so I’m contacting you haha]

[T-holic Ha Jin-tae\: Oh congratulations to our Testa friends hahaha this is how a Billboard singer appears]

[Golden Age Ha Il-jun\: Congratulations on Testa I envy you you’re so cool Moon Dae-ya]

[Miri Nae Park Min-ha\: Thank you senior for being considerate of our schedules including entertainment during this comeback. I will cheer you on until the end of your activities. Thank you!]

Even if it is not specifically for the purpose of managing personal connections if an acquaintance in the industry is doing exceptionally well don’t you get in touch at least out of curiosity?

It was exactly that kind of situation.

Testa’s career which was already going well is showing a remarkable upward trend.

As if the overseas career that had been built up all at once exploded it covered the Internet and music sites for a few days.

“I think this is the first time since &lt;Azusa&gt; that I have contacted my relatives so frequently…”

“Me too.”

“Everyone… do you know who Sejin received a call from?”

“Who is it?”

“Don’t be surprised. “You mean the disbanded senior Jairop?”

“oh my god.”

“…That’s great in a different way.”

Anyway this is a situation where if you meet someone across the street you will get a call to congratulate or ask how you are doing.

The grades at this time where people at the company are talking about who received the most calls…

[Bad feelings / testa ? 4th place]

Just before the third week of remix activities Testa ranked in the top five.

“Gosh…”

“Let’s pray.”

Of course the number of places calling has also increased. And the more popular places you appear the more exposure your stage and songs will have and the more demand you can attract.

It’s quite fun to choose which remix to go with depending on the nature of the broadcast program.

“Well I guess I didn’t have to participate in that swimming show.”

“It’s summer for sexy concept activities. “Isn’t that why you tried wearing a rash guard?”

When Bae Se-jin remarks that it is not for him to wear the two actors look at each other and laugh.

And the voices of the staff.

“You have to go right now!”

“Achacha yes!”

We finally finished waiting and ran out to the backstage. Before that I didn’t forget to upload photos to SNS and take behind-the-scenes photos.

“Isn’t there a difference of opinion in foreign countries that we have so many piercings?”

“They say it’s cool because it’s like death metal.”

“…”

It seems like this is the season where you can really do anything.

I inspected today’s outfit by touching the replica piercings around my mouth and earlobes that were not actually pierced. It’s a bit sticky.

“Hyung you’re cool! “Don’t worry.”

“Are you coming?”

When waiting under the stage like this there is always a strange sense of tension excitement and anticipation floating around among the members.

Even if the way we feel nervous or how we deal with it has changed to become lighter this is still the same.

It may be because I still feel the same way.

Liu Chengwu looked back at me.

“It feels new but.”

A small smile spreads.

“The stage is fun.”

“…”

I tapped the guy on the shoulder.

“It seems so.”

“haha.”

Since we have committed something there is always a burden to live up to expectations.

However people who feel more fun than the burden will be able to continue working.

That’s how we’ve been spending 7 years.

“Wow look at Chungwoo’s shoulder. Eugene come here~ Let’s stick together.”

“My shoulders are bigger!”

At the end of the fighting voices a sign came out and we ran out of the open stage.

Cheers rang out.

This is the 3rd week of activity.

The first predictions for that week’s Billboard rankings were made.

* * *

The only sounds inside the hotel suite were the sounds of breathing and moving hands.

Wheeze.

Static white noise.

In it Ryu Cheong-woo moved his smartphone.

Even though the schedule was over the members who were sitting on the sofa without even removing their makeup froze in silence for a moment and waited for their mouths to open.

Next moment.

“No. 1.”

“…!”

“This is… second place.”

1st place. 2nd place. 1st place 1st place. 2nd place 2nd place…

In silence ranking predictions continue to emerge.

“…”

The gaze returned to me.

I grabbed the smartphone held out by Liu Chengwu and reviewed the score prediction method.

After another stinging silence… I opened my mouth.

“I’m not sure but yes. “There is ample possibility.”

“…then?”

I grinned.

“We can be first.”

“…!!”

“Yeaaaaah!”

“crazy!”

In an instant the room heated up with excitement and exclamations.

It was an incredible feat achieved after releasing a remix and turning things around. I also handed the smartphone back to Ryu Chengwu and smiled.

At that time Big Sejin suddenly sat down on the sofa.

“…!”

“are you okay??”

“huh? huh.”

Big Sejin put his face on his hands.

“It’s just… I don’t believe it for some reason.”

“…”

“why.”

In response to my question the sound of someone muttering in a somewhat absent-minded manner resonates throughout the room.

“I… well I guess I didn’t expect it to turn out this well. No I should say I couldn’t do it…”

The room suddenly became quiet again.

Bae Se-jin answered as if throwing a question.

“…You said that every time you take a test everything will be fine. “You said you should ride the billboard too.”

“Ah that’s it… It’s the impression I felt at the time and it’s a fighting spirit~ It’s exactly what I needed to do! “Something like that.”

Keun Se-jin laughed as if he had lost his breath then cleared his throat and adjusted his tone.

“It’s just… I didn’t want anything like this in my life. “It’s like winning the grand prize in Korea and taking first place abroad…”

“…”

“Also we just got caught up in something strange and ended up living a different life right? So if you look at it objectively…”

“If you look at it objectively?”

After a moment of silence.

“Well what about Sejin’s stardom as an idol? haha.”

He glossed it over and passed it off as a joke but I knew what he was talking about.

‘…He didn’t think his level was this good.’

That guy who always wanted to become an idol had a cruelly cold standard when it came to reality despite his dreams.

So there is a high probability that you made your own judgment.

‘Oh I guess I’m the kind of person who can achieve this level’…something like that.

Still it’s hard to believe that you can push yourself to the limit without giving up.

And the guy who had seen incredible results was now speaking quietly and with a slightly trembling voice.

“Thank you so much our members. “Thank you for testing it for a long time.”

-We’ll be fine like this right?

7th year.

Those things he said from the beginning of his debut.

When I think back on the words of the guy who encouraged team activities they felt particularly different from my usual jokes.

And it seems I wasn’t the only one who noticed that.

“Oh no! Sejin did a good job…!”

“…!”

“you’re right!”

I also added one thing.

“Don’t make me repeat the obvious again.”

“…”

Big Sejin’s mouth smiled thinly. His face was still covered with both hands.

He was a strange and foolish guy.

The moment you think like that.

“But… I think I understand your gratitude. “Me too… because it’s similar.”

Another idiot came out again.

I turned my head.

Sun Ah-hyun who made eye contact spoke softly while blushing.

“I just wanted to keep dancing rather than wanting to become a singer.”

Sun Ah-hyun who chose a place to escape instead of the dance industry for various reasons slowly spoke.

“I thought it was a position I deserved because I was inferior to the members… Of course I still think the group is so good that it is too much for me…!”

“That would be worse for me. “I wanted to act not on stage.”

Bae Se-jin who answered without hesitation cleared his throat and glanced down.

“Besides… I was ridiculously less skilled than you all.”

“Hey it wasn’t that bad.”

“Not at all now.”

“No it’s still like that.”

The guy added in a firm tone.

“But I’m not ashamed of myself anymore.”

This time he didn’t respond with a teasing exclamation. Instead a faint smile spread among the members.

Liu Chengwu also smiled and opened his mouth.

“This is my second challenge so it’s not a dream I’ve had since I was young. Um… yeah. “If you think about it that way I never thought I would come this far.”

Cha Yu-jin spoke with clear eyes.

“I knew.”

“hey.”

How clumsy?

As the members chuckled at Eugene Ignacio Cha’s remark that he had no dream of being on the billboard until just last week the guy naturally grumbled.

“It means I knew our team would do well! It’s not necessarily about the billboard. [I just believed that we would do well in any field.]”

Okay I got it.

[I don’t trust frames made by someone else.]

frame.

Testa is strong only in Korea.

Throughout our activities since our debut we have always heard that overseas are weaker than domestic.

The idea that the gap will never be bridged has already become the default among the public and fans.

And the thing that turns it around is… Okay there’s more to it than just grades.

“Success in the English-speaking world is not more valuable than performance elsewhere but it is a great joy to have achieved success in the huge music market.”

Raebin Kim added in a slightly tearful voice.

“Despite the many ups and downs… I would like to take this opportunity to thank you once again for believing in and trusting my producing…”

“Ravin’s acceptance speech was perfect?”

“huh. “It feels like my survival debut.”

Even though they spoke in a teasing way the members held hands with Raebin Kim or looked at him and smiled.

I also raised one arm.

“It was a lot of hard work.”

Turn and turn. standing here

And the gaze returns to the one person who did not express his feelings.

“…”

Me.

I slowly looked around at them and remembered. my past.

“I originally filmed kids like you performing on stage.”

“…”

“It’s better to be in between… thank you.”

“…!”

The day will come when I will not grit my teeth to succeed by somehow changing the shitty surroundings but rather be grateful for my surroundings.

Well… if you had told me this back in college I would have told you to stop fucking around.

‘You really don’t know life.’

“Then if you could go back in time and choose just one person among us who would it be?”

“I must have filmed everything.”

Because the unit price would have been okay.

I was a datapal not a homma.

But before I could say anything I was met with strong criticism telling me not to avoid the question.

“Choose just one!”

These guys.

But it soon turns into laughter.

“It’s all a joke. “Um just… we’re really grateful bro.”

“…”

“Let’s become idols together.”

I nodded quietly.

“We all thank each other!”

“That’s good.”

The guys lined up like penguins and started patting each other on the back.

Since this was happening in the middle of a hotel room not on a broadcast or backstage there were some guys who were sniffling strangely even though it couldn’t be that funny.

“Ah are we already too emotional? “What if I don’t win first place like this?”

“doesn’t care. “No matter what the numbers are it doesn’t change the fact that we did well.”

“…That’s right.”

They still gather together like penguins and talk about the current situation.

“What will the trend be like in the future?”

“It continues to rise.”

Nowadays it is difficult to find stories like ‘remixes are so bad’ anywhere.

Not only did both remixes receive meaningful responses but the song itself became so famous that factions were divided and fought over which one they preferred.

“Even our original songs have rebounded a lot.”

“Really? “It’s amazing!”

As a song rises in ranking and becomes more famous more people listen to it and more confusion arises.

As a result thanks to people trying to choose a third option with the tree frog symbol the number of people listening to the original song has increased.

“Well this might be a difficult method to use again later.”

“Of course.”

As Liu Chengwu said it is a special situation that is very difficult to schematize.

“First of all the song must be good and all three versions must be well-known. “At the same time you shouldn’t get bored or lose interest because you’re exposed too much to the same song.”

“In the end it wouldn’t be possible without Ravin.”

“…?”

“yes.”

“…??”

Raebin Kim glances back at his teammates who are patting his head. Funny guy.

“And the College of Arts did a good job timing its activities.”

“That was decided after discussion.”

I just tried to extract the maximum value that could be achieved under two conditions\: the remix summation method and the collaboration with Limestone.

However after Kim Rae-bin I only received countless showers of hands on my shoulders and head.

“I heard you did well.”

“Anyway be uncharacteristically humble Mundaemundae.”

…I’ll bear with you this time.

“Let’s work without regrets. Don’t be too obsessed with the numbers themselves. But I’m proud.”

“We also do a lot of activities that our fans will enjoy.”

“of course!”

That day we laid out our blankets together in the hotel’s living room and slept as if we were sleeping together.

“It reminds me of Azusa.”

“huh.”

Is it because the story of that time came out while making fun of Kim Rae-bin?

The night before the finals.

A few years ago when we fell asleep together in the dormitory without being sure who would debut flashed through my mind.

I heard a quiet voice from the seat next to me.

“Mundaemun University. “I said that regardless of the outcome…”

“…”

“Still I hope the results are good.”

I only answered with my mouth.

okay.

That summer.

Testa ranked first on the Billboard Hot 100.
