---
title: "Chapter 635"
category: "book"
index: 634
section: "Chapter 635"
slug: "635"
---

# Chapter 635

Summer was hot.

-No. 1 in testa

-and

-Look at the rankings now.

-No. 1 crazy hot bag

-200 degrees It must have turned while traveling in reverse.

The news of #1 spread like wildfire.

As the additional remix activities entered their 4th week Testa naturally reduced the number of broadcasts but the name value of the places where they appeared improved endlessly.

Moreover Testa and their remix songs were mentioned here and there even though they did not appear on the show.

-Don’t secret agents need cool cars? Car companies that suddenly started doing business through SNS haha (this is a story about Testa)

– These days in a blindfolded way a Testa costume comes out for every viral story.

-A piercing company came up with the same in-ear concept and then posted an apology lol.

Testa itself became a viral tool.

The Internet was more excited than they were about this situation which did not just gain attention but made them a topic themselves.

To put it bluntly it was sexual harassment.

I can’t believe it came in first place with scores that were second to none in all categories that evaluate music sales streaming radio air and more!

-A song has suddenly become a meme before but isn’t this the first time something like this has happened?

-Standard performance like that of a local singer;;

-All English articles are very favorable.

Amidst all the reactions soaring rankings and recognition…

“There are no weaknesses.”

Ryu Seo-jin the twin home of Park Moon-dae and Lee Se-jin definitely admitted it.

Testa eventually broke through his prime.

The performance is good both overseas and domestically and as if meeting these heavenly conditions wasn’t enough it also achieved a balance between fandom and popularity.

“The activity itself went well…”

The song the stage and even the singer.

All three elements matched. It was as if I had climbed through the final ceiling of a grade that seemed like there was no room to climb further.

A performance that deviates from the norm like this is bound to stand out and attract attention even if you are not interested in it.

Even more so for those who have been watching from the beginning.

-It will be difficult to film entertainment shows together now.

I remembered what my older sister said.

That has been the common sentiment of those who previously worked with Testa.

Even though he says he regrets it he subtly shows off his connections.

He also seemed a bit proud of his pioneering plan that turned out to be a huge hit in investment.

and…

-Well they were kids who could do anything.

A strange feeling of support.

Twin Homma twisted the corner of his mouth.

‘Before debut there were members who tried to kill me with evil stories.’

But funny enough she also understood that psychology to some extent.

Twin Homma saw a video of Testa playing before her eyes.

Testa still regularly uploads behind-the-scenes and personal videos to his channel and social media.

[ha ha ha!]

[I can’t draw!]

A picture drawn with a chocolate pen was seen on the shaky screen as if it had been taken by an individual member with a smartphone.

Animals symbolizing Testa are drawn with great care on the border of the whipped cream cake.

[Wow we did a good job decorating this commemorative cake.]

[that’s right. The cake made by Moon Dae-hyung is delicious but the picture is strange.]

[Eujin is brave. That’s what I said to the snack ticket holder…]

[(!!!!!)]

[Noooo!! cancellation! Cancel! Moon Dae is good at drawing!]

[This is my first time seeing Cha Yu-jin this desperate.]

[ha ha ha!]

While everyday jokes and laughter are exchanged large hands are busy writing letters with small chocolate pens.

The letters are completed on top of the whipped cream.

The phrase is… ‘I love you again this year’.

[Ta-da!]

[Ah ah don’t throw it in my face! Please protect our Testa Animals!]

[Be careful!]

The video was filmed on June 18th.

This was a video of them giggling and celebrating their debut date in a small way this year.

Ryu Cheong-woo who was on hiatus at the time was also occasionally caught on screen sitting quietly in the corner with a smile. It was clear that he had timed it well by going to Ryu Cheng-wu.

[Shall we all make a wish together?]

[Good!]

It’s consistent.

However the comments on this video were filled with comments in foreign languages more than any other time during the activity.

This was a characteristic of recently uploaded Testa content.

“…”

Twin Homma thought.

To be honest if you want to see it often in Korea it’s not a situation you’d particularly welcome.

‘I don’t get to see you often.’

Not only has the value of the name increased overseas but its status has also changed.

It was obvious that if it became popular to this extent it would stop appearing on most programs in order to reduce image consumption and increase its price.

Even if they want to the company will somehow persuade them to do so.

‘The annual plan has definitely changed.’

It may be good for them but in the long run isn’t it a disappointing direction for domestic fans?

Anyway even before Testa was a first-team team that no one could refute in Korea and they were guys who would try to do something among themselves even after serving in the military.

‘I wouldn’t have gotten into trouble just because of my grades… ’

In that case it would have been better for existing fans if this album had not been released at the same time as VTIC for no reason but had continued as is while maintaining the reputation of being ‘like the first team’…

[Um… wish.]

On the screen Liu Chengwu quietly looks at the cake and speaks.

[It’s a big performance soon. I hope everyone stays safe and can put on as good a performance as they want.]

“…”

[Let’s do whatever we want without regrets.]

Don’t you already know the result of that wish?

I knew that I had finally reached the conclusion that I had achieved with the consistent sincerity effort and abilities I had accumulated so far.

Testa’s daily life in that state was just… there was something that made people feel overwhelmed.

[Happy Birthday Testa!]

Laughter and cake were passed around along with pollen firecrackers.

[Wow!]

[Everything jumped out!]

[Oh if this (cream) gets on your face you have to wipe it thoroughly.]

[Sigh… I bite you tightly.]

[sigh]

[Hahahaha!]

Still looking at the same testa as always.

If you look at the video of Lee Se-jin reacting among himself in real time after finally hearing the news of #1 on the Billboard.

-thank you. Thank you so much…

That scene just makes me feel good.

Even yourself.

‘It’s really funny.’

Twin Homma snorted and pressed his forehead.

Whether or not other people’s lives are going well beyond the screen it has such an impact on a person’s mood. This is why idol fandom seemed so irrational and funny.

And yet he has no intention of quitting.

“Let’s make corrections.”

[2X0723 Stage #Lee Se-jin #Park Moon-dae]

Twin Homma divided the pre-purchased fancam data into neat and attractive cuts and uploaded the two people he was rooting for.

It was a time when my heart which had been feeling unnecessarily pounding as I worked repeatedly gradually calmed down.

One quote caught my eye.

Tiring.

-The person who always takes good pictures of the door… (crying emoticon)

That was the private account of Named Homma’s Sadam Yong who had been taking pictures of Park Moon-dae who had been coming across the timeline frequently since his debut.

Originally even though we were in the same home the tone was so different that I couldn’t understand it so I didn’t like him at all.

“…”

She silently clicked ‘Like’ on the post using her chat account.

It felt like it would be okay for now.

‘It’s just timing.’

Of course as many new foreigners have joined the fandom new incidents and accidents will surely occur causing stomachache and irritation.

But until then she decided to enjoy this atmosphere of harmony and success.

It is the time of fruit.

She leisurely scrolled through social media looking at the atmosphere of the domestic fandom that had surprisingly grown closer to each other and the old fans kindly providing information to new overseas fans.

Then an unexpected thought occurred to me so I tried contacting my junior.

To Data Pal who was famous for taking good pictures.

-Ryu Geon-woo are you taking a tester these days too? If there are any leftovers from what I took before please let me know.

-I will give you the best price.

He was a guy who had always had an extraordinary eye for idols so it wasn’t strange that he had put it down after seeing the popularity of idols.

And even though the KakaoTalk message I sent was clearly read the reply came only after some time had passed.

-sorry. I’ve been busy lately so I haven’t been able to take many pictures.

“lie.”

On my way home from work I clearly saw him wearing a suit and carrying a bag to the awards ceremony.

But before I could find out who typed more and how much more the next message arrived.

-Testa is still rooting for you.

“…”

I never thought I would see this bloodless tearless Danga ghost saying that he supports an idol.

‘I wonder if time has passed or if this is the time for Testa to really do something.’

…Or maybe you’ve misunderstood this junior since college.

Anyway she responded too.

-okay. how are you.

It was a very strange season.

Feeling relieved she moved the mouse and looked at SNS again.

-I love Testa. Please give me lots of photos. (Heart emoticon)

Clumsy Korean letters.

‘Inflow of foreigners… ’

I would like to directly quantify this and check it…

‘for a moment.’

She stopped using social media when a thought suddenly occurred to her.

And instead I went to a site that counted album sales.

The additional album sales during this period were the clearest indicator of a significant influx of light fans just before becoming core.

‘In the age of streaming buying an album shows the possibility of spending money.’

So if you look at Testa’s sales figures now…

[Sales\: 79627]

“…!”

Amazing numbers were recorded.

Almost 80000 copies. It is close to the daily figure for the initial release date of most groups.

Since the initial screening was already over it seemed like not many people were paying attention but…

‘no way.’

Twin Homma’s hands quickly turned the screen using the shortcut keys on the keyboard.

Then the data of the two groups whose release times differed by a few days were downloaded into Excel a date correction value was applied and the data were sorted.

The first place I saw was Chodong.

This is the first week since release.

[VTIC | Non-Cryptid (regular) | 2931713]

[TeSTAR | Badtime (regular) | 2083375]

It was a damn difference.

‘Fuck you.’

Even when I watched it again I cursed.

I didn’t know it at the time but it was revealed that during Testa’s initial launch two or three overseas group purchases were delayed due to delivery and computer problems resulting in losses.

It was too late to raise suspicions because they were focused on selling more than 2 million copies.

‘Then I wondered what to do.’

The initial release has already ended and including that the difference was close to 700000 copies.

Twin Homma wiggled his eyebrows and turned the pages.

Swish.

After the difference of a few hundred thousand copies in the initial release the sales volume of the two each day seemed similar but in fact VTIC was slightly superior.

But at some point Testa’s sales began to rise.

[VTIC | 12721]

[TeSTAR | 20274]

It was when Testa’s Glastonbury performance broke out.

‘From here meaningful inflow began to emerge… ’

Still it wasn’t a huge difference. It’s just an indirect reflection of topicality.

‘There was some reaction when the attraction came out.’

However in July Testa’s momentum which had been going up and down like that suddenly started to soar.

It’s just as we enter summer.

[TeSTAR | 45261]

[TeSTAR | 81563]

[TeSTAR | 50171]

[TeSTAR | 62872]

After starting remix activities Testa’s album sales began to rise again.

‘The graph went right through.’

Because remix songs and concept photos were continuously updated on the existing album USB people who were attracted to the remix concept ended up buying the existing album…

‘They even sold it as a set with coordinating goods so you could decorate the USB with the remix concept.’

Even existing fans who had money in their bank accounts bought one or two more tickets purely out of impulse.

But no one cared about album sales. Because the initial period is over anyway. Because it’s meaningless.

But now.

If you visually check the accumulated album sales…

[TeSTAR | Badtime (regular) | 3428611]

[VTIC | Non-Cryptid (regular) | 3387942]

“…”

The results were reversed.

Twin Homma quietly put down the mouse with trembling hands.

A long season of simultaneous releases.

-The album was taken by VTIC and the sound source was taken by Testa.

Contrary to the thoughts of those who came to that conclusion in just 15 days Testa who changed the field by racing fiercely throughout the long summer refuted that statement.

Testa won in the end.
