---
title: "Chapter 636"
category: "book"
index: 635
section: "Chapter 636"
slug: "636"
---

# Chapter 636

Now everyone knows.

July this year could easily be called Testa Month.

Amazing global music performance.

In addition when Testa’s crazy total album sales became known as the album sales continued to skyrocket there was a stir as people asked ‘How much global inflow is there?’

Of course it’s not like there were things that domestic fans would be disappointed with but…

-The kids speak English so well…

└Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Because all of these career highs were achieved overseas domestic fans suddenly began consuming only overseas content.

At least you can only see a little bit of Testa’s new Korean content in the behind-the-scenes video provided through WeTube’s own channel!

-The kids who speak English are cool and cool and all but I’m starting to miss the kids who speak Korean not behind the scenes but on air.ㅠ

-Guys how long has it been since your ghost story office Zarkon I know you have no conscience to say something like this but no I have no conscience give me Zarkon.

-Give me a body gag that makes me laugh without thinking or something like a cooking king. I’ll watch it until it dries and wears out.

Even though I thought of myself as having no conscience I couldn’t help it.

For the past few years since their debut Testa has almost always been active mainly in Korea so they have already gotten used to it.

The remix music show activity that was only given for one week has already disappeared like cotton candy washed in water by a raccoon…

-You made us like this Testa take responsibility.

Even though he was complaining happily everyone actually knew. It would be difficult to film new content right away during such a busy time.

No coming to Korea itself will be difficult.

‘If I miss the schedule a little more and take a break I’ll be able to film Jacon anywhere.’

However there was a belief that there would be a plan and that things would not go haywire so domestic fans were patient and enjoying this period in their own way.

But mid-August.

[Testa Arrival Airport Live]

-Eh

Suddenly a live preview appeared in the media.

This live preview which initially started with one media outlet spread rapidly and eventually began to be featured on every entertainment news channel.

-Testa will be arriving tomorrow morning?

-crazy

-Why are you entering the country?

-I guess this is a public schedule as if it was announced to reporters.

-Do you think they didn’t announce it early because they were afraid there would be too many people?

Still some fans had already headed to the airport.

And since the number of fans was already unusual the crowds were expected even if only a few of them showed up.

-Wow this place is already busy.

At the early morning weekday airport which was quiet due to the commotion people began to line up beyond the fence forming an unseasonably long line.

Thanks to this when the live show was turned on the crowd was visible before the tester.

-It seems like even Muggles went there but stopped when they heard a celebrity was coming.

-Wow but a lot of people went in a short period of time in the early morning.

-I’m worried because I think a lot of people went to Cheoksuni or Sasaeng Homma…

People watching the live waited for Testa to appear even though they were whispering with some concerns.

Due to the change in status over the past few weeks a strange sense of curiosity anticipation and longing had dominated the atmosphere.

-You guys are finally coming to Korea.

-I missed you.

Finally after about 20 minutes.

First shouts and exclamations began to be heard on the screen.

-omg

-Oh it’s here.

-I guess he’s coming in.

– ㄷㄱㄷㄱㄷㄱ

At the open gate a tall man wearing a mask came out through the door carrying a suitcase like a trinket.

It was Ryu Cheng-wu wearing light jeans.

-Ouch

-Ah is your form crazy?

-How do you take care of your body?

Starting with him the members passed through the gate one by one and began entering the airport.

-It’s Ahyeon.

-In this mid-summer knitwear is definitely Sun Ah-hyun haha.

-Oh I really like the dyed hair.

-Mundae ㅠㅠㅠㅠI love you Mundae really.

-Lee Se-jin’s black training suit looks really good so I’m a little embarrassed.

Most of them were cotton or jeans with a good fit and a basic t-shirt but the fun was that each member had a different look depending on their characteristics.

And the most surprising thing is that viewers recognize each personality.

-Jonjal

-Wow everyone look at your height.

– Only Bae Se-jin is dum-dum haha. He goes back and forth filming a movie so he’s used to returning home.

-Kim Rae-bin who never loses Gao and fashion anytime anywhere. Remember him. He is a real idol.

Anyway the sight of Testa standing side by side in front of the fence for a moment gave me a strange feeling.

It’s been a while since I saw ‘Testa wearing comfortable civilian clothes in Korea.’

-Nice to meet you guys.

A smiling face was faintly reflected above and below the outline of the mask.

The members greeted reporters a few times and even spent some time waving to fans.

But after just a few seconds it started to move busily again.

-run

-Hmmkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.

-Oh but there seem to be too many people.

-ㅠㅠIt’s a shame.

Even though people were clamoring that they wanted to watch it a little longer they were convinced that there was nothing they could do because of safety issues.

Still I thought it was a little cute.

Even though they entered the country cautiously the sight of them waving to fans was still friendly and pleasant.

-I guess the kids were excited and told the media that they were coming for the first time in a while right? Haha.

* * *

“no…”

“We’re in big trouble.”

I tried to sneak in but there were more reporters than ever at the airport.

-here! here!

– Mr. Cheongwoo! Mr. Ryu Cheong-woo!!

-Park Moon-dae!

“Let’s go carefully.”

“huh.”

The airport was filled to the brim with shutter sounds and flash eye-contact photos with members calling out their names at the top of their lungs.

‘When we arrived at the accommodation we were going to turn on the live broadcast by ourselves.’

My words are all leaked.

If the company had not taken an emergency response after receiving reports of the airport situation on the plane it would have been a big problem.

If we weren’t careful the article would have been published as “Is the airport photo safety issue okay?” rather than “Testa’s return to Korea.”

“wow.”

After we got out and got into the car nodding our heads like crazy several of the members even wiped off their cold sweat.

“No I didn’t even announce it…”

“I’m curious how you found out the information.”

Who would it be? A company employee who spoke out must have solved it.

‘It’s a situation that makes sense.’

Thanks to us the work had doubled or tripled and there was no way the crackdown could have been done properly while working overtime.

Thanks to this the company seems to be busy recruiting new employees.

‘It looks like he’s making enough money for that… ’

It has been a long time since I recovered the investment I made in the company.

‘I’m going to have to put that back in the car.’

Shouldn’t it be time to leave room for capital to move around?

I thought in a stream of consciousness then wiped my forehead and looked outside. The data seller who was trying to get the photos from the window was being stopped by the security guard.

‘I don’t know how to give up.’

Thanks to that the car just started.

“oh my.”

“Oh there are fans over there too.”

Keun Se-jin who was disappointed that he could not open the window and greet his fans gathered the members together to take a few selfies and even uploaded them to social media.

After that everyone sat down on the car seats.

“Hey~ It’s been a while since I was in Korea.”

“really.”

It was a proper golden return.

“We have to eat kimchi pizza sweet and sour pork.”

“That’s amazing Eugene.”

“You too are Korean.”

The faces of the guys who were bickering about where they came up with such a menu selection showed joy that went beyond fatigue.

At this moment Testa’s name is currently ranked #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was a feat achieved for two weeks in a row.

It is already predicted that he will definitely be in the top 5 next week.

“Still I like the house.”

“huh.”

The members seemed to actually feel it as they returned to their dorm after a long time.

The realization that we are now doing something ridiculous.

“…What should I say when I was working at a hotel… It felt like I was dreaming or traveling.”

“Does it feel a bit unusual?”

“…! “That’s right!”

However even when I returned to my daily life my achievements this time did not disappear.

It seemed like he really realized that.

“and.”

After unpacking their belongings in their own rooms the guys gathered around looked at each other in silence and then grinned.

“Actually… I thought it would be a bit burdensome and scary once it felt real.”

“I thought?”

“…It’s actually more daunting~?”

“Ohhhh!”

The members laughed and gave high fives.

I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel pressured by the thought ‘Is this going well?’ but I think we all have the same mindset of trying to enjoy the situation.

It was a good attitude.

“The broadcast… ah it’s on now!”

“Luvuer! We’re in Korea! Here’s the accommodation!”

“Hi!”

And the guys who had turned on the live broadcast waved their hands wildly and proceeded with their own broadcast and I joined them.

“I guess I’ll have to cut my hair soon right?… yes? “You want me to have long hair?”

“Uh huh huh!”

“I will accept your vote.”

It was a time of relaxation for the first time in a long time.

It’s not that I was particularly nervous because I was overseas but it felt a bit heavy to have to keep appealing to people who don’t know us well.

Of course I didn’t come to Korea just to hang out and make up my mind.

‘It’s time to get ready.’

After the live ended after endless goodbyes Big Sejin grinned.

“Ah I need to focus on my original intention right?”

“Of course.”

“You have to practice where you used to be to become more efficient.”

New tour.

This was a return trip to prepare for the start of this year’s concert.

“And we need to properly promote our concert in Korea.”

I also caught a domestic entertainment show for the golden return.

* * *

“What is this Testa!”

“In this shabby place the ongoing legend Globot Hotstar Space Star!?”

Usually it is considered a national rule that only one or two members appear in entertainment shows with a format but if the show goes outside the standard anything is possible.

“I’m so glad to see you!”

“I know. We are really happy to meet you too.”

The entertainers all wearing glasses and white gowns sat on a set decorated in the shape of a secret base or laboratory and welcomed us enthusiastically.

“We researchers have all been waiting for the moment!”

“Thank you.”

The title of this entertainment show is &lt;Analysis Results Revealed&gt;.

What kind of entertainment show is this weird mad scientist Comte?

“Today’s experimental data… Ta-da! Testa’s biography!”

The huge scroll pole that was hanging on the huge experimental record board behind the filming set was spread out like a genealogy tree.

Then image data organized like a map appeared.

Stage costume music video event…

It’s us.

“We’re going to see how Testa has been living so far!”

That’s right.

It is a place that pretends to scientifically analyze the past activities of the people who appeared on the show and tells you what kind of person they are like the results of a psychological test.

“The DNA we extracted from you in advance… is an abbreviation for ‘I’ll tell you everything’ right? “Anyway it’s the DNA map!”

The author here is really good at adding nonsense.

Anyway the target of this analysis is Testa and its members.

“Let’s get started!”

“Oh!”

It’s a bit of a strange method but in fact the purpose of what it’s trying to say may not be much different from other entertainment shows.

Promote the cast’s latest career and create something to talk about.

“The best singer on Billboard right now! “Wow my hands are shaking so much even when I say that.”

“Can you tell us a little about your activities? Please… I’m so curious.”

“Ah then shall we talk about this first?”

“I love you Testa!”

However the characteristic of this entertainment show was that at first they made a fuss about the current situation and said ‘They are so popular’ and then gradually went back to the past like salmon.

Like now after talking a lot about the billboard.

“Now then let’s go back on the map. “What is the test before this billboard?”

“Wow there are so many?”

It was from then on.

Testa’s stories pour out one by one as if they were falling backwards.

A VR concert that I missed for a day.

Kim Rae-bin’s unique rabbit concept intro song from the contest program that beat the fan song Eter which suddenly became popular as a New Year’s song…

Water Bomb Stage performed by Steer Cha Yu-jin

“Ah water bomb!”

“Was this an early model for this sexy concept?”

“Haha maybe so.”

As you rewind countless stories emerge.

Limestone SF movie’s OST &lt;Black Hole&gt; &lt;Promise&gt; which had an underwater stage with a mermaid concept and &lt;Travel&gt; a two-part series with a traditional concept that combines two conflicting titles…

Traffic accident and death.

“The collaboration with that mobile game also became a hot topic!”

“Ah &lt;Section 127&gt;! I liked that game. “The sniper hit Cheong-woo right?”

“Haha right. thank you.”

The stories pouring in are endless. It was hard to believe how much we had accomplished in these few years.

The mouth that answers does not rest and the hands do not rest either.

“Now then the starting point of this map is…”

So last.

“here!”

The very end of the Testa map.

A classroom with a mysterious sunset-colored image located at the bottom.

&lt;Magical Boy&gt;

Testa’s debut song.

“Do you remember?”

“Of course I remember.”

I quietly looked up at the image.

Until it was a double title.

I also remembered that we did everything we could to arrange those two songs properly and get them through.

‘I even made a PPT.’

In fact these guys even stayed up all night to help me with a task that I could have done on my own.

“I thought I was going to die.”

“ha ha ha!”

When I saw entertainers laughing I just laughed too.

I see.

‘Our map starts from here.’

Now the story of &lt;Idol Inc.&gt; is no longer mandatory.

Even the ridiculously popular audition program could be omitted in favor of the selection and focus story flow.

But that’s okay… Testa seems to have had an impressive career.

When I came up there talking about it all sorts of thoughts came to mind.

I saw the activity history of Testa which was connected like a constellation.

There were countless.

“Everyone really worked hard.”

“…huh.”

That was certain.

“And it worked out as well as I worked hard!”

That too was certain.

* * *

After filming ended like that.

I read the text on my smartphone with more thoughts than expected.

A text message arrived about an hour ago.

[congratulation.]

“…”

[I’m Korean too so let’s at least see your face.]

I replied.

[okay]

The time for settlement has come.
