---
title: "Chapter 637"
category: "book"
index: 636
section: "Chapter 637"
slug: "637"
---

# Chapter 637

From some point on every time I see Cheongnyeo 1+1 comes with this.

“king!”

I saw a dog running towards me tail wagging almost flying off its butt.

I somehow became more friendly with him because I looked into him a few times while he was in the military.

“Is it time for a walk?”

“Of course.”

This is not the cafe I usually meet every time I see this guy.

A walking path in an apartment complex that is often foggy at dawn due to geographical conditions.

This was Testa’s lodgings before he moved to another company. It is still the location where VTIC’s current accommodations are located.

‘Did you say that we only camp together during the activity period?’

It is a space used only by residents but it is early morning so there are no people and it is difficult to see due to the fog.

This means that the reason I met Cheongryeo here wasn’t just because we were both extremely busy and it was only early morning.

Cheongryeo dressed in black and sitting on a bench said.

“I think it would be better to completely eliminate the possibility of eyewitness accounts like ‘we met on purpose’ coming out at this time.”

That is correct.

That’s correct.

The group released albums at the same time and it was just before they gritted their teeth and became sexually abusive.

‘We are doing well as friends haha. There is absolutely no need to make fans feel like ‘you are the only ones fighting.’

‘Well just thinking about it makes me pull my hair out.’

And it was convenient that we knew that and didn’t have to explain it to each other.

“Wow…”

The lump of fur that was loitering in front of my lap looked at me and its guardian alternately as if asking if it could walk anymore then sat down on the floor as if it had given up.

There was a short silence followed by the sound of the dog panting.

“…”

Now that I think about it I don’t think there’s really anything to say about seeing the face.

Well it’s not awkward to think that there is something to settle things after the work is over since they released an album in such a way that they openly shoved their fists in each other’s faces…

‘I didn’t really make a bet.’

Given the circumstances I won so there was no need to laugh in my face and ask if I would accept it… There was no need to do that.

‘I am a child.’

I could have said something like ‘Why the fuck did you throw a glove on my face?’ but I just patted the dog and sat back on the bench.

That’s okay for the guy who won.

Testa clearly won.

“Junior. “It wouldn’t be strange to be very happy.”

“well.”

However if you ask whether the other person is completely annoyed that is a very ambiguous question.

“Anyway it was with the remix that our song began to achieve success in the U.S. so the timing of our activities was a bit different from yours.”

Testa’s remix activities began around the time VTIC’s comeback activities ended.

It means that the timing was slowly misaligned.

Flames burn only when firewood is added consistently and the same goes for firepower.

‘After about a month of worrying and the MT variety show was over Aggro was no longer appealing as a simultaneous release.’

The final straw was for both of them to appear at Glastonbury.

Doesn’t modern society get tired of comparing people for months on end and talking about who won and who lost?

Besides we should have done well.

I heard that even though it is occasionally talked about on the Internet it is just summarized along the lines of ‘This year it’s Testa Remix’ without causing any controversy.

It would be correct to say that it is a victory in the true sense of the word. but…

“You got everything you got.”

After being discharged from the military the refreshing fandom gathered together became a hot topic in Korea.

There has been quite a bit of new influx for VTIC so if they make a good next album the momentum will be maintained.

They must have known that they would lose out to us in terms of music anyway so the unexpected loss from a head-to-head match was… I guess it was just the popularity of Glastonbury.

‘I actually got the honor of being the headliner.’

So overall speaking.

I thought this real-time match would be a zero-sum game where the winner gets everything but when I actually played it it turned out to be close to a win-win for both teams.

…Suddenly I remembered what Cheongryeo said a few months ago while filming an MT entertainment show.

-This is a moment that will never come again so we need to cultivate it and use it well maintaining balance with care.

“Have you seen this far?”

“well.”

Cheongnyeo just turned her eyes and looked at him. The corners of the mouth under the black hat slightly turned up.

“I didn’t think there was a chance I would lose… let’s just say it.”

“…”

I chuckled.

Well should I say thank you for not looking down on me?

I turned my attention to the dog. The dog rubbed its face on someone’s ankle. It tickles.

“I ate well thanks to the plate you prepared.”

“…”

“How do you feel?”

“It’s not bad.”

The guy clenched his chin.

“It’s too much. “I was always worried whenever my junior suffered a loss.”

“Are you serious?”

“sure.”

I shook my head and he laughed.

‘There’s nothing we can do.’

He’s basically like that.

The atmosphere calmed down. As if sensing the change in attitude the dog got up and started playing with its front paws alone. There’s going to be a hole in my pants.

“He appeared in the MT variety cookie video.”

“They said they really wanted to use Kongi. “There was also a dog that appeared in a variety show in your group.”

“Munggeada.”

“hmm?”

“Her name is Munge.”

“is it so? “I thought you didn’t memorize your dog’s name because you always called him dog.”

“…”

I declared that I would call Cheongryeo’s dog by name… no Kongi.

“haha!”

This guy is laughing so hard I’ll just look at him for today.

“I heard you’re preparing for a concert.”

“uh.”

We chatted while sipping electrolyte drinks at a corner of the trail until the fog cleared.

Nothing was settled but it was organized.

It was more comfortable than I thought.

* * *

‘okay. It was okay.’

Cheongryeo finished reminiscing about the day she spoke with Park Mun-dae.

-VTIC has not suffered any losses.

That was the conclusion from the early morning conversation.

but.

‘Because feeling it is a different matter.’

waiting room. Cheongryeo did not move even as the brush passed around her eyes and only moved her eyes to check her surroundings.

It was not a matter of public opinion.

It is a morale issue felt within the group.

Walking while others are running means falling behind.

The pressure of knowing that a song released by a male idol in the same position at the same time was better than theirs.

The company’s employees often praised and admired VTIC’s results as if they were feeling repulsive but the noise was contrived and harmed the atmosphere.

‘I should have warned you not to act like this.’

It appears that its functionality has declined as it has not been used properly until now.

‘This time’ VTIC has never had any difficulties due to sexual issues.

We have never been pushed out by another group nor have senior or junior groups in check caused any significant damage or loss of fans.

There was a huge incident where a member withdrew from the group but it was an accident and a disaster. It means that if the activity was canceled it would be okay but I have never seen failure with my own eyes.

In short VTIC was internally dealing with a sense of defeat for the first time.

“…”

Cheongryeo suddenly came to an unfamiliar realization.

‘This’ VTIC.

That expression is not appropriate. There will be no need to take turns anymore.

The life of endlessly reloading bullets and replacing them like consumables is now over.

All that remains is one bullet that has already been fired.

The trajectory and results will remain here.

Never disappear forever.

Also with defeat.

“…”

“I.”

As the stylist left the member sitting next to him opened his mouth. It was a casting.

“I heard that your brother met Mr. Moon Dae.”

Chaeyul sitting across from me smiled out loud.

“Oh Udan do you want to meet Mundae too? “I also want to see your face these days.”

“no. It is also an old saying that it is better to meet face to face. Communication technology has developed so much. “It’s more economical to save money.”

“Our youngest is very smart…”

Chae-yul who suddenly woke up nodded.

Shinno on the other side spoke up.

“Mr. Moon I hope you are in a good mood. “The tester went really well this time.”

“that’s right!”

Meanwhile the stylist returned and heated the metal body chain with a hair dryer one last time.

Weeeing-

When the noise of the dryer fills the air and the conversation is briefly interrupted.

after.

That slightly sad sigh quickly disappeared.

And when the chains were finished and only the members were sitting on the chairs again.

“actually…”

Chaeyul muttered in a low voice without raising her head.

“I told the testers that we would work well together but I thought we would win.”

“…”

“I just… Ah! “I was just unlucky!”

“A little.”

“My youngest is really scared…”

“But I also think it’s natural.”

Judan said tying the body chain around his neck.

“Originally humans are animals that think based on what they experience.”

When Testa debuted they felt sorry for the newcomer who released at the same time and naturally predicted victory.

Because they could always win if they tried their hardest.

That sense of inertia was something that had developed over several years and had become a natural part of the team.

So shock when emotions were broken was inevitable… At least that’s what Judan thought.

Chae-yul answered in a slightly overwhelmed voice.

“Thank you so much Udan. We have all these conversations! “If you feel that way too…”

“Oh I’m not.”

“…”

“I have a habit of always assuming the worst. “I’m always mentally prepared.”

The members were shocked.

“Is it still okay?”

“No isn’t that too extreme? Udan let’s practice loosening up a bit… Let’s all worry together…”

This is it.

“well. “Think about it at a more appropriate time.”

The waiting room became quiet.

Cheongryeo grinned.

“Now might not be the moment.”

“yes.”

The members closed their mouths and quickly stood up without saying a word. That quick-witted appearance was no different from when they debuted.

Yes same as always.

“Ah our relief!”

Even if the feeling of defeat is vivid the slogan does not change.

“V-Tik is winning again today Victorious!”

Cheongryeo turned his head.

The light from the stage was leaking out.

“I have to go out.”

September.

This is the opening day of the postponed Coachella.

Wow!!

In the midst of a huge crowd already heated up by previous performances.

On a stage where dry ice is blooming.

I go in without even saying hello.

[Coming up next… VTIC]

The electronic display board turns red.

A group dance like a wind band using dozens of dancers and a performance that used an old flag as a screen to tear it apart were performed like a beast.

Waaaaaaaaa!!

And the group dance involves walking on a huge flagpole with torn fabric and falling onto the stage.

The pleasure of exploding fireworks and a live firecracker band pierces the audience’s peripheral nerves and elicits enthusiasm.

Coachella filled with fans who successfully purchased tickets boiled like lava and radiated heat like steam.

Chaeyul runs out and sings the chorus while Judan doubles from behind and Shinno makes use of the gestures.

The faces are overflowing with excitement and enthusiasm as they forget all the conversation in the waiting room and are completely immersed in it.

‘yes.’

Everything was in its place.

[Look at the Serpent]

Cheongryeo stared at the audience.

How many times have you turned everything into nothing before even realizing defeat?

At some point he forgot the feeling of defeat and lived.

And the ‘feeling’ that I cannot avoid now and am facing…

Wow!!!

It was nothing.

Nothing has changed.

The cheers the audience and the members.

The stage continued.

[Venomous teeth

Poison penetrates into the heart]

Cheongryeo took a deep and slow breath.

And then I raised my head.

The taste of defeat was better than I expected.

* * *

[VTIC Coachella headliner’s historic stage]

“oh.”

On the screen there is a center cut of Cheongryeo putting her hand on the in-ear.

It was like a photo shoot or something.

“Good response.”

“Ugh.”

I can see the competitive spirit in the members’ faces as they look at my smartphone but there is no longer any sense of anger or frustration.

“We’re doing Coachella next year!”

“Okay~ But before that let’s prepare hard for ours first.”

Big Sejin grinned.

“5 minute break is over!”

“Ugh.”

“under…”

Bae Se-jin who was lying dead on the floor wriggled up.

There is no time to rest in the waiting room preparing for the concert.

‘after… ’

It was time for me to stand up and hold back my sleep.

Suddenly my smartphone started beeping loudly.

“…!”

“what’s the matter?”

“for a moment.”

I checked the name that popped up and immediately raised one hand to stop practice from resuming and took the smartphone.

It was force majeure.

[Ryu Geon-woo]

It’s a big moon… Park Moon-dae is making a phone call?

‘He’s not that kind of guy.’

I answered the phone without delay.

-brother!!

‘hey.’

A voice burst out. My ears will explode.

Fortunately the voice was happy and bright. No almost filled with joy… What?

-I passed!

“Congratulations.”

Congratulations are expected when you pass. I asked after giving a reasonable reaction.

“But what?”

-oh.

Perhaps because he realized that no explanation was given a shy exclamation was heard over the phone.

Okay now let me explain…

-I passed Orbit Enter!

“…?!”

-Brother’s company! Testa company!

“…??”

“What’s going on… Moon Dae?”

“Mundae-hyung’s eyes are twice the size.”

A person who wasn’t even introduced came into the company on his own.
