---
title: "Chapter 638"
category: "book"
index: 637
section: "Chapter 638"
slug: "638"
---

# Chapter 638

Big month… Moon-Dae Park was accepted to Orbit Stars Entertainment.

So to our company.

-Actually I prepared in advance! Since this is my first time putting it in I thought it might fall off…

He explains things in detail and I understand what he means. He said he wanted to do it on his own without my help so he was going to talk about it after he was alone.

-But it stuck! I’m stuck!

And I’m excited that I succeeded.

Thanks to this guy with a good voice the guys around him realized what was going on and started to intervene.

“Wait a minute Gunwoo you’re joining our company?”

“Ohhh! Congratulations BM!”

-omg?? Oh hello. thank you!

The choreography practice room became noisy. If things continue like this I will be assigned to a special position through my internal connections… No this is not important.

I remembered something important.

What he said after being rescued from the mountain a few months ago.

-I don’t really know what to do and I don’t really know what I want to do.

We said we would find out together what you wanted to do.

After that I constantly heard about this guy’s experiences trying various things to live his life.

Then when we had a day off during our activities we would sometimes meet up and hang out.

-Um… bro what kind of work do administrative positions do in private companies? No I’m curious about what happens at your company.

Sometimes we had partial consultations like that but it seems like he was really talking about getting a job at our company.

‘Did you try to achieve the goal you set without relying too much on it?’

He asked me for advice on this matter but did not ask for my consent. Doing this yourself was a very positive sign.

When you think about it that way it’s a bit amazing.

I smiled faintly and talked into my smartphone.

“Then I’ll see you at work soon.”

-yes!

“Which team are you joining?”

Let’s see if this guy is the part of the team currently in charge of Testa…

‘Planning would be good and management support would be good.’

Since you will be able to use English quite well global marketing will also be good. Either way there is time to do paperwork and public affairs in the first place.

Management often hires younger people but if we speak well there are also transfers there…

-Rookie development!

“…??”

Not in charge of testers…?

“new man?!”

“Hey don’t you work with us?”

The guy on the other end of the phone is startled by the members’ voices.

-Ahh. Yes I actually thought about that too…

The voice became quiet as if avoiding eye contact.

-I felt like I was being too selfish.

“…”

no.

-If the reference check reveals that I am a Testa fan! It could be cut…

“What are you talking about even having a daily manager?”

-ah.

The voice on the other end of the smartphone stopped as if he was remembering what he had done when his body changed but soon picked up speed.

-That’s what my brother did…!

“Even if I did it the record would remain Ryu Geon-woo. And have you forgotten that you are Cheongwoo’s relative?”

-her…?

I heard a stupid sound.

‘Oh my.’

I pressed my eyebrows and then burst into laughter.

Done.

‘It would have been nice if it had stuck.’

No actually it was put in well.

The management side is very old so it is difficult for people in their 30s or older to join a new company unless they are recommended by an acquaintance.

If I had put it there this guy said he would join the company fairly without any help from his older brother but then his documents were cut and he said ‘I guess this isn’t the path for me.’ I could have said the same thing.

There is a possibility for the planning team as they come from a business background but I don’t know if their career as a civil servant would be very helpful as a portfolio.

AR is a team of professionals so I pass.

In the end it was a good idea to put him in a somewhat unique position in this company which has no rookies yet… developing new talent.

There is a high probability that people from various occupations were selected here.

Usually this is subdivided into management casting and planning teams like the artist team but it looks like they haven’t even gone there yet.

‘Because it’s a relatively new company there may have been thoughts of wanting to make it fresh and unique.’

In particular it is a new agency with a fixed artist personality and has a lot of money so it can select people based on factors other than industry experience and personal connections.

But a 7th grade civil servant? I would like to send it in for an interview as a test if only out of curiosity.

therefore.

“Still you put it in well as you were competitive.”

-Really?

“okay. So it stuck. Congratulations.”

-yes!!

I rubbed my chin while listening to his bright voice.

furthermore…

‘It’s better not to mix too much with Testa.’

Isn’t it best to find what you want and try it?

However if you work with us it will be difficult to tell you if something difficult happens at work later.

It didn’t seem like a very desirable thing for Testa content which I used to relieve stress and enjoy as a hobby to become work.

Especially for someone who is just starting to build his own life.

“Yes it’s great that you caught on!”

“Congratulations!”

– Thank you.

Amid the congratulations Liu Chengwu also added a word in a gentle tone.

“Then you are raising our competitive group.”

…?

-… yes?

“Wow that’s right~ Wow then later on he appeared with the rookies and said ‘Our kids are supposed to debut this quarter. Is this a Testa comeback? ‘Put it off!’ “Could you say the same thing?”

-no! No!

“Haha! “I’m kidding!”

A burst of laughter and voices echoed through the practice room. I saw him relieved that his break time had increased but I pretended not to see him.

Anyway greetings are exchanged with new employees in a warm atmosphere.

“Whenever I see you at work in the future… I hope we can say hello and have a conversation…!”

“That’s right~ We have affection again!”

– Thank you…

As expected of a guy who even signed up for a fan signing event Geundall seemed thrilled with Testa’s response. Funny guy.

As I looked at the scene with a chuckle one thing suddenly occurred to me.

This guy is a current office worker.

“Are you a civil servant?”

-I have to resign!

“…”

I got this position after studying so hard for several years because I had a condition that would kill me if I didn’t pass.

A tremendous benefit called self-development leave. Fixed job in Seoul at an iron rice bowl where there is no chance of getting fired.

Quit being a 7th grade local government official in Seoul and join a small and medium-sized entertainment agency…

‘It’s okay as long as you’re happy.’

You can take care of your own life and live happily. He has money so it will be okay. If I have to I can at least take care of the house.

I nodded without making a noise.

“okay. Organize it well.”

-yes!

The guy who answered with an excited voice must have felt that he was taking up too much of our time so he hurriedly began to say a closing greeting.

-Then if you run into each other at work in the future make sure… Oh that’s right!

hmm?

The guy suddenly hesitated and lowered his voice.

-Hyung I mean… I got hired by the company. Because it’s a good thing.

“Oh is there anything you’d like to receive as a souvenir?”

-…

‘oh.’

I thought you were going to scream that it wasn’t there but it turns out it was there.

I spoke calmly to the guy who couldn’t bear to speak and was silent.

Considering this guy’s personality there’s a high probability that we’ll have a meal together or something like that.

“Speak comfortably. “What is it?”

-Well then…

The voice became extremely quiet.

-I need tickets for this Testa concert.

“…”

-That ticket… failed. I couldn’t even get a cancellation ticket because I was busy preparing documents and interviews… ugh.

The voice was desperate.

“…I’ll send it to you.”

-Aww thank you!

I decided to give him the invitation that was assigned to me.

The members looked at me with warm faces with Big Moon’s voice shouting gratitude and cheers as if it were some sort of spell in the background.

“…?”

“no. “Because it’s nice to see.”

Sun Ah-hyun smiled and opened her mouth.

“I think it’s my first time seeing a liberal arts college give me an invitation.”

ah.

‘I usually give it to my family.’

That would be correct. The members mainly gave it to their families so parents siblings and sometimes even grandparents often came to the waiting room after the concert.

I just… I didn’t have anyone to give it to so I either returned it to the company or handed it over to an employee.

I look at my smartphone again.

I don’t know if I’m writing this after several years since my debut.

“Can you send me 4 copies?”

-omg?? no?! If it’s just one piece…

“okay.”

I could send you two copies.

-thank you. Thank you bro!

“what.”

I will have to send it in the future when I get the chance. I hung up.

“Mundae’s expression is nice.”

“…”

Ryu Chengwu patted my back and returned to the center of the practice room.

Funny guys.

“Well thanks to Mundaemun University you took a long break right? A big comeback!”

“yes…”

We also took our stance accordingly.

As the opening music of the concert rings the scene naturally comes to mind.

Is it because we just talked about concert tickets?

“Left foot in front of the gate!”

I quickly adjusted the formation.

“yes!”

And as I followed the breathlessly choreographed dance break a thought suddenly occurred to me.

Even if I send 2 tickets to Geoldal I still have 2 tickets left.

“…”

Originally I would have returned it to the company but…

Back at break time I thought for a while and sent a text.

Attached is a photo of the concert ticket.

[If you are going to come come.]

After a hot summer it’s autumn and harvest time.

Testa has finally entered the harvest concert of this activity.

* * *

A few days before the concert.

“Awesome.”

It’s a real ticket!

All fans were trembling as they held on to Testa’s concert tickets that had arrived by courier.

Surprisingly the ticket was given to me by a social media friend.

That SNS friend who briefly made his account private that day posted this.

-Is there anyone who still hasn’t gotten tickets to Testa’s concert? ㅠㅠ

The moment I saw it I thought it meant to lament together. This person seems to have been busy with his life and hasn’t been on social media for a while!

‘You said that ticketing failed… ’

You even decided to keep it private because you were lamenting it. Thinking like that she also cried and commented.

-Me… me… ㅠㅠ

Let’s lament together cheer up shake it off and then watch the live broadcast online!

I thought that kind of conversation would continue.

Suddenly a DM arrived.

[That Malang Star. I have another ticket this time… so if the time for the first con on Friday is okay I’ll send it to you!]

It’s crazy.

All fans of Testa were holding their breath and typing frantically on their smartphone keyboards. Even though my fingers were shaking I was alert and didn’t make any typos.

[Thank you so much. What should I say? Is this real? Where can I make the deposit?]

[Haha it’s okay if you don’t send me money.]

“Ugh??”

[It’s an invitation!]

And the invitation really came.

‘I checked my ID a few times in case it was a scam targeting my address… ’

As much as she felt sorry for all of that her social media friend gave her this gift.

I could have uploaded it publicly received sharing and pleas from countless people and handed it over as a transfer.

‘I really want to give you something really… ’

Maybe you’re sitting next to me? I wanted to muster up the courage to speak up and have a late-night snack together after the concert. Or I’d like to give you a snack!

‘I have to take it with me!’

But on the day of the concert.

She found her seat at the concert venue in a daze and stood there.

“Here’s your seat…”

Seat close to the central console on the first floor.

I thought about it from the moment I checked the area with my ticket but the location was really good.

but.

‘You didn’t use a light stick or a slogan…?’

The people sitting around her seemed to be enjoying the concert and cheering them on but they had a strangely Muggle feel.

Besides that.

‘Seat next to me… ’

Next to him was a tall man wearing a hat.

Even at a glance Shadow Jin Ha-gwan looked handsome and seemed like a celebrity…

All fans sat in their seats and stared intently at the front of the stage where no advertising VCR had yet appeared feeling like they wanted to close their eyes.

I couldn’t bear to turn my head.

‘It’s an official seat. here!’

I was happy but it was so burdensome that I felt like my heart was going to burst.

‘Where are you Big Moon!’

Where on earth did you get this ticket?

For reference the man sitting next to me. Ryu Geon-woo’s situation was not much different.

‘You were a high school student!’

Yes

The SNS friend who received an extra invitation to Testa All Fan Keoldal who said he fell in love with &lt;Magical Boy&gt;… was a high school student.

If you calculate it it is when I was in elementary school.

‘&lt;Azusa&gt; was only for 15 year olds?!’

…With such internal screams they began to wait for the opening of the concert.

An incredible festival that will blow away all your thoughts.
