---
title: "Chapter 639"
category: "book"
index: 638
section: "Chapter 639"
slug: "639"
---

# Chapter 639

“Did a lot of people come?”

“There are a lot.”

Big Sejin smiled and stepped aside slightly and the audience was visible through the window behind him.

An astronomical number of people up to 50000 people filled the huge space at Jamsil Main Stadium.

Wow-

With the cool wind blowing at sunset beyond the open window all kinds of excited sounds resonated and reached here.

“…”

It’s spectacular any time you see it.

“I remember. During our first concert Ravin and Yujin secretly went outside and pretended to go to the bathroom. “I came here because I was excited because there were so many people.”

“Ooooh I remember!”

“It was fun…”

Raebin Kim muttered blankly.

At the first concert it seemed like the thrilling feeling of being excited about a solo concert that I had never experienced before had come back.

Now that you have already experienced what that feels like the adrenaline rush will increase.

‘Do I want to eat the taste I know more?’

I’m no different. I looked out the window and took a deep breath.

It felt like hormones were surging all the way to my head.

“Then let’s get ready…”

“Wait a minute!”

Keun Se-jin suddenly intervened.

“We have to provide relief~”

“ah.”

“okay. “It’s important.”

The members stood together laughing.

Originally they put their hands together in a typical fighting stance but starting from this activity they are all close together with their arms draped over their shoulders.

Slogans pass among the guys who bow their heads and put their heads together.

His voice was stronger and more serious than usual as if he was just before the finals.

“Tester shows something today.”

“…”

“yes.”

I felt a strange sense of tension and excitement among the guys gathered together arm in arm.

Breath temperature.

And stand up at the same time.

“let’s go.”

It was the beginning of the concert.

* * *

Testa Allfan who was sitting in the officials’ seat and waiting breathlessly wiggled his hands.

‘I should just be excited.’

Although the high school student was excited he was swallowing his saliva due to the pressure of his surroundings.

Officials.

Even the handsome (presumed) celebrity sitting next to me.

‘no. When it’s over it’ll be a really fun memory…!’

He tried to ask on social media where Big Moon who gave him the ticket was but there were so many people that the internet didn’t work well.

‘phew… ’

I’m just glad I pre-connected the new light stick.

She turned the light stick on and off without meaning to. There was a small newly purchased employee ID keyring hanging around.

The person next to me was also touching something but I thought this person was pulling out a light stick…

It was a camera.

“Hmm.”

The high school student who made a noise without realizing it almost screamed when the person sitting next to him turned to look at him…

“Oh it won’t interfere with the viewing.”

His tone of voice was surprisingly kind.

The high school student swallowed.

“Oh no.”

During the performance there were some hommas and data dealers who acted unmanneredly in the name of filming such as standing behind the backs of general audience members and arbitrarily placing a bag on someone’s shoulder.

However the camera held by the person sitting next to me was small so it did not seem to interfere with the viewing and there was a strangely less tense atmosphere.

‘It looks like the official is taking official photos for some use.’

I was only half right.

‘Because I was allowed to!’

Big Moon thought proudly. I even got permission from my brothers!

-It’s okay as long as it doesn’t disturb the audience.

He could not have guessed that Park Moon-dae would use his photo publicly to shield him but in any case Geudal clearly remembered the proposition that ‘as long as it does not interfere it is okay’.

‘It’s small… I have to secure it and place it on my lap carefully so that people around me don’t mind.’

Of course Geudal knew that he had no talent for photography.

‘Sigh… ’

Moreover once the concert actually started there was a strong possibility that I would forget everything and not be able to take a single photo just like before.

But I still wanted to continue.

‘Because my brother did it… ’

The memory of his younger self dropping out of high school which he struggled with while watching videos taken by his older brother was still vivid within him. Even if I didn’t have that talent I wanted to find out.

About how my brother felt while filming this.

“after.”

Geundal Park Moon-dae took a deep breath and finished checking the camera with Ryu Geon-woo’s body.

We also took care of the light sticks that were well connected to the central control and now there was not much time left until the concert started.

But there was something that bothered me a little.

‘There’s still no one.’

The seat next to his left was empty. No one with a ticket came.

Could it be that he didn’t come after receiving the ticket? I knew that this kind of thing happens frequently from the people involved. Still I felt it was such a waste and even a little resentful.

There were so many people on social media crying because they were desperate for that seat!

‘It would have been better for fans to see the concert rather than for people who don’t know that earnestness.’

But before he could even glance at the empty seat next to him.

The surrounding lights turned off.

“…!”

At the same time that the lights that brightened the audience’s view disappeared the advertising video also disappeared from the electronic display board. Where the light disappeared the band’s accompaniment began to play.

And the sentence that appears on the central electronic display board.

[See you in the epilogue]

[by TeSTAR]

Fireworks and cheers erupted.

“ah.”

It comes out.

Big Moon held his breath and opened his eyes wide and looked straight ahead.

Testa’s theme for this concert is Epilogue.

It seemed to mean that it was the final version of a story that continued through games and VR and even attraction remix activities.

He felt someone finally come in and sit down next to him but he had no time to worry about that anymore and focused all his attention on the VCR.

The majestic orchestral band music died down and a comfortable-looking attic and the soft sound of a piano filled the background.

7 scattered cushion blankets.

And the warm small lights of light bulbs.

[…]

It seemed to be the background of the world view video where Testa was playing a board game together during the album.

But now the seven members who were gathered together are no longer there. Seon Ah-hyun was the only one sitting there.

In the middle of the day where dust reflects sunlight Sun Ah-hyun quietly organizes a board game.

The slightly brushed screen illuminated the high school yearbook that had fallen in the corner of the attic. Even the post-it notes stuck on it.

-Let’s play again!

-Stay in touch even after you graduate.

The members got older and graduated so it seemed like they couldn’t come back often to play games.

Sun Ah-hyun stopped organizing the board game.

The camera took a close-up of the side face.

[If we could meet again.]

The camera comes down and shows the board game.

[Here we go again.]

The screen is sucked into it.

“…!”

The image that was sucked into the board game like a roller coaster passed through the blue and red graphics as if passing through a warp and bounced back into the attic.

Sun Ah-hyun who was watching the board game looked up.

The attic was no longer empty.

[So… board game? Let’s play a TRPG?]

[oh my god.]

[Why does it look fun?]

From the grumpy Cha Yu-jin to the embarrassed Lee Se-jin and Ryu Cheong-woo trying to lighten the mood.

The small room filled with seven testers was crowded.

It was the first day that Sun Ah-hyun called them.

[So… are you going to play the game?]

[huh.]

[Have you played many games like this?]

Sun Ah-hyun raises her head and looks at the audience beyond the electronic display board.

[huh.]

Big.

Geoldal heard his SNS friend cover his mouth next to him.

Meanwhile the VCR screen moved and the camera showed the members’ faces one by one.

[Okay okay.]

The members grin.

[Let’s have fun.]

The last words sound from the turned-off electronic signboard and the stage lights turn on.

Pick.

The huge golden ‘Epilogue’ lights up and the gear-shaped stage equipment moves magically together.

A situation where the only background is the noise of the machine operating.

A voice rings out without accompaniment.

[Bad Feelings-!]

Aaaaaaaaaah!!!

Argh!

The electronic display board opened and 7 testers came out along with numerous dancers.

Wearing a fancy white suit appropriate for the concert.

“and!!”

As in the original version the opening stage opened like firecrackers exploding through majestic and splendid orchestral accompaniment.

[Even when the sun sets and the moonlight falls

Unforgettable feelings]

My heart beat every time the electronic display board was filled with faces.

A face full of immersion enthusiasm joy anticipation and determination shone. Just like the characters in the fancams previously filmed by Ryu Geon-woo.

No even more than that!

[Touch your hand

My tape is cold again!]

A selection of songs that will keep you going!

[Let’s Start the melee]

Cha Yu-jin comes out and a new dance break is added spectacularly from the center.

Ugh.

I could hear something from the right whether it was a scream a groan or a cheer. Even while I was in a trance I thought it was a really good idea to send in the remaining tickets.

‘brother! I think I wrote it really well!!’

[Just roll the dice!]

He was shaking his lightstick enthusiastically while watching his older brother synchronize the dance on stage and felt his knees move along with him causing even the object he placed on them to shake slightly.

‘Ah camera!!’

Fortunately it was working. The song ended while he carefully placed the camera in place.

Meanwhile I couldn’t take my eyes off the stage.

-Wow!!!

A loud and refreshing cheer rang out in the hot outdoor stadium.

It was so loud that I couldn’t hear it it felt like it was going to explode but when the members held their breath and grabbed the microphone again it subsided again like a lie.

[Hello Loveviewer.]

hi!

Argh!

Ahhhhhhh…

As indescribable personal comments and cries were mixed in the audience became quiet for a moment and then burst into laughter.

Testa also shook his shoulders and shouted cheerfully.

[Welcome to Testa’s concert!]

[thank you! Let’s have fun!]

A shout that threatens to explode again.

Testa quenched his thirst with water hastily handed to him from below and continued speaking.

[We have tried many interesting and unique attempts. I want to give you a variety of pleasures.]

Testa certainly had a unique theme for each concert and often used strange items or new technologies.

Geoldal recalled that opinions on social media were divided about whether a VR option would be released this time.

[But this time it’s a little different.]

“…?”

[I wanted to impress you the most with the most fundamental thing.]

Among the testers who exchanged meaningful glances Raebin Kim lifted the microphone with sparkling eyes.

[Yes. This concert… was filled entirely with our songs and stage nothing else! Add as many sets to the set list as possible!]

The origins of concerts.

The joy of listening to songs I know!

Raebin Kim’s words felt somewhat overwhelming so cheers and shouts erupted from the audience again.

Big Sejin smiled loudly and waved his hand.

[Now it will run with almost no torque. All the songs you know will be played really!]

‘and!!’

Crazy shouting again. Hearing that sound Geudal felt an enormous internal conflict.

Should I see it with the naked eye or should I at least take a picture while looking at the camera properly…!

So it was time to fiddle with the camera with a pounding heart.

“Would you like me to listen to you?”

“…?”

When I looked next to me someone was sitting next to me.

The person wearing the black hat and black mask was… Cheongryeo.

“…?!”

I… what did I just see?

Another face also wearing a mask suddenly popped out next to Cheongryeo.

“Uh hello! It’s him. How have you been?”

“yes yes…?”

It was Chaeyul.

Big Moon’s pupils trembled.

Why is VTIC here…?

Geoldal took a deep breath having never imagined that his brother would have voted for VTIC but in fact it wasn’t such an unusual situation.

Since the two companies were tied together with capital and became a kind of ‘same line’ the public would be convinced that the concert was visited as a kind of business.

But at this moment Big Moon’s embarrassment surpassed all that.

‘And why why my camera?!’

Cheongryeo whose face was hidden in the shadows next to her was still pointing at her camera with her eyes wide open.

Even without looking he seemed to be smiling softly.

“…”

It was a little scary. vestige.

“It’s okay.”

“yes.”

Cheongryeo gave up but Keundagul swallowed and quietly turned his gaze to the stage.

On one hand I have a SNS friend who is a high school student.

The other is my older brother’s rival idol.

It was a fantastic spot to distract attention…

‘Ugh.’

However when you realize that this is a concert hall such things become really good thoughts.

If you look at the idol holding the microphone on that stage.

[Let’s go to the next song.]

Big Moon looked straight ahead again in a daze.

Tester Park Moon-dae standing on stage smiled and wiped the sweat from his temples without a care in the world.

The concert had only just begun.
