---
title: "Chapter 640"
category: "book"
index: 639
section: "Chapter 640"
slug: "640"
---

# Chapter 640

As usual for the first concerts on weekdays the sky at the concert venue which started in the evening was already dark with a red sunset.

But under that sky the concert hall was getting brighter and hotter.

Wow!!

The same was true for audiences who were not directly sitting in the audience right now.

-ㅠㅠAh I’m so excited.

-Wow what is the atmosphere?

Online viewers.

At one time Testa was part of a company that did not provide real-time streaming so there was a time when we only watched poor quality videos or recordings secretly filmed by audience members but that is a thing of the past.

Since moving to the platform Testa has provided real-time broadcasting of every concert even VR broadcasting.

It was the same today.

The first day of this concert was even a streaming day.

Various netizens who were interested in and liked Testa were gathered together in their respective communities and SNS to watch it in real time.

-This is my first time seeing a concert.

-I also bought a light stick haha. It’s amazing to see the light stick on the VR screen.

As if living up to those expectations Testa poured out a flurry of latest promotional songs and world-class performance songs as the opening.

People went crazy every time the high notes and performance exploded.

-You’re a crazy bitch.

-Wow this is it haha.

-I want to go to the scene.

And in this state of admiration and response the moment Testa’s talk about ‘the set list is complete’ came out the atmosphere was once again aflame with anticipation.

-Whahahahahahahaha

-Look at the facial expression. Hahaha elated.

-It seems to be filled with only real songs.

-I don’t think it was a waste of money for those who went.

-Are you just fans enjoying it? Let Muggles enjoy it too. Even Muggles know the Testa songs. Instead of pre-registering concert seats please leave some for the general public as well.

└Dog laughㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

But the people who were laughing and talking stopped the next moment.

After finishing the talk Testa burst into the back of the stage waving his hand and the backlight came on.

Silhouettes reflected in white fabric.

-Oh that one.

The shadow of Testa standing or sitting somewhere loomed.

And the props… chairs and desks.

-classroom?

A warm light came on on the gear wheels on the stage ceiling and they moved together.

I heard the sound of the film rolling.

Click click.

[When I was a child.]

Narration by Yujin Cha.

This is a voice recorded by Cha Yu-jin under emotional direction which could only be heard at the beginning of her debut.

It doesn’t have a free bouncy accent like usual but it feels somewhat static.

The childish yet calm voice speaks a nostalgic English narration.

[When I was a child I always returned home before the sun set.]

[There was no night with the moon in that daily life.]

[And now]

[Looking out the window from inside the classroom.]

Every silhouette looks towards the sky.

Above the darkened outdoor concert hall.

[The sunset was setting.]

A sound as clear and refreshing as a music box rang through the speakers in the concert hall.

The sound of water rolling in the air like a drop of water.

A familiar melody that everyone knows.

♬♪♩♪- ♬♪♬♪- ♪♩-

-He’s a magic boy.

Lights came up in all directions like a pink red and yellow sunset against the backdrop of the purple sky where the sunset still remained.

People looked up as if fascinated by the perspective of the streaming cam that captured the stage in the exact center.

The white cloth on the stage goes down revealing a silhouette that looked like a shadow.

Boys sitting at desks in the classroom.

[I met you tomorrow

I think about it all today

[I dream as blue as the day]

After all this time they are still in their summer clothes.

The sight of them smiling singing walking out on stage in formation and doing choreography was already the same hair color and style as when they first debuted.

Those faces when they were just meeting the public.

-Cha Yujin’s pink hair… That’s right she had pink hair when she debuted.

It felt strange.

When idols sing songs that are several years old they usually use remixes or new arrangements.

As time goes by singing techniques and dancing methods also change during the growth process.

It can’t be the same as it was back then and it’s just a stage to reminisce about the memories we share together and feel appreciation.

But Testa on stage now… was the same.

[All that time

Maybe I needed it

The magic to the future

So I]

They were accurately reproducing the singing techniques and movements of the time.

Clearly as it is.

Those feelings and gestures with little technique and honest strength instead of leisure appeared on the stage again.

Testa’s growing skills were used to bring the ‘ideal’ &lt;Magical Boy&gt; stage that remained in people’s minds by selecting only the best version into reality.

-ah…

-I somehow miss it.

A strange feeling comes to mind.

As if I had gone back in time. People thought of themselves at that time on that stage.

-I secretly watched this every day at school haha.

-When Sun Ah-hyun’s soap bubble appeared I stayed up all night editing it and it was fun.

Even after the &lt;Magical Boy&gt; stage ended those feelings did not end. Because the next stage continued.

Cha Yu-jin who was sitting at the desk smiled and got up from her seat.

[High five~]

-High five!

-I wanted to see a high-five in a magical boy uniform and I finally got to see it…

-Wow that’s right I imagined this feeling.

-Finally ㅠㅠㅠ

A bright and cheerful song that moves you emotionally.

Even the slightly childish and strange lyrics that can no longer be seen remain the same.

The natural continuation is &lt;Airplane&gt; which has the same high school concept. A stage of bright and transparent firework-like colors decorated the dark sky.

And for a moment a red cloth came up behind the stage where the members had disappeared as if they were chasing a paper airplane.

After that dancers came out and a silhouette performance was performed using shadows.

As if fighting a war the shadows overlap fall and at the end of the fall a red cloth falls revealing a half-destroyed classroom.

-Baramy!

-This is a game collaboration.

-127 sections!

In the darkened atmosphere Testa burst out as if breaking a window and spread out onto the stage as if advancing on the fierce and smooth band music.

[Ashes to ashes dust to dust

But NOT for me

I live like that

[Legends never die]

It’s so passionate.

There are almost no cover songs or solo unit performances which are usually a few songs at a concert.

The 7 people were filling up the stage and showing the trajectory they had traveled so far on the stage.

[The day finally came

Come!]

After a while.

Against the backdrop of a red full moon with the silhouette of a wolf howling a silhouette shooting a long bow cuts through the shadow of the full moon and is placed on the side stage along with the sound of exploding firecrackers.

-Oh I like dogs.

-I think it’s still my favorite concept…

-At this time the light is fanned.

Even online viewers were immersed in the performance unable to get up from their seats as if it were a live performance as the VCR was kept to a minimum.

The speed is such that I can’t hold back my overwhelming heart and just write a few words of appreciation!

That feeling of enjoying a song you know on a stage with a lot of people. Even after the stage was over and the next stage came right away people were excited by the joy of hearing a good song come on.

-Are you crazy?

But there were also people who thought of it in a slightly different way.

* * *

“Wow that’s crazy.”

“Huh?”

Orbit Stars Entertainment headquarters.

Heeseung Kwon who was dozing off while sitting in the artist lounge suddenly came to his senses. In front of him he saw members of his group Spacer concentrating as if they were being sucked into the smart TV.

A concert is being aired on TV…

“Billion Testa Concert!”

“Is Heeseung awake?”

Kwon Hee-seung felt his sleep slip away.

“Hey I’ll call you when it starts! “How much did you miss?”

The members who were staring at the screen as if fascinated waved their hands. As if there was no time to answer that.

In the end Kwon Hee-seung beat his teammates on the backs and found the concert set list himself and soon his eyes were twitching.

What is this?

“Hey the lineup is crazy?”

In addition to the title and promotional songs Testa was pouring their heart and soul into showing them all the songs they had heard on the annual chart.

As a junior in the same industry I could almost understand why he seemed overwhelmed by his career and ambition.

Kwon Hee-seung already watched the past performances with great appetite.

You missed it.

‘It must have been really fun.’

He couldn’t go today because of his schedule but he nodded and said that he should go and enjoy the concert tomorrow as a company opportunity.

I also became greedy.

‘…We also want to do a performance like this someday.’

However while thinking about his concert and looking back and forth between the set list and the screen Heeseung Kwon suddenly noticed something strange.

“…?”

wait for a sec.

“…There’s no break time right?”

“therefore!”

Only then did the members turn their heads nod their heads vigorously and scream.

“Right now the VCR only comes on once and you’re just performing on stage?”

“Isn’t this really crazy? How are they doing this?”

The reaction was so intense that I even forgot to call my senior.

And Kwon Hee-seung was also confused!

‘Uh…!?’

The VCRs and unit stages installed throughout the concert stage were not just for composition and production.

Don’t singers also need time to change their outfits and catch their breath? This is for minimum stamina management and tempo distribution.

Especially if it’s a performance like Testa where the choreography is intense and you have to perform like crazy live?

First of all you must be able to rest for 10 minutes every 30 minutes to operate normally…

Right now Testa was only making time to change clothes.

And that’s only once every four or five songs.

“…?…!!”

While Kwon Hee-seung was looking at the screen and the set list one of the group’s composition members clicked his tongue and muttered quietly.

“If it were me I would really collapse.”

* * *

“Huh.”

I leaned my arms against the wall and pressed my head against the wall.

I felt like my lungs were going to burst.

Someone barely patted me on the back. He seemed to be asking me if I was okay but it seemed like he couldn’t even open his mouth.

I just nodded and lifted my upper body.

“Respiratory system!”

The ventilator honestly doesn’t help much. Still it’s better than nothing.

I felt someone take off my sweaty coat and then change my clothes after a hand wiped my face.

‘It’s not even a newborn.’

But it was all agreed upon in advance. It’s not that I didn’t know this would happen.

Someone might ask how on earth you plan to tour with this set list. What if something goes wrong like this?

‘It doesn’t fly.’

I replayed it several times.

Even if my condition is bad I persevere. There is no one who can’t stand it.

“…”

To save stamina even the most talkative guys in the group didn’t say a word.

Shoulders and arms heated to the point of steaming from excessive exercise collide with each other but no one cracks a joke.

That actually made me believe it.

‘let’s go.’

We stood on the stage lift again.

There is still time to reach the climax.

* * *

‘It’s crazy. It’s crazy… ’

All of Testa’s fans held the light stick so tightly that it broke.

A light appeared on the stage in front of my eyes.

Because I was constantly shouting and shouting cheering slogans my voice became hoarse in a short period of time.

Every song the members performed was very familiar to me and I actually wanted to see it on stage so I was constantly in a state of dopamine overload.

‘I feel dizzy… ’

As Allfan took a deep breath something suddenly popped out from the seat next to him.

“…?”

It was a small unopened bottle of water.

Some company must have given it out as part of an event before entering and there was a sign saying something like ‘Watch the Testa concert and drink deep ocean water.’

“Thank you.”

The person next to me wearing a hat nodded nodded slightly and looked forward.

Olpan reflexively opened the water and drank it and realized that he was very thirsty and his vision became clearer.

Thank you…

‘Ah my snacks!’

Taking advantage of that opportunity All Fan tried to hand over the snacks he had brought to the seat next to him but the VCR had already finished playing on the stage display.

“Huh!”

All fans almost waved water bottles instead of light sticks but managed to change them and held their trembling hands as they stared at Testa appearing on stage.

The smiling Testa was wearing the lightest clothes she had ever worn and looked very happy.

[hello.]

Wow!!

All the fans also cheered generously for the cleanliness friendliness and pleasant feeling of running around like that and performing like crazy on stage.

It was a tester who took the microphone after an hour. I thought it was a leisurely time to fill up the time by talking.

[You all know this song right?]

yes!!

[great.]

I like it too…

All fans waved their cheering sticks while looking at Ryu Cheong-woo stroking his hair.

A similar scene was taking place throughout the audience so Testa who was enjoying the cute sight waved his hand.

Then Park Moon-dae looked around at the members smiled and grabbed the microphone.

[But. Actually I only included one song that you may not know…]

Uh huh?

[This is the song I’m going to tell you right now.]

[It’s a new song.]

What?

Before the fans even showed a standardized reaction.

The members on stage lowered their microphones and dispersed to stand in their respective positions.

‘what…?’

I was puzzled for a moment.

A transparent wrapping paper-like device protruded from the stage floor as if to surround the members.

And it formed a hemisphere like a protective shield.

“…!”

[I’ll go now.]

A soft melody began to flow.

In it the transparent hemisphere carrying each member of Testa rose into the sky from the stage floor like a drone or hot air balloon and began to move.

Go over the standing seats and go this way.

“…!”

It was coming toward the audience!
