---
title: "Chapter 641"
category: "book"
index: 640
section: "Chapter 641"
slug: "641"
---

# Chapter 641

The audience held their breath and turned their heads.

The huge Jamsil Main Stadium.

Idols holding hand microphones all over the concert stage are floating above in transparent stage equipment…

“Minha!”

“ah.”

Mirinae Park Min-ha quickly took off the VR device. Member Seong Ha-rin who shouted into her ear a few times said with a relieved face.

“We should go to practice.”

“Ugh.”

Park Min-ha looked a little disappointed but quickly erased the expression and turned off the device.

Seong Harin asked.

“Uh… were you watching Testa seniors’ concert?”

“huh? Umm… right.”

It was a question that was nothing new.

All Mirinae members were interested in Testa’s concert itself. Especially since it is a concert of an idol who has become ridiculously popular recently.

Since it’s the same company they may use similar formats so isn’t it worth monitoring?

However there was no need to show that I was watching intently in real time.

‘For idols friendship with the opposite sex is risky… ’

There is no need to give room.

Since I was interested in a hot anime I could have gotten caught up in a useless misunderstanding so the members I wanted to monitor made a tacit agreement to watch the VOD later on their own.

So Park Min-ha just stopped real-time monitoring without saying anything but the screen she saw just before started to flicker.

Transparent devices floating into the air on stage carrying each member of Testa.

‘That was earlier… ’

The members who were preparing at the entrance just happened to say something.

“Now that I think about it I think I heard that those seniors were using some kind of cutting-edge technology at their concert.”

“that’s right. “I heard you took orders for over two months to build that machine.”

“really?”

“Yes yes.”

“Wow that must be really amazing! “Two months?”

Jeong Yul-gi’s reaction was so good that even members who were not interested in this topic asked as if their ears were interested.

“What exactly is it? “Is this a stage setup?”

It was right. Special stage equipment.

Park Min-ha recalled Park Moon-dae’s voice being heard through the open door of the conference room while passing by the company not long ago.

-I think there will be a demand for this.

It must have been during a meeting about the concert.

By that time it was already rumored in some parts of the company that Testa had filled this concert entirely with songs.

‘That’s it… people will like it!’

Park Min-ha herself also remembered being convinced.

At concerts isn’t such a packed performance usually considered ‘worth the price of the ticket’?

However audiences are people and people have different value judgments.

-I wanted to see more of these kids talking and talking in real life.

-I feel like I just keep watching the stage without any connection.

The stage can also be accessed through the Internet.

In other words the audience wants to feel a special sense of intimacy and presence when they meet the singer ‘in person’.

That’s why Testa considered supplementary measures up to that point.

A device that can provide a special ‘connected’ experience to the audience while filling it with only songs.

“It’s a machine that can go right in front of the audience.”

* * *

Intermittent screams erupted here and there at the concert hall at intervals.

‘Uh huh?’

Testa’s all-fans blinked.

I love how the stage setup carrying the members rises into the air and gets closer to the audience. I saw a video where the members on the wire sometimes come close to the audience.

But… it doesn’t stop.

[Umm umum Um-]

Testa got closer as a soft humming sound echoed through the venue.

The hemisphere’s stage setup which looked like a small hot air balloon balloon or soap bubble was now so clear that Inyoung’s entire body on it appeared larger than her finger.

It doesn’t stop there it grows as big as your hand and eventually takes up as much space in your field of vision as the light stick in front of you and comes this way.

louder.

Close.

Until you can see the detailed outline of the face.

“…”

The hand holding the light stick trembled.

Eventually Allfans came face to face with a member who was slowly passing almost in front of them.

Sun Ah-hyun smiled softly and waved her hand.

“Sigh.”

Pan held his breath because he felt like he was going to hiccup.

In fact directing that approaches the audience was already common at concerts.

The protruding stage is a representative example and various methods have been tried such as passing in front of the audience in a so-called trolley car or secretly hiding in the audience in a hot air balloon and then getting up.

However most are satisfied with reaching a reasonable audience. This is because as the theater grows the physical limitations and safety issues also increase.

But the problem is overcoming it.

The floating stage device which was fixed to a wire and maximized stability came right in front of the audience and allowed them to actually see the member raising the microphone.

“…”

Near the end of the soft melody intro.

A member stopped in front of him.

Allfans couldn’t even breathe when they saw Park Moon-dae making eye contact with them.

A white face with slightly long hair covering the nape of the neck.

A voice rings out.

[Stay here-]

Clear vocalizations passed through my whole body in abundance. I got goosebumps like a lie.

The lyrics rang in my ears.

[A deep story

flows between us

I’m so immersed in it that I want to draw a spray of water]

Park Moon-dae passed by and Lee Se-jin passed by smiling brightly and extending his hand.

Inadvertently the hand that came out to greet me passed right in front of me as if they were touching each other for a high five.

[Even if you clap your hands

no sound

Put it deeply in my heart]

Liu Chengwu smiled making eye contact with each of them. Bae Se-jin looks seriously into the eyes and sings with all her heart.

The pre-chorus changes key and goes up alone.

[The wave is gradually

Loud and clear]

Cha Yu-jin sits down on the stage and playfully makes eye level with Kim Rae-bin who carefully examines the audience one by one with a serious face.

Face those faces face to face.

[To cover the whole world-]

The bass and drums fall gently and the sound rushes through the body like a wave.

[Stay

I’ll be here

Just like this just like this

A promise that will not change]

The members visit various parts of the audience without missing a beat. The carefully planned route was not missed.

Even on fast-moving stage sets the voice does not waver.

What is captured on the electronic display are serious faces.

[Stay

On difficult and tiring days

Come and lean on my shoulder

[To rest]

The light stick was centrally controlled and colored in three colors the symbol of Testa.

The members looked back at the electronic display board for a moment and laughed at the sight which looked like a flower garden in full bloom or a light festival.

He looked really happy.

It was a very special experience for everyone there to feel that overwhelming feeling together.

‘Guys… ’

However there are some people who cannot share their feelings while watching this scene.

People who aren’t there right away.

-i envy you…

-Oh I wanted to go in person.

Online viewers were watching this performance with a slightly bitter feeling.

They felt a deep sense of alienation and were drenched in sadness muttering things like ‘This is why I have to see the concert in person’…

-uh??

[Always]

In front of the VR filming device.

Park Moon-dae quietly set up a stage set in front of him and looked at the camera as if looking into his opponent.

[I cherish it

I’ll hug you tightly

The moments we spent together]

As if he could see the audience beyond.

The eyes look here.

-ㅅㅂㅠㅠㅠ

-I feel like my heart will drop

-Wow what is it really… ah it’s a strange feeling.

-ah

The number of comments that had grown explosively has suddenly subsided.

It was as if our eyes met and we were truly at a loss for words.

[All as memories]

Soon the stage setup of him looking into the camera also comes to mind again.

The accompaniment picked up again.

[Stay

I’ll be here

Just like this just like this

A promise that will not change]

Like a beautiful natural phenomenon at the moment when flower petals or starlight form a certain pattern Testa now sang while floating on the stage in a semicircle.

As the protective gear-like upper part came down raw voices burst out into the surrounding audience.

And the members also looked down.

To the standing seats right in front.

[Stay

On difficult and tiring days

Come and lean on my shoulder

[To rest]

The light stick was shaking.

[Stay]

Because the distance was difficult to gauge lights twinkled all the way to the empty auditorium which looked like the Milky Way.

It’s hard to believe that there are actually people there even though I’ve only seen their faces up until now.

[Beyond the time in your heart-]

Park Mun-dae thought.

I created this situation by making plausible and reasonable statements regarding the balance of the concert and meeting demand.

[Stay]

In fact it may have been you not the audience who wanted to know the other person.

-We know that there are definitely people up there but what we see is the movement of the light stick.

-Yeap I’m curious.

-… I just want to see it with my own eyes.

The words that came out of the members’ mouths may not have been much different from their own thoughts.

-Then let’s go see it.

A high chord explodes like a firecracker.

[Stay-!]

A spectacular fireworks display explodes with musical accompaniment.

Pak.

A feast of light decorating a completely dark sky.

A drone passes through them and depicts the lyrics of the song like a lyric video.

Fireworks exploding in the sky.

And the lights of the light sticks twinkling on the ground as if reflecting the image.

[Stay here-]

The song closes with a beautiful chord.

The members of Testa returned to the stage with a long lingering a cappella performance to the melody of the piano without accompaniment.

Every electronic signboard was filled with the faces I had just seen.

Park Moon-dae is also smiling cheerfully.

“…”

For some reason Allfan’s eyes almost got watery and he managed to sniffle.

“Sigh.”

You make sounds out of your mouth unconsciously. The sound was a bit low but it was because my throat was hoarse from screaming so much…

“Sniff.”

“…?!”

It was a sound made by the person sitting next to me.

When I turned my head to my surprise I saw the man sitting next to me burying his face in his hands and slightly shaking his shoulders.

Anyone can see that he is in the same state… even the camera is shaking on his knees.

‘The car camera is going to fall!’

She noticed that Testa was not on stage for a moment and quickly searched her bag.

I also received bottled water so that’s about it!

“Over there.”

Then he carefully took out the tissue and held it out to the side.

“…!”

The person next to me was startled and slowly took some tissues.

Although the sound is hard to hear the presumed actor(?) nodded his head and said ‘thank you so much’ (probably) and seemed to be covering his eyes and mouth with a tissue.

‘uh… ’

She felt a sense of familiarity so she guessed that the person sitting next to her was also a huge fan of Testa so she asked someone in charge for an invitation.

‘When the timing comes I’ll give you a snack.’

My heart warmed and the tension of being in the official seat eased a bit. She boldly turned her attention to the stage again!

…By the way a similar scene was happening right next to them.

“Hyung this is touching…”

“…”

Cheongryeo did not bother to criticize his member who was easily impressed even at his rival’s concert.

Instead we crossed our arms and briefly reviewed the previous performance.

‘You’re smart.’

They performed a spectacular performance-oriented performance but the mood changed all at once.

It was smart because even a new song that is unfamiliar to the ear would be emotionally imprinted with this kind of production.

It was an experimental attempt but the budget was well spent.

but…

‘I might not have calculated that far.’

So it seems like it was a better number.

“Let’s invite testers to our concert too…!”

“hmm.”

Cheongryeo briefly laughed at Chaeyul’s words and then turned her focus back to the stage.

The concert was coming to an end.
