---
title: "Chapter 642"
category: "book"
index: 641
section: "Chapter 642"
slug: "642"
---

# Chapter 642

A thrilling new song performance where the singer approaches right in front of the audience.

From that point on Testa’s concert stage which entered the latter half of the concert was gradually moving to the latest song as if the current was getting stronger.

[Spin the wheel

[To go to your dreams]

The members all sing together an arranged version of Beautiful which Park Moon-dae performed alone at the last concert continuing the exciting atmosphere but then the tempo suddenly increases as it changes to.

And although the melody is bright and refreshing the performance is extremely spectacular using water.

Representative songs poured out without stopping.

After being driven by the powerful Haitai concept the beautiful accompaniment and voice make you feel absorbed.

[Black hole

[Let me swallow it]

Raebin Kim’s slightly husky vocals in the last chorus were met with cheers and cheers.

Testa paid more attention to song placement towards the end.

It was exquisite to alternate between emotional famous songs and performance songs that would make people cheer like crazy so that no one would faint or lose concentration due to physical exhaustion.

‘i love it… ’

No maybe… All fans thought that the flow of Testa’s past activities may have been like that.

Because the songs arranged according to the passage of time show such exquisite tempo.

[In the pose!

Don’t cherish today too much

Right now is important [Right now]

The activities they have been doing unfold like highlights on stage.

Beyond the popular American teen concept &lt;Pose&gt; this is a very conceptual.

Once I catch this easy listening vibe again…

[Bad feelings

follows you until the end]

What finally appears is a remix version of the song used on the opening stage.

A performance song with a secret agent concept that hit this year. Wearing well-fitting professional suits they gave a unique performance.

This is their current appearance.

Testa finally arrived back in the present.

It will be the last…

“…”

Even though it wasn’t an overwhelming time All Fan was so moved that he swallowed his saliva.

Although I felt happy proud and grateful… I was also very disappointed.

[It was the last song. thank you.]

Because I knew that story would come out.

Uh huh?

Argh!

Exclamations like sighs of disappointment and surprise were heard one after another from all over the audience. But even so everyone probably had a rough guess.

Haven’t Testa already poured out all the songs they’ve worked on on stage with all their might to reach the song they’re currently working on?

The stage darkens and the testers who nod their heads disappear.

Of course like all concerts there will be an encore prepared. But… somehow it felt like time passed too quickly.

‘I don’t even have a ticket for tomorrow… ’

She shouted ‘encore’ with the hope that this time would last just a little longer but sat in her seat with a slightly empty heart.

[yes!]

Bright fireworks and stage effects exploded brightening the stage dramatically.

And of course the silhouettes of the seven people appeared on stage again.

I expected that far.

However Testa standing in a triangle formation… was wearing an old-fashioned uniform.

“…?!”

The choreography centered on Park Moon-dae who winked.

[Me standing on stage

You don’t know yet

STAR LIGHT shaking inside me]

&lt;Idol Inc.&gt;.

As they were still adjusting their angles there was no tension or stiffness like the first stage but there was a lot of composure and fan service.

And the emotion that reminds me of that time!

[What shines on stage today is…

It’s me!]

“Uh oh!”

There was a lot of random cheering and exclamation chants without any cheering method.

Recalling the survival program that hit Korea a few years ago the audience enjoyed the surprise with a strange and nostalgic joy.

“It’s me!”

Of course the moment the music ended Testa each hit his head in embarrassment.

[I really didn’t know I would do this again.]

[Still since this is our roots we agreed that we should show it to them… Okay.]

Hahaha!

Laughter and laughter erupted from all over the audience. Testa shook off his hair and clothes and smiled sheepishly.

It was the start of an unexpected and humorous encore.

All the fans forgetting their gloom for a moment smiled excitedly and waved their light sticks. Testa also smiled and ran around the protruding stage.

[Is there anything else you want to hear? I’ll do everything for you!]

[Let’s see if we missed anything!]

Those words brought laughter and comments from all over. Even though all the famous songs have passed I still have my own songs that everyone remembers impressively.

[Solo songs? No now as an encore… 7 songs?]

[Indeed… I’ll give it a try!]

[Ravin no!]

[That’s not it.]

[The car is cut off! Lovers cannot enter the house!]

As the members were horrified by Kim Rae-bin’s tragic appearance and tried to stop her laughter erupted from the audience again. And they tease me by yelling for me to really do it…

[however.]

however?

[What if we knew it would be like this… and prepared a medley?]

…!!

[I’m going. Chakho Gapsa Medley.]

Amid tearing cheers and shouts solo songs accompanied by various traditional instruments continued like teasers.

Using the other members as dancers the lead singer of the solo song filled the stage with crazy fan service and live feel.

The coat he had hurriedly put on fluttered from his shoulder.

The fun playful stage was truly an encore!

[Would you like to see some cover songs?]

“Ugh! yes!”

“yes!!”

Allfans were no longer surprised that the person sitting next to them was yelling like them.

Testa had a great time with the fans. Throughout the encore.

[Wow amazing!

everything about you

I’m excited every day!

I can’t sleep again today]

Various cover songs that showcased the unit were brought out with laughter from all over the place regardless of the members.

Testa was flying around on stage without any sign of trouble while running for a long time and focusing on performance.

I was happy to see him happy.

‘thank you.’

Allfans took a deep breath. My heart was warm.

[Thank you!]

Just like that Testa ended the enjoyable encore and this time the lights on the stage went out.

“…”

All fans watched quietly.

As always videos of staff participating in the concert and behind-the-scenes practice videos appeared announcing the ending in a lasting way.

And after that too.

“…”

The light turned on again in front of Allfans’ eyes as they pondered whether to get up or not.

‘uh?’

A warm light flickered on from the huge beacon light installed on the stage of the darkened concert hall and the surrounding gears slowly moved.

And the attic seen in the opening reappeared on the screen.

Seon Ah-hyun.

He was alone in the attic organizing board games with a gentle and delicate hand.

A narration is heard.

-Do you know what epilogue means?

-Talk later. It means.

In the warm colors of the screen Sun Ah-hyun put the board games back and read the graduation album.

The hand touching the attached post-it note seemed soft and longing.

-Even after the story is over… there are still questions. Will the people in the story live well after this?

-The follow-up story is meant to answer such questions.

-Let us know that even after a story ends we continue to live beyond it.

-therefore…

Fighting.

‘uh.’

Allpan raised his head when he felt a tap on his head.

It was raining.

-We’ll be able to meet again at any time in the epilogue.

The narration rang.

After finishing organizing the graduation album on the screen Sun Ah-hyun took off a post-it note and stood up.

Then I walked over to the old phone installed in the corner of the attic and made a call to the contact number written on the post-it note.

To the friends I had fun playing games with before.

[Shall we meet?]

The electronic display board gently turned off.

Sarrr.

At the outdoor concert hall in the middle of the night the only sound was the sound of soft rain falling.

In that silence.

A voice echoes across the empty stage.

[everyone.]

[To be able to say that you saw a Testa concert you had to see the encore.]

“…!!”

[braided!]

A bright light came on as if the stage was about to explode.

Images poured out from the electronic display board along with the exciting sound of the drums again.

All the choreography videos stage performances and practice room photos that Testa has released so far during his career appear as if he was going back in time.

Images from the last album’s activities.

‘ah.’

Allfans suddenly seemed to realize the meaning of the concert theme that Testa was trying to convey.

If an album is an idol’s story a concert is an epilogue.

At Testa’s performance any album could be taken out and viewed together. Even if it’s about an album that’s been around for several years.

And now he was participating in the epilogue.

“…”

Perhaps someone outside might have thought that the group’s trajectory of activity was chosen because it was a good topic to discuss at the time of its most success.

but…

‘no.’

Just… Allfan thought that Testa wanted to tell this story.

That means we can meet at any time.

Everyone there had that thought.

The electronic signboard ended with one phrase.

[Okay let’s meet!]

Amid the cheers the drums died down and a new melody began to sound.

A great accompaniment to listen to anytime as if it was made by selecting only cheerful and enjoyable instruments.

And the voice.

[I feel good today as if

[I think something good will happen]

Testa’s first fan song.

That pleasant melody echoed throughout the concert hall.

[If it’s you everything will be okay

It’s unfamiliar but somehow it’ll be good]

The backstage area opens again.

Just like in the previous dance video tall guys wearing animal pajamas appeared from the dry ice.

In the middle Bae Se-jin wearing hamster pajamas grinned coolly.

I wasn’t ashamed anymore.

[Reality shines like a dream

In my dreams I dream of a wonderful tomorrow

When I see you tomorrow

[I’ll only tell you about the sparkling dreams]

Cha Yu-jin dressed in white tiger pajamas held her tail in her hand and smiled to the singing voice and the guys who quietly walked onto the stage started running and dancing!

As if it doesn’t matter if you slip in a sudden rain shower.

A familiar melody that feels overwhelming and nostalgic resonates throughout the venue.

[My dreams that are not locked away

[Make reality speed up]

Lee Se-jin was seen waving both hands in her pajamas on the electronic display board.

Behind him wearing black baby bear pajamas Ryu Cheong-woo wearing eagle pajamas like he did when he debuted burst into laughter.

[Reality is breathing Yeh

YES breathing (breathing!)

Ho-ha! Hoo-ha!]

Sun Ah-hyun was no longer embarrassed and sang her rap part with a smile. A white ball suddenly popped out from behind the deer pajamas.

[I’ll run out of breath

Will you smile when you see me?]

Park Moon-dae’s smiling face appeared on the electronic display.

The expression on his face wearing puppy animal pajamas was no different from the one he had at the beginning of his debut that had just passed by on the electronic display board.

It stayed there.

[Even if there is nothing that doesn’t change

The magic of this moment is]

Idols wearing animal pajamas spread out their arms.

It feels like I’m going to hug you.

[Maybe it’s you]

The concert hall rings as if in response.

[I feel good today as if

[I think something good will happen]

Everyone sang the chorus again at the top of their lungs.

The raindrops falling in the light of the lights and cheering sticks sparkled like electric lights. All over the stage devices spread colorful balloons as if filling the sky.

Colorful images running around the concert hall.

[Life is strange

I lightly kick my feet up and climb up

Try walking on the sky

Even if it rains I don’t know

My life-]

bright!

The words everyone shouts together resonate in the concert hall.

Raebin Kim grinned.

[Light pouring down

All right you are right

Today I shine]

The song rushed towards the end.

The grinning members came to the front of the raised stage and sat down.

They held the microphone with smiling faces as they were hit by a shower of light and palms on their backs.

[Meeting with you yesterday

Become today’s shining dream

[It has become the magic of tomorrow]

The last verse sung with sincerity.

[Yes the magic is you]

There was light everywhere.

A flower storm exploded. Amid cheers and laughter Testa sat on the protruding stage and waved for a very long time.

It was full of joy and fulfillment.

“and!”

Testa’s fans laughed out loud.

I was happy!
