---
title: "Chapter 643"
category: "book"
index: 642
section: "Chapter 643"
slug: "643"
---

# Chapter 643

Testa’s first concert in Seoul was a huge success.

It ended successfully.

“…”

Wow!

The device closed on me as I rode the lift down to the stage floor.

Even though it was blocked and separated the joy of countless people vibrated through the vast space above and made my body vibrate.

I clenched and unclenched my fists.

The afterimage does not go away.

Cheers laughter balloon pollen lights immersive heat. All the images and feelings remain strong and fragmentary as if imprinted in my head.

So much so that my hands are still shaking.

‘…’

If so this question will naturally arise.

What should a singer do when a performance ends so thrillingly?

as soon as…

“Now let’s go in quickly wash up and sleep for tomorrow.”

“yep.”

Preparing for tomorrow’s performance.

That’s right. It’s already a long way from feeling like the performance is over. Isn’t it still the first day?

‘Have a fancy after-party in your dreams.’

You must save your stamina.

However there was one more event that had to be completed before going to sleep.

“Thank you for your hard work!”

“Ah it was so good!”

This is because the aftermath of the concert comes immediately.

-The first testa cone was really fun ㅠㅠ I cried so much my head hurts

-It is all accomplished…

-I was really happy. Thank you guys.

-My star (photo)

This is the reaction to today’s performance.

“…”

I swiped the screen of the smartphone I retrieved from the waiting room and then quietly turned the pages.

This… was enough.

Of course you can’t just appreciate the concert by looking for it like this. I also receive calls from acquaintances.

-I enjoyed the performance!

T-holic Golden Age Mirinae Youngrin Mudi… All kinds of idols I’ve met while working so far.

In this bloody red ocean competitors would celebrate each other’s performances without any other intention.

It is said that Big Sejin even received a text message from Eter.

Some of the idols who were busy with their schedules at this time even called us just in time for our concert to end.

For example spacer Kwon Hee-seung.

This guy started yelling into the receiver as soon as I picked it up.

-Brothers. What kind of exercise did you do?!

hmm?

-Honestly while watching the performance I thought ‘Wow if this is the set list I’ll just visit to celebrate after the performance and tell everyone to turn it off.’…

hey.

-You guys are very energetic. I can hear you guys laughing now!

I looked around.

“haha!”

“Ah… good.”

It was as he said.

After finishing the four-hour crazy forced march performance in which ‘it wouldn’t be surprising if anyone fell down’ the members’ faces were full of energy as they returned to the waiting room sprawled out on the sofa and drank water.

‘Crawling would have been an acceptable amount of energy consumption.’

It was as if the excitement of the concert had been replaced by energy.

“…”

If it were me in the past I would have tried to open the status window to see if this was some kind of abnormality.

But now I know.

I smiled and spoke into the receiver.

“…Because it’s a concert.”

-Oh.

Guys like that are the reason they keep running for years without experiencing group burnout.

Kwon Hee-seung seemed to agree. As expected we have the same job so we understand quickly…

-Ah is there any recommended medicine from Chungwoo’s national university experience?

“…”

-Are you especially excited because it’s a concert? Please share brother!

Is there any?

Anyway as I was getting ready to go home I answered a few calls and texts in my spare time.

Meanwhile many people actually visited the testa waiting room to express their congratulations and impressions.

Company employees staff performance officials and… the audience who came by invitation.

Members’ families.

“Our Ahyeon…! When will I grow up and be this brave and cool?”

As soon as I entered the waiting room I saw the boy’s parents patting Sun Ah-hyun and the boy’s father handing a bouquet of flowers to Ryu Cheong-woo.

“Black…”

“It’s okay… Hey.”

Even Bae Se-jin consoles her upset mother.

A concert held after achieving record-breaking results. Even the family’s emotions seemed to have been special as the composition was filled with the feeling of reliving the activities of the past few years.

“son! Come here.”

“Oh Mrs…”

Cha Yu-jin and Cha Yu-jin who are talking leisurely in Spanish next to Keun Se-jin’s parents who are hugging each other with great emotion…

“grandma!”

“Look at how skinny Ravin’s dog’s arm is. How can I have so much strength in this body…”

“I gained weight before that…”

Kim Rae-bin’s grandmother also visited from Gangwon-do.

It seemed like you had recovered a lot of your health.

“…”

It was all very nice to see. I smiled faintly and put away my smartphone.

“Mr. Moon Dae wow~ You look tall and handsome today as well. How can you sing so well on stage today!”

“thank you.”

I also joined in exchanging a few words of greetings and thanks with the member’s family.

It was a bit awkward to be in a place like this during my first concert but now a few years later I don’t have to worry about it. Because we knew each other.

No one was tactful enough to ask me if anyone was coming to visit me.

“Our famous singer also went home and slept well today huh?”

“…yes.”

That was when the conversation continued.

thud.

It was opened once more in the waiting room.

When I turned my head I saw a black figure holding a gift through the hastily opened door.

“…brother.”

Big moon.

It was Park Mun-dae who became Ryu Geon-woo.

The guy looked carefully and tried to come inside but he stuttered.

“Brother no that’s…”

I guess it suddenly dawned on me that the title ‘hyung’ didn’t fit his apparent age and relationship.

But I just laughed.

“Welcome.”

“…!”

When his eyes shake

“Hey are you a relative of Mr. Moon Dae?”

“ah? Ah yes… that.”

“It’s similar.”

I said it first.

“He’s like family to me.”

“Oh really?”

“Oh my why are you standing there? Come on in. Family!”

He was welcomed by other members’ families and eventually entered the waiting room with a bewildered expression.

And then he handed me the gift he was barely holding. What was visible through the translucent packaging looked like a trophy-shaped mug celebrating the concert.

The guy cautiously opened his mouth.

“I was a little late because I had to wait until all the audience had left…”

“It’s not late.”

At those words Geoldal let out a small breath as if his heart had relaxed a little.

And then as the tension disappeared a different expression appeared on his face.

It’s overwhelming.

“…Concert. It was really good.”

The guy began to express his impressions of the concert in an excited voice.

A mixture of conscious informality and unconscious politeness came out but he seemed so impressed that he didn’t even notice it.

“I was really really impressed…”

…are you coming?

I looked back at the members. Everyone was secretly smiling.

It was a very nice moment.

From then on Big Moon’s words took a rather strange turn.

“Oh and the other ticket you gave me! I gave it to my SNS friend…”

Perhaps he thought I would misunderstand that he had given it to a strange person so he hastily added.

“Ah it’s Loveviewer! Testa All Fans!”

Well done.

“But I was a high school student.”

“…?”

“I received a tissue…”

I don’t know what it was but it seemed like he was having a very embarrassing time.

“Anyway I was just trying to say that I think I gave it to a good person!”

“okay.”

Actually it was okay no matter who I gave it to.

‘…but it’s even better if it goes well with the fans.’

Identity wasn’t that important. It was important for me to know what emotions that person might have been sitting through.

I grinned.

“thanks.”

“Huh no!”

The guy waved his hand and said he was grateful but couldn’t hide his smile.

A few members tapped my side.

“I’m glad you enjoyed it.”

“I know.”

After the concert review small talk continued in a gentle atmosphere.

“Where should we go on vacation in the summer?”

“Ah… then! ocean! My Jeju Island?”

“Good.”

So the members’ families stayed in the waiting room and then left.

However the waiting room visit did not end there.

When I was really finishing everything up there was a knock on the door.

dripping.

“Do you have a tester?”

“…!”

It was the two VTIC people who took my ticket.

“hello.”

Although they wore masks and hats anyone could see that they were not ordinary people so they seemed to have waited a little longer and were more careful.

“Wow I really really enjoyed watching it!”

“…thank you.”

I accepted what I didn’t know was Chaeyul’s handshake or high five.

I thought I would just watch the performance and leave quietly but I didn’t expect that they would come at such a time to say hello.

I really didn’t know what to say next.

“Ah I hope Testa comes to see the VTIC performance next time!”

“…Is this what you agreed to with senior Cheongryeo?”

“oh.”

okay. I thought it wouldn’t work…

“yes.”

“…”

I turned my head to the voice I heard.

Cheongnyeo who was quietly watching the conversation spoke calmly.

“Come see it.”

“…”

I chuckled.

“When the time comes.”

Cheongryeo smiled brightly and answered that she understood.

“Wow everyone is gone right?”

“Ugh.”

As the crowd of people passed by the waiting room became quiet again.

The guys who were humming on the sofa also slowly stood up.

“Shall we go home now?”

“Just take a picture of us for a moment!”

“OK… Oh the rain has stopped outside.”

Eventually it was revealed that the manager was away for a while on the phone and that there was some time left until he returned home.

‘About 30 minutes.’

It was the longest delay in leaving work for a concert so far.

But I didn’t feel bad.

At that time I suddenly remembered what Keundal had said.

-I had to wait until everyone left before coming…

hmm…

They said the rain had stopped.

* * *

The concert stage was clean after cleaning up.

“Phew.”

I quietly went from backstage onto the stage. The cool air of the floor came up from under my thin sneakers.

The weather at night near dawn in early fall was cool.

“…”

As I took a deep breath a cool breeze blew.

I stood quietly in the dark space above the stage looking around the huge concert hall full of people.

There was no particular intention. I wanted to see this scene at least once so I came up because I had a chance to see it.

I sat quietly on the stage and looked across the audience which was so quiet and cool that it was hard to believe that it had been so hot just a moment ago.

If that’s the case…

“Mundae what are you doing?”

“…!”

I heard a sound.

When I turned my head I saw Inyoung walking up onto the stage with light steps.

“…Cheongwoo hyung?”

“hmm.”

Liu Chengwu smiled and sat next to me.

This guy wasn’t finished.

“Mundae-hyung are you here?”

“…I think this is my first time coming up like this after a performance.”

“The air is very nice…!”

One by one the members appeared on stage giggling or clearing their throats.

“Did you follow me?”

“of course! You quietly disappear alone.”

The Testa guys came up the backstage stairs and each walked around the stage and came this way.

No… some of them are putting me in a headlock or hitting other people’s backs. Do you have any stamina left?

“But I tried to see this spectacle alone… Isn’t it too much for Mundaemun University?”

“That’s right we are a team. My brother can’t act alone!”

I can’t believe Cha Yu-jin knows the word ‘independent action’. No I didn’t expect to hear such words from a guy who seemed to be the embodiment of independent action.

Anyway the guys who were making a fuss soon stopped playing and just lay down or sat down next to me.

And look at the sky.

“Oh the scenery is nice.”

okay.

I also raised my head again.

Eyes adapted to the darkness showed detailed outlines.

“…”

I saw starlight.

In the clear night sky after the rain dots of light were twinkling.

Of course the vast auditorium below was still empty without a single ray of light or heat.

but.

“Look at the stars.”

“Maybe because it rained and stopped the sky is very clear.”

“Ugh.”

Now I am with the members.

Remembering the lights that filled the audience seats.

Looking forward to seeing those lights again tomorrow.

“Mundae…!”

Sun Ah-hyeon smiled and spoke.

“It feels good… right?”

I raised my head to the sky and smiled.

I was happy.

-complete-
