---
title: "Chapter 644"
category: "book"
index: 643
section: "Chapter 644"
slug: "644"
---

# Chapter 644\: Epilogue

One sunny fall morning.

Beep beep! Beep beep!

widely.

“…”

The man turned off the alarm on his smartphone and slowly got up from the bed.

His well-skeleton upper body lowered his head as if he was still asleep… then lifted it up vigorously.

And shouted.

“Going to work!”

It was Ryu Geon-woo.

He quickly got out of bed. Originally Alarm was a song by Testa but I quickly stopped singing it because I heard that the song that was designated as a wake-up call could easily have a distorted feel.

‘Because I can hear it a lot on a daily basis!’

Geoldal quickly washed up gulped down some cereal and got dressed like he always did when he was a level 7 civil servant.

However originally ‘work uniform’ was a black suit…

“Not now.”

He smiled and touched his sleeve.

Wearing cotton pants and a neat shirt he looked more like a college student about to present an assignment.

This is because I only wanted this level of formality in my new job.

‘It seems like a nice place.’

Orbit Stars Entertainment.

He walked energetically to the place that was also Testa’s company.

* * *

The city bus was full of people going to work.

Geoldal was accustomed to sitting in the back seat and holding his smartphone.

-Animal pajamas at Testa Seoul’s first cone (Fancam)

– We are investigating the demand for Yowon Cheongwoo’s cotton dolls.

-Another Billboard interview with our kids has appeared! (link)

Testa’s remix activities are over. However the achievements and stories of their takeoff flowed endlessly.

There were also unusual rumors on the Internet that he would receive the Order of Cultural Merit this time but his SNS was full of people who were happy with Testa without mentioning such things.

Geoldal went down the timeline with a happy face and also checked a DM that had been sent to him.

-Thank you so much for the concert ticket Big Moon… ㅠㅠ Even thinking about it again I really do…

A friend on social media who received an invitation to the concert still occasionally sends thank you messages. Sometimes they even sent me gifticons so there were a few times when I declined them for good.

I couldn’t bear to receive it. because.

‘…he was a high school student.’

Moreover he couldn’t even tell that he was the man who sat next to him at the concert…

Keundal’s pupils trembled for a moment as he recalled the memory of receiving a snack but he soon responded cheerfully.

‘no! I’m glad you enjoyed it haha’

The timeline was overflowing with people like the Milky Way talking about their daily lives related to Testa.

A person who is going to use annual leave to go to a cafe on his birthday a person who is happy about small things in everyday life that remind him of Testa a person who cheered up by watching a video on a gloomy day…

Although Keudal himself didn’t know there were also chat accounts of several Hommas connected across the street.

-Lee Se-jin please call me when I appear on a variety show.

-ㅠㅠㅠYou cut your Mundae’s hair. Remembering our Mundae’s byeongji cut and long hair… (photo)

-I’m going to go to a concert in the US on this tour too! Haha I’m starting to save up for vacation…

“Oh I’m jealous.”

And I soon realized that there was no need to be envious. All I have to do is say something and my brother will immediately send me a ticket…

‘no! Let’s not depend on it.’

However I have already received tickets for some K-POP concert in Seoul this time…

-This is chapter 2 again is it okay? Send it first.

-No bro… Ugh… thank you.

Geodal held back a sigh blaming himself for not being able to overcome his desires.

Still he couldn’t help but feel good so he couldn’t stop the corners of his mouth from rising and happily updated the timeline.

‘What kind of cheering message is this time… ’

-Kim Rae-bin lip-singing with AR on at a concert? Haha that’s a rumor too. It’s pitiful. I wonder how many people would have thought this would work if they sucked at Dodol who can’t live. All Godgi Rabbits are live bitch…

‘Ugh.’

He quickly pressed back and left. I was sweating from the brutality that came from beyond the timeline.

Are you a fan of Mr. Ravine?

‘You look energetic this morning.’

Geoldal swiped down his smartphone and suddenly got up from his seat. It was just the right time to get off.

The Orbit Stars headquarters was visible through the window of the bus he was getting off.

“Geonwoo is here~”

“hello!”

Geoldal eagerly greeted the people in the office.

Thanks to his previous job it seemed like he was being treated as a kind of experienced worker but in reality it was still close to a probationary period.

It hasn’t even been a month since I started work!

Moreover the department had just been created.

“Now we have to take care of it.”

As it is a new agency there are only a very small number of trainees that are still being raised and they are all said to have been hired recently.

“I’m trying to recruit some trainees in earnest but there aren’t many suitable ones these days.”

“Letty I don’t know how they can take kids like that when they don’t even let them debut there.”

A colleague grumbled that his skills were at the level of a fraudster.

This may be due to the fact that LeTi is a large old agency and the name value of its incumbent company VTIC has been extremely high over the past few years.

“Of course the situation is different now!”

It wasn’t just the department in charge that was smiling at Testa’s recent results.

“I have a testa.”

“sure. I will definitely come!”

Geodal who was just listening to their conversation slightly straightened his shoulders in a proud mood.

Yes my brother is that great…

“…That’s why Mr. Gunwoo.”

“yes?”

When he paused for a moment and asked again his boss kindly said it again.

“First of all let’s just look at street casting today shall we?”

Huh?

Uh huh?

* * *

‘oh my god.’

That’s how ‘Employee Ryu Geon-woo’ ended up wandering around the nearby streets this morning…

Of course I didn’t send it with the expectation that Geundall would cast someone well. Isn’t it a difficult time to see middle and high school students on weekday mornings?

-Just take a look at the persimmons. Persimmon!

I was told that since he had been working almost without a day off for the past week they gave him a few hours in the morning so he could fool around.

‘It’s okay!’

Moreover in fact they even called it a joke. This is because the big moon couldn’t come out alone.

They even added a trainee as a casting reference and went out with them…

“…”

‘And so far I haven’t seen anyone I’d particularly want to cast… ’

I felt heavy because I felt like I had made the trainee walk a lot for no reason.

As Big Moon was trudging along his shoulder suddenly collided.

“ah. sorry.”

“…no.”

When I turned my head I saw the face of the trainee who went out with me.

Although he is handsome it was a strange day that ordinary people would question his school attendance… or rather his attendance date.

And Keoldal somehow became a little anxious.

No matter how much you are a trainee right now… isn’t it time for students to normally be at school? I heard you go to school.

“Do you… not go to school?”

“Today is the school opening anniversary.”

Phew I see.

Feeling a little relieved at the student who surprisingly responded obediently Geoldal turned his gaze again.

As if the timing was right a familiar melody played from the electronic display board.

‘It’s coming out!’

On my way back to work I briefly asked the trainee’s permission and stopped inside a nearby subway station to watch this.

Big Moon took a breath.

[TeSTAR WORLD TOUR Official Trailer]

I started hearing music.

And starting with Cha Yu-jin who smiles and opens her eyes on stage the screen widens as if it is being sucked out.

Wow!

What is captured amidst the cheers is the vast main stadium.

It was the promotional video for Testa’s world tour of this concert.

The group dance of the 7 members a splendid stage set-up a hot and passionate live performance and overflowing talent…

Even in the low-definition quality of subway electronic displays it shines like fire.

‘It’s a good thing I came to see you.’

I was a little embarrassed that I texted my brother that I was going to see this but I didn’t regret it.

“excuse me.”

The trainee next to me asked in a trembling voice.

“This is Testa senior. Have you actually seen it? No I mean…”

“yes.”

Big Moon nodded slowly looking at the screen as if he were being sucked in.

“I saw it.”

I remember the concert.

The suction power and light that makes your heart beat.

Of course the big moon is no longer a status window and can no longer display a hologram window that shows the idol’s ability level.

But he could still see.

The power of a singer named Testa.

It’s as clear as the cast introduction subtitles that appear in the promotional video.

[Cha Yujin]

On the screen a red-blond person smiles baring his fangs.

Black Hole Energy and talent that attracts attention.

An idol whose explosive stage performances are imprinted in our minds like a signature.

Beyond his playfulness his sixth sense that seems to penetrate to the core makes his attitude more attractive.

Behind that passionate face the next person appeared as if a baton had been touched.

A performer with a decadent look with something to see in his eyes.

[Kim Rae-bin]

The screen was filled with scenes of him running through his solo intro song while holding a microphone.

Amazing artistic talent that makes even the most recklessly experimental musical attempts shine into songs that are more beautiful than you can imagine.

Another off-stage charm was the fact that his warm and polite attitude which contrasted with his cool exterior created a mysterious character.

And the next member also had that charm.

[Bae Se-jin]

The amazing acting skills displayed with a neat appearance fill the screen with something close to appeal.

His acting skills are not limited to his acting activities. The amazing expressiveness improved the quality of the stage story.

If you compare his appearance before his debut when he had no foundation in dancing and singing and now that he has grown to excellence you will get goosebumps.

A similar emotion will come to you every time you realize how dedicated Bae Se-jin is to this team’s performance.

And then a person appears who supports this team to which he is devoted.

[Ryu Cheong-woo]

The unwavering power of the standard comes from a well-built body and vocal cords. Centripetal point.

That balanced the performance and set the focus of the entire stage.

A sense of stability is felt every time Ryu Cheong-woo stands at the center. And confidence. Based on that everything was attractive including the willingness to be slightly mischievous and bold.

The core that sustains the team.

And there was another person on the team with that kind of mentality.

[Seon Ah-hyeon]

On the screen elongated arms and legs draw elegant lines. The solo dance posed with a fancy turn as if standing on one’s legs alone and a beautiful face was captured.

Her incredible appearance makes it worth calling her a natural dancer and a natural beauty.

But in fact the solidity and strength to overcome adversity may be the biggest charm of idol Sun Ah-hyun.

And then comes the person who seems to have been born to be that idol.

[Lee Se-jin]

Joy flashed across his face as he performed a performance that tore through the stage.

The intimidating feeling given by the large physique combined with the idol-like dance moves gave a thrilling and appropriate feeling.

Skills honed through long years of intense thought and practice shine like jewels. A sense of pleasure fills the screen as much as the satisfaction he feels as an idol.

And… a voice as cool as that sounds from behind.

The very last member.

[Park Moon-dae]

On the screen you can see the idol holding up the microphone and grinning.

Drops of sweat flutter as if reflecting light.

Overflowing singing ability sensitive tone and vocalization that fills the hall. An idol who has all the virtues of a main vocalist.

However there is more charm than just vocals. The more I watched the more witty ideas and surprising actions emerged from his unique personality.

For example it is contrary to the cool and rational aspect…

Love for the stage and the audience.

[TeSTAR]

The promotional video ended splendidly with Park Moon-dae’s smiling face.

The concert stage never faded from its star-like sparkle which caught the eye even on camera.

Like a fancam from one day.

“…”

For some reason my heart ached.

Suddenly I turned my gaze and saw that the boy next to me was also looking at the electronic display board as if he were mesmerized.

‘Idol aspiring… ’

…Seeing that I felt like I could understand a bit what casting was like.

What standards should be set?

Big Moon hesitated for a moment and then opened his mouth.

“Do you like Testa?”

“…”

The boy standing next to him nodded slightly.

Geoldal spoke without hesitation this time.

“I have tickets to a concert featuring Testa. Do you want to go see it?”

“…!!”

He sent the trainee who kept lowering his head by giving him an extra ticket to the K-POP comprehensive concert.

‘huh. I think this is right.’

Even though I was trying to reflect on my choice I forgot about it the moment the promotional video came back on.

“I’ll be back in a little while.”

Even after that he stood for a while looking at the billboard. I wanted to watch the Testa Tour video one last time when it will return.

“Phew.”

Eventually the turn came again and it was the moment before the video came out on the electronic display board.

Tuk-tuk.

Someone touched his shoulder. Has the trainee come back?

“Oh I left something behind…”

“Park Moon-dae.”

I turned my head away unable to breathe.

A person wearing a hood pulled down was smiling at himself.

A man with neatly cut black hair covering his white face.

Testa Park Moon-dae.

“You were here without even seeing the reply.”

His older brother looked at his smartphone saying that it took a while to find him at the station then immediately looked up and smiled.

“Why here…?”

“You said today is a work day so let’s have lunch together.”

“Ugh!”

“The kids are waiting.”

“Now wait a minute!”

Soon Ryu Geon-woo and Park Moon-dae emerged from the underground history.

The sunlight sparkled.

-Epilogue completed
