---
category: Side Story
discussion: 1463
index: 1429
section: side
slug: 1429
title: In Modern Day (27)
---

## Chapter 1429: In Modern Day (27) 

"..." For a moment, I'm at a loss on how to respond to Anderson Hood.
I'm afraid that I would end up quarreling with him the moment I open my
mouth.

After a few seconds, I finally find a relatively euphemistic solution.

"Oh, you're even able to paint?"

The receptionist eagerly says, "Heh, he knows a lot of things. He
originally came to our country to learn banter, claiming that he's
proficient in all kinds of things."

*That sounds like sarcasm... The receptionist and this foreign teacher
don't seem to be on good terms... I wonder if he's speaking the truth or
just joking...* Although I'm not particularly good at observing people,
his behavior is a little obvious.

"Haha, if you wish to learn banter, I can teach you as well," Anderson
Hood says with a well-enunciated Chinese accent.

"We'll see?" I'm a little confused about the current situation, and I
have no choice but to say something perfunctory like "I'll check my
schedule."

After watching Anderson walk into the office, I turn my head and ask the
male receptionist, "Can I not sign up for his class?"

"That's one of your rights." The male receptionist looks excited. "A
wise choice!"

He then gives me a thumbs up.

"T-this... foreign teacher---Anderson... Is he that bad?" I glance in
the direction of the office.

The male receptionist chuckles.

"To be honest, he's very capable. His only flaw is..."

He pauses.

"What is it?" I can't help but ask in response.

The male receptionist turns solemn.

"That he's not a mute!"

"Hahaha." I laugh, half-sincere and half-polite.

Then, I ask curiously, "Do people sign up for his classes?"

"Yes, quite a lot." The male receptionist curls his lips.

"Aren't they aware that you can't withdraw from classes and switch
teachers after signing up?" I take the opportunity to gather more
details.

"No." The male receptionist quickly corrects me. "We have one trial
lesson. If you're not satisfied, you can switch to another teacher."

He pauses and laughs.

"Well, you know, some people just like to get mocked and trampled on."

*It sounds like they have a special fetish...* I stop asking further.

"Then I'll sign up for your principal's class. Are there weekend
classes?"

"Yes." The male receptionist quickly does the introductions.

I don't waste any time. After paying 6,666 yuan, I sign up for the Dream
Tutoring Classes' weekend business English class.

After leaving the Dream Tutoring Classes, I don't leave the building.
Instead, I find a quiet corner and take in the feel of the air
conditioner. I then make a record of today's events.

To be a commercial spy, one has to act like a commercial spy. I have to
live up to Miss Huang's payment!

*Done!* I casually tap my phone and look at the department chat to
prevent myself from missing any important notices.

Rozanne: "Take note, take note: CEO Huang is bringing a VIP over to
visit. Everyone, please be more professional."

*VIP... Oh, that client named Zaratulstra. Heh heh, I actually missed
him again. Looks like we aren't fated to meet...* I hold my phone and
consider what to do next.

It's rare for me to have free time in the afternoon on a non-weekend
day. I can't waste it.

*Hmm, I'll go catch a movie. There shouldn't be a lot of people at this
time.* With that thought in mind, I immediately head to the larger mall
next door. Then, I take the elevator to the fourth floor and start
searching for the cinema.

*Eh, there's a signing event...* Looking around, I see many people
lining up at the entrance of a large bookstore.

It's obvious that a famous author is here to do a fansigning event.

With some level of curiosity, I deliberately pass by and see a few
poster stands.

*Romance Queen... Slacker Without a Dream... This pen name, heh, the
authors nowadays really have weird pen names...* I don't know the author
of the fansign event, nor do I have any intention of joining in the fun.

Of course, I'm still a little curious as to what the author looks like.
After all, the few poster stands that aren't blocked mainly introduced
the Romance Queen's new book without any pictures.

*I'll come take a look after the movie...* I mutter to myself and follow
the road signs to the other side of the mall. At the end of the road, I
find the cinema.

Because I haven't thought of what to watch, I stay in the lobby and look
for something that piques my interest from the promotional pictures.

Suddenly, I feel the light in front of me dim.

A tall man appears beside me!

*He's so tall. He's almost two meters...* I look at him from the corner
of my eye and realize that he looks like a basketball player.

Wait, he seems to be wearing the junior high school uniform near my
neighborhood!

Holy sh\*t, he's only in middle school and he's already two meters tall?

What do children nowadays eat?

A-and he dyed his hair brownish-yellow...

Does he need to attend classes? Well, it's summer vacation now.

But why are you wearing your school uniform during the summer vacation?

As I lampoon, I take a stealthy step in the opposite direction, in case
the child makes me look like a dwarf.

Meanwhile, I find the movie that I'll be watching. I don't have to wait
too long.

"The Pirate 3: Crazy Adventurer"

In the corresponding promotional pictures, a man in a top hat and trench
coat is standing between lightning, waves, and storms with three retro
pirate ships surrounding him. And at the bow of each ship stands a
beautiful female pirate.